A/I //zatant latenv/M’ /e/I ﬂ//rue/f
//fted/m/_n //ﬁe; grol//r¢_{ and lame
onward ﬁxgﬁ /// (‘ﬁe J/It

\

   IN] If-:3.N5x‘7

ER

[R][l@['g (€11 ‘’

2';lK: 

 

1::-nil Wubbv. By .m6::n'pftbn 82.50 par-year. Entered as Secand-class Malfer at the M Y. Rut oﬂice, by STREET & Surn-1. '79-89 seems Ava. IV. Y.

Entered according to Act of Congress in tic year 1909. in the Oﬁce of /Ir: Librarian of Congress. Waslriugion, D. C.

NEW YORK.

March 6, 1909. Pticc Five Cents.

O

  -The Haunted   Circus;

“ A.

; }       NICK  

 
  

o
I

' e Edited by CHICKERING CARTER.

  _ CHAPTER 1.?
{,1  l V. F'r1-ta cxncvs cnost.

7* ‘  Hindpaugh,- proprietor and manager of the
greatest circus‘ on earth, rushed ‘into the presence of
Nick Carter‘ like a whirlwind. ' Hindpaugh always

; did things after’, the whirlwindtfashion, and now be ap-

 parently had more reason than usual for that quality

dfaction. A v , ,  ‘

 , Nigk Carter had been awaiting himabout a quarter
.5; an hgur in response to a message he had received

‘  the circus man requesting his immediate attend-

axicc upqn Hindpaugh on a matter of the utmost im-

heifixne was Wednesday of thefﬁrst week of -the

    
   
  
    
    
  

   

show-"in»the City of New.«York, just one year later than’

 ;;1ate'of Nick Cat-ter’s remarkable experience with
j e‘ the tiggr’:Jan1CS‘ Dumont, the tiger-tamer, and
Kiiiie<Slade, “the world's molst ‘wonderful and accom-
 " . ‘ ' '5 n and‘ isto -3 ot.”

‘  iiasepeilused the two preceding num-
’ ’oi:§ti:’tt Nl'ck’C'd1:tér Weekiy will ‘recall the assas-
 ‘ 5‘, V 33395 Qumom, the tiger-tamer, the pre-
""- Prince, the tiger, to Nick Carter, and
;’m;,¢,kab1¢»sc¢ne:‘in the center ring of the
 lG8::"dcn‘.tin’:New ’Yorl<_ xvhiehg-esulted so
. » 7 $1‘ ‘gag; ’_5'ﬁ'M'i1ie=§lade from hcart’§hs-

 
 

 
 

 

As has already been intimated, one entire year had _
elapsed since those stirring incidents had happenedjn ‘V
the career of Nick Carter and had astonished all New 1  a
York for the time being. , "  ‘-

After the death of Millie Slade, who was masquera-V ’
ding as Madam Maritza, the circus and menagerie had, _», »
gone ahead on its tour of the country, and the Tﬁfhafkv‘ 
able things that had happened to it in its performances E .11
while in the City of New York were temporarily for-
gotten. » , M «

Nick Carter, in the press of other business, had fol» 
lowed his inevitable rule of dismissing from his mind 
all closed incidents, and it was not, therefore, until he 
received the summary and emphatic request fromtgwtr
Adam-Hindpaugh to call upon that’ gentleman athis“ " ’
privateoﬂice at the Garden that the detective recailiedi
to his mind everything that had gone before in egg,
nection with “Hir1dpaugh’s aggregation of worldwide’
wonders.” » M V p ‘j
V The message came to the detective about the 
of the gforenoon, and he last no time in l:astening'ge‘to"I
the Garden to grant‘ Hindpaugh the requestedhterﬁi
VIEW. ‘ ‘ at 
‘ Arrived thererhe was told that the proprietor 
stepped outside for a few moments‘ but wotald 
rletiurntgnd therefore he had waited as we hajve 
r and with the msmtgnady €XP33m¢d<. .  ._ V
 ‘Adamgvﬂindpa Ajwas. atthat time..:a— _. V
  j .  _

   

 
  
    
 
 

   
      
    
  
  

     
     
     

    

    
    
 
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
    
   
  
  
   
    
  
   
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
   
   
   
 
    

of spirit and whose source of reserve energy seemed to
., be‘ inexhaustible.
«As he dashed into the room upon Nick Carter, his
,. "face was redder than usual——-almost as red as his hair,
‘in fact,'and he held, as was his inevitable custom, a
huge cigar in the right-hand corner of his mouth; a
‘cigar which was never lighted and was never intended
to he lighted, and which he gradually consumed with
 teeth instead of with ﬁre.
, — “Gee, Carter!” he exclaimed, shaking hands with the
“detective as if, the latter’s arm were ‘a pump-handle,
,.‘.‘I;.s,ure am glad to see you. I'd have sent for you a
 ago while we were rehearsing and getting things
liinj5,o"shape' for the season, only for the fact that I
thought that maybe the funny business would come to
stop when we struck the road; but bless your heart,
Carter, nothing of the sort. ‘It has kept right up,
 worseand worsc ‘very day, until now I’ll give
"1: you straight, it's got to be almost unbearable.”
“What has?” asked the detective, ﬁnding a chance

W vana czg
. ,’deeply into his trousers pockets, settling hirr‘;-i
solidly, uponhis heels, protruding his chin and
 - ﬁercely into the detective’s eyes, as if in‘deﬁance
’ .:latter’s possible unbelief.
 v Carter smiled indulgently. , r _ ,.
¢8?_” heinquired. “What ghost? Whbse ghost?”
emaxsman sent a huge chair spinningehalﬁway
I  witha vicious swing of one of his legs,
. tﬁuewhimself upon it, mopping his bald ‘head

‘tea:-he held" inthe other one. .
 Ihereplied laconically; new, relin uishing
31¢ ' ﬁxedupon the detective and riding
“ the tips of his toes; V. 4. ‘
 the detective, smiling. “Do

,, _. I   man vociferously.
 Deadergthan, a..cloor-nail, or‘ a
,    were_n’t_ dead how they-—

   be.‘raising_ particular

NEW NICK ¢ARTE1i WEEKLY.

. g _’ t*'.in‘hiS question when the circus man stopped for
breath.”-and’ also to_ bite off another half-inch of his;._

4: "ghost," .1-eplied Hindpaugh, thrusting: 

’ ’hu7cl while he fanned himself vigorously with C

Carter,N“I' want you to

, with deep emphasis andwith ﬁercely glowing eyes: 5".“

 that from this out I'm going to have nothing. T I
. , dofwith theghost business, _ .Thp!; ghost is discha‘ :

“and it ought to be a sinecure, since ghostsido not really
exist.” - ‘

“This one does. You can bet your life on that.”

“Oh, no, it doesn't, Adam; somebody is playing
pranks on you.” ' ,

“Pranks be blowedl I thought that myself, first off,
but I tell you this thing has got my performers stirred
up until every last one of them is ready to leave. It's
something that ain’t made of ﬂesh and blood, and
something that doesn’t do things the way human beings
do them.” ‘

“Tell me about it.”

“Gee, Carter, I wish Iicould.”

“Well, why did you send for me to ‘come here if
you can’t tell me about it?” _

“Oh, I’m going to tell you about it, all right; that
is, I'm going to tell you all I know about it, which
you’ll ﬁnd out is very little when all is said.”

“Well, go ahead then; I'm waiting and listening.”

“I suppose you’d like to have me start at the begin-
ning, wouldn’t you?” I -

M  “Oh, certainly.” ‘ A

‘All right; carry your mind back to a year ago; to e
the time when we had that disastrous week here in b
New York which began with the murder-of Jim Du-,
mont, the tiger-tamer, and which ended with that wild
scene in thearena in which you took such a promi- /
nent part.” '

“That_is not diiiicult, Adam.” ;

"Well, we completed our engagement here, as you ;
know, pretty much to the good; and we ﬁnished, out A

the season all right, too; soifar as that’s concerned; I

and there wasn,’_t the slightest bit of trouble from that
time on to the close of the season except, of course, that F‘
I missed my two greatest stars more than I can dﬂf‘ \
scribe to you, and I probably lost-gt lost of money 
cause of their deaths.” ' ’  ‘ . ” ‘ . ' , _

r ‘,‘ V t down to the ghost, Adam." I ’ . 
“ ’m coming to theghost, all right; don’t‘you hurryrtyy
me; I take it that you want this thing in chronological 
form, and that’s about the way you're going to get it.”  

“All right,” said the detective, laughing aloud this _ 
time. ‘ - ‘ I ‘  I

“What I want to do, Carter, is to tell you this thing’ ‘ ,
from A‘ to Z;_and after that I want to wash my_hands , 
of the whole business, bar nothing, and leave it up’ to 
7011.’! i ' ' .. _ _‘_; ,.: I
i'The circus man started from his chair and.   ;
ing forward, pounded tlieﬁﬁble wfith’his’ﬁst ashe a ' , r I

 

“I’ll tellyou right now, Carter;‘]ohnny-on-.the-spot;-. A‘

  

xggtlrat  V

 

  

referred to you. And, what’s more, Carter, I don’t
want to hear any ghost-talk from you, either.”
_ _“I don’t,think there's any danger of that. Adam.”
V "was the quiet reply. I
“There rnustn’t be! There sha’n’t be! I’m sick of
the whole confounded business! For the last twelve
weeks it’s been ghost here and ghost there and every-
‘ y where until I’m almost a ghost myself.” I
_ “You don-’t look it,” smiled the detective.
' ' . “Well, whether I look it or not, it's true. I tell you,
 Carter, that you’ve no idea what it means to have a
"I 7 ghost walking around among your performers, and
- yyour tent,-men, and your drivers, and your cooks, and
every blooming employee you’ve got, raising the very
’ rlickens with them, scaring them plumb. out of their
  wits,’ drivinga few of them bughouse, others to drink;

NEVV NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

scaring the animals so that they get off their feed and ‘

i twon’t perform, and raising Ned with the whole show

  
   
   
   
     
    
    

unless you,’ yourself, have been proprietor of the great-
 showon earth, and have got about ﬁfteen hundred,
, and women who almost call you papa and -who
(to running to you for everything that happens, from
 one t,h.eir,little toe, to stock-jobbing in Wall
tract. Why,vCarter,a ghost-—a real, genuine, dyed-
lggzétthe-wool,‘authenticateEl ghost, can raise more differ-
erltkinds of trouble‘ in an outﬁt of this kind, than the

1

Ktliaﬂpox or the bubonic plague.” -.
""'I‘. ink}? replied the detective quietly, “that I can

  

 
       
 
  
    
 
   

 you go ronwith your story, I-I_indgiau_gh, we must
‘on.'ithe.proposition that therexxs no such thing as

     
   

* ,r's€.”' . , . , , ,.

%:ecircus man shrugged his shoulders, spat out=the
index" f>f7hi3»,".,ciga'r;: andl-sulgstituted a new one in
, pkeeﬁstretched 'his‘.'legs anew to their full length

  
  

.. Idogshit  cliiierence,‘ Carter, what
-¢a’il..;_it.> » Ghost isetheginarne of it, as the thing is

“f  in,  of mine, and ghost

~-‘ac: 1c;a:.:ho.f8’r. at ’“Y_P°1’f°1-'m¢l‘5-.31? emploicees.

wggﬁgggu mt-.w’;_1<_i animals are cgneemed. Ghost.

*s..e.farea.s.th.t;‘13Y*“€ '?“*.8°°*~ .2‘  '-

. I *. Hi;sdpws_h..ll1laks..th¢ :9l=e,=,ehut -1- 
e that youI.l>¢£31?   ‘ 

1

  
  
  

  

?

~.

     
 

,.
‘,4 .-I t. '
_x_ -2. '

.5  e;v‘,rha:erIos‘I'; 

 l;i“_lt;ri1ly:»remiriisee!1t,, , manni§r,.i,and with

’..a

S

      

ds ‘stilY..‘7Iner¢ - the

int: strl,ith.rt$t;!*‘i-"4 I

his I

ehiyttfit. You don't know what it means! you can't know .

3

of thing has been going on before I was told about
it, for that doesn't directly concern us. It is sufficient '
to say that by the time my people came to me about
the matter, his ghostship was pretty well established
as anvundesirable member of my troupe.” -

“His ghostship!” exclaimed the detective, smiling.

“Her ghostship I should have said, of course; but
then it is natural to speak of a ghost in a masculine
sense.”

“I suppose so; go on.”

“Well, the first thing that was noticed was an un-
easiness among the animals, which always occurred .
at about the same hour every night.” '

“Wait a moment," said Nick. “That was while you
were in winter quarters,yI presume?”

“Yes.” ‘ A

“You needn't particularize about the happenings of a
that time,” said the detective, “because inasmuch as
you have now left your winter quarters for the season a
and will not return to them until the close of it, I am  7
not particularly interested in that part of the occur».

.rences.”

tesome of the diﬂiculties you mention; but _

;what he intended to do be faxed himselfp a  I

i

99- who .was~_Matli§dai,maner"=né entirely, .§ th

 

“Well,” said Hindpaugh, “the fact remains that for  ‘
weeks before it was time for us to take to the road
the animals were disturbed night after night at about‘ , 7
the same-hour. Their keepers, and by that term ,I~1 7*‘
mean all of the men who have charge of the various?
animals during that period, were completely atia loss ‘
to account for those disturbances. ’ , . - vi _  ’

“Every night shortly after one o’clocl<' the tigers be;
gan an uproar which was gradually taken up,eli.ttle by,
little, by all the other animals in the rnenagerie, urixsil
it became almost a pandcmoniun-hand it reguifedt. ’
united efforts of all the men to calm them.  

“These men tried in every way to account for _ 
disturbances. but without avail, until at last orig. of
them, who had formerly acted as an assistant tofjim‘
Dumont. the tiger-tamer, happened to remember th
it had been almost the invariable custom vofghdilhe.
Slade to return to her quarters at about that hour each.
night when she‘ was alive. _ ' ‘ _ ‘ . 

' .“Without saying anything to his companions a

   
  
    
    
  
      
     
      
  
    
  
  

   
  

;l&‘eages where the tigers were kept, -andwai 
V‘ t to ,diseovér,,'if* possible. what it wasth‘ ﬁg.‘
» f‘His story,‘ as! have sinccfheard it, was tnjthe;.e/is
feet that hegwasroused from  slumber byith ,
easy .movenienf.s. of. tlioanimals near him: 
 to» his feet. hr.-.saw.tl.== ﬁzuresf a no “I .
patently. eiateﬁslize before his e>'°.sf=md‘- slide .

than yells   the as

   

   
   
     
  

   

    
   

 

 34; NEW NICK CARTER VS/I:i‘.EKLY.

illumination which appeared to proceed from her own
Wm“)!
“Phosphorescence,” said Nick.
The circus man nodded, but he did not change his
attitude or withdraw his eyes from the ceiling.
“Yes,” he agreed. “I thought of that, and to me
p, it seemed a very reasonable explanation of the phe-
nomenon; but you see, Carter, after all, it didn’t hold
water-—at least it doesn’t seem to have held any.” '
“What do you mean by that?” ‘
“I mean that Phillips, which is the name of the man
I am talking about, jumped forward as soon as he
saw the ﬁgure of the woman, and tried to seize her.”
“You mean,” said Nick, smiling, “that Phillips says
that is what he did.”
“Look here, Carter, I’m telling you this" tale just as
,it was given to me. I’m not vouching for the truth
of anything that came to me second-handed. Presently
I’ll get down to my own personal experiences, and
what I tell you then, I’ll swear to.”
"All right,” said the detective; “go on.”
‘ "Well, Phillips made a bluff at catching the thing,
or at least he said he did, and he swears by the beards
"of all his great grandfathers that he walked plumb
through the apparition, ﬁre, and sulfur fum , and all,
and came out on the other side, and never t uched it.”
The detective only shrugged his‘ shoulders at this;
he made no comment. ~
'“The,tigers set up a. howl at the same moment, and
it was taken up by the other animals as it had always
been before; the other keepers rushed in upon the
scene and they found—what do you think they found,
Carter?” , ' , . /
“Tgive it up, Adam.” .
“ ey found Phillips in a dead faint in the middle
. of the place, and’ it took two full buckets of water to
. pull him out of it.”
. _ “That was when he told the story of trying to grasp
the apparition, I suppose .7”: J
, “Sure thing. You see, the horror of it all, when he
tried to catch the ghost and couldn’t, knocked him silly,
and he collapsed.”
“Well. what more P”
I “I-"hillips,remained with us about two weeks longer,
 after which he quit my outﬁt and the show business
entirely. He’s janitor for a flat-house up-town in,
It   now.”  I
i ‘ “Are there many more stories of the kind that agree
‘ y with his P” asked Nick. ‘ y .
7‘Dozens of them, Carter. , I have told you Phillips’
story only because it comprehends nearly all of them.
,  Phillilﬁ’ was only one of the many who saw the ghost
 »  who had about the same experience with it.” ‘
” : “But, ,I’m to understand, an: I not, that at the time
 were nottold about it?” ' .
2 “No; "I wasn’t tolduhtil long afterward, and that
is wherethe trouble really began. If I» had been in.
R) I f in the beginning, I would have lcept the news
 affair from spreading among the others; but
"tnrned,outIwasthevei3{iastoneintheout£it

   
  
  
  
 
  

I

who received any information at all, and by the time
I was told, my people were so generally frightened
out of their wits that I couldn’t do anything to control
them. -

“You see, Carter, it was like this: After the ex-
perience that ,Phillips and the others had with the
ghost in the animal—house, the ghost was no longer
satisﬁed with doing so little. It began to appear in
the sleeping-rooms of different members of the troupe.
One woman would wake up with a scream and declare
afterward she had felt a cold and clammy hand passed
across her face; another would let out a yell in the
middle of the night and it would be found that she
had been pulled bodily out of her bed, by the sheet
being 'erl<ed from under her; others on returning to
their q arters would discover the outlines of the ghost
ﬂitting about mysteriously; and when I got back from
Holland where I had gone to purchase a few more
animals of the Hagcnbeck people, I found the very
deuce to pay. . -

“Of course I pooh—poohed the whole business. I
told the entire bunch of them that if I heard any more
about the ghost the person who mentioned it to me
would be discharged forthwith.

“But, bless. you, Carter, that didn’t make any dif—,
ference at all! It is true that for a time I heard
nothing about it; but I knew that they were discussing
the matter among themselves, and the result of it was
that just before it was time for us to leave our quarters
and start on the road, the whole bloomingoutﬁt came
to me in a body and swore that they would quit me en-
tirely unlcss something was done to stop the disturb-
ances.” '

“Well, what did you say?”  '.

“Why, Igave them the worst calling-down and
jacking—up that you everhcard of. I told them that
they were a parcel of fools to give any credence what-
ever to the existence of a ghost; I assured them that it
was only some fool-performer in the company who
was playing jokes on them, and I offered a prize of 8
thousand dollars to be paid in cash to the person who

would succeed in ﬁnding out who it was.” , I- ~«_

“Did that offer bring about any results?”

“Not a sign of one, Carter." ‘P —

“What did you do then?”

“I didn’t do anything at all except to assure them
that our winter quarters afforded especial facilities for
such jokes as I have described, and that as soon as we
got on the road the ghostwould have to give up busi-
ness'because there would be no opportunity left for
carrying it on.”

“wen ?n l’ ‘

“Carter, I was never more mistaken in my life.”

“You mean, I suppose, that the ghost continued
business at the old stand 3?.’ -

“You bet your life I”

‘(And that was how long ago?” , a

“We gave on first show a. week ago last Monday
aftemoon.” 3 . I

“And the ghost has been busy ever since ?”‘ ‘ ’

 

 

 NEW’ NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

“Busy! Well, I should say so.”

“You intimated a moment ago that you had seen
the ghost yourself.”

“I sure have.” t .

“And do you, Adam Hindpaugh, believe that you
have seen a ghost?”

“Look here, Carter, I'm not a blooming jackass——at
least, I don’t think I am.”

“What do you mean by that ?”‘

“I don’t believe in ghosts any more than you do.
I didn’t believe in them until I saw this thing that calls
itself a ghost, and I don’t believe in them now that I
have seen it; but, all the same, a lot of mighty queer
things have happened and are happening which I can’t
explain and which I have given up trying to explain.”

“Tell me about it.” ‘

“Millie Slade has been dead almost a year, and,
barring a few weeks, has been in her grave that long,
but I’ll tell you right now, Nick Carter, that no longer
ago than last night I personally saw Millie Slade just

, as plainly and distinctly as I ever saw her~in life; and
,. you can put it down in black and white that‘I’m telling
you no lie when I say it.” . _

“Where were you when you saw this thing?”

“I was in the room in this Garden which ‘Millie Slade
used for a dressing-room when she was a member of
this outﬁt.” "

A “How did you happen to be there?” _
. “How the dickens would I be there? I was waitin
“ for the.ghost.” , V
“Oh, you were on watch, were you?”
1’ ' >‘(I ms‘?!
Lwx “And you were expecting the ghost?”
" C’ “I was.”

' “And it must follow, therefore, that the ghost of
Millie Sgade knew that she was expected.” - _
 1.“! suppose so, if ghosts have ‘knowledge of goings
E on.” ‘ O V
 “ :“Why did you select her old dressing-room forthe

I place to keep watch?" . _

l   I had been told that it was the most likely
;.-Lplace foi‘.her to appear.” - _ / .

f ~ ' “Was last night the only time that you have seen
’ ’ i-ition?’_’ : ‘

l t the most recent appearance, and,_ therefore, thevmost
3 “ interesting, and thejreshest one in my memory.

 
 
   
   
     
   
  

 night, bggii-ming at the time when you determined
 inthat ioom for the appearance of a ghost.
’7'»‘That’s what I started in to do.:’ _'
f"‘§Vas the ghost dressed in white and enveloped in
 flames. 85 Y0“ 11*“ WW desmbed
ﬁn‘ ’ ;  i , . 0 P7: . ,
 when Phillips saw it. -
“lilo, it wasn’t.’’
éiiovv, then?” r ' ‘ ,
$he.e_ir_ciis man leaned‘forward and with slow cin-

o

       

 7 i .’“No, it wasn't; but I’m telling you about it as being A

 then, suppose you ‘relate your experience of '

“Because when I saw Millie Slade last night or the
thing that represented itself as Millie Slade, whether
it was ghost or woman, she was dressed exactly as she
was at the time of her death in the circus ring inside
this building; and do you remember how that was,
Carter?”

“Yes,” said Nick.

“Then,” continued Adam Hindpaugh, “you’ll recall
the fact that she was appearing at that time in dis-
guise, and had represented herself to be Madam Ma-
ritza and not Millie Slade.”

“I remember.” ~

“Good, well, that's how the ghost looked when I
saw it last night.”

 

CHAPTER III.
NICK CARTER PLANS A THRILLER.

It is always more, or less interesting to describe as
graphically as possible in words the doings of a sup-
posed ghost. but since modern incredulity positively re-
fuses to accept anything of the kind, we will not worry
tlielreader with the details of Adam Hindpaugh’s re-
cita .

Taken by itself and removed from Nick Carter’s
participation in the affair, the story of the ghost and
of what it did to frighten the men, women, and ani-
mals of Hindpaugh’s greatest show in the world would
ﬁll two or three numbers of these Nick Carter’s his-
tories. '

It became evident to the detective while he listened
to I-Iindpaugh’s story that there was no doubt at all
that some person or persons. revengefully disposed, or
possibly in the effort to carry out a master joke, must
be having unlimited fun with the show people. ‘

That particular night as described by Hindpaugli
had pretty nearly done for the proprietor of the circus
himself. 2

He had waited in the room where Millie Slade for-
merly dressed; and, as people invariably do in such
cases, had ultimately fallen asleep. _

If the reader will stop.to consider for a moment,

' he will rea 'ly determine that there can bi: no occasion

when drowsiness so readily. overpowers a person as
when waiting in concentrated suspense ‘for the appear-
ance of some particular thing, or for the happening
of some speciﬁed event. '

Such a men ultimately becomes in a manner self-
hypnotizeci): drowsiness and sleep are the natural con-
sequences of that condition. ‘ .

To a ‘consummate actor awaiting an opportunity to

perpetrate a scene such as this one was, the most ac- . ‘

ceptahle moment for-‘acting it arrives when the victim
has fallen asleep. . .. e '

Sliimb‘er so induced is always heavy at the begin-
ning of it.’. The "wits of’ a person thus overcome are:

to use a common phrase, wool-gathering and not eas- '

ily roused to mental activity. ,

. ‘Thus itwas.  himseli to-V, 

 

3.

 

 6A A NEW NICK ‘CARTER VVEEKLY.

Nick as being startled wide-awake by feeling a cold
and clammy hand slapped suddenly against his face.

He expressed himself as having leaped to his feet
more greatly startled than he would have believed pos-
sible; and as having discovered the ﬁgure.of Millie
Slade arrayed in the costume and dress of Madam
Maritza, facing him from‘ the opposite side of the

: room.
, Hindpaugh tried to be literally correct in his descrip-
tion of‘ the scene, but he confessed to the detective that
he was not entirely master of himself at the moment
and not wholly cognizant of what he did or did not
do.

He said that he started forward at a jump toward
the apparition; that it raised one hand in a repellent
gesture, and that he was forced to come to a pause
in the middle of the room despite his desire to ad-
vance; that the condition in which he seemed to be
held, half-paralyzed, lasted for a moment only, and that
then when he rushed forward a second time the appari-
tion backed out of his sight and seemed to fade into
nothingness before his eyes. ‘

He swore that there’ was no. curtain near that spot
behind which a woman could have concealed herself,

_ and that there was no door within ten feet of where
A the host disappeared.

e result of it was that Hindpaugh found himself
standing in the middle of the room, entirely alone,
and with no means of explaining, more than these pre-
ceding paragraphs have ‘done, what had happened.

Nick Carter tried to pin him down to a confession
that his experiences might have been the result of a

- dream, anclrconsequently that it was all due to his im-
agination, ﬁred somewhat by his fears and superin-
duced by the circumstances surrounding him at the
time.
' All this Hindpaugh emphatically denied.

He stoutly asserted that he was entirely in posses-
sion of his senses when he was aroused from sleep by
the blow from the moist hand, and that he was pre-
pared to swear before any tribunal in the world to

p the correctness of what he had related.
. And this was not the only time when like experi-
S ences had been met with by Hindpaugh himself.
T They were all more or less of the same character;
 invariably when he saw’the ghost it was immediately
after being aroused from sleep, as already described,
 and in much the same manner.
a .These’e 'ences had come to him in other places
; s q than the dressing—rooms described, but he had told that
A  to nobody at all until the occasion of this interview
 detective. V
_l ‘Always be had~'stoutly,asserted to_ the members of
, fhis troupe that he had never seen the ghost, and even
” ﬁQW,‘;'8lthDUgh they «knew that he had waited in the
‘ S ' .-room for its appearance, he denied to them
  

  
    
 
  
  
  
 

A _ L _ I _,   Carter,” he said
i_1n“oneof*hx,s staterneuts,  lam not ‘edisposed tor

   
 

many of the superstitions that go hand in hand with a
showmanis life, are mine, are engraved on my tough
hide, but belief in ghosts is no part of them. Person-
ally I am no more afraid of that ghost than I am of
you. Its appearance is uncanny and startling, but
reason overcomes any such fright, almost at once. I
am not concerned about my personal safety at all; the
thing that interests me is the number of dollars and
cents involved, for unless that ghost is laid, this season
is bound to be a failure.”

For the rest of his story he described in as graphic
_detail as he could the experiences of the others con-
nected with his show.

Boiled down to a few sentences, the ghost of Millie
Slade had been seen by nearly every member of the
company on many separate occasions and in widely
different places.

The animal-keeper who had succeeded Phillips swore
positively that the spirit of Millie Slade entered the
tigers’ cage every night at half-past one, and that he
had seen it there repeatedly inside the bars when there
was no possible way for a human being to get in or
out of -the cage.

All the company agreed that about half-past one
o’clock night after night the tigers roared and the
other animals howled.

Down where the horses were stabled the stories
were practically the same. The Arabian steeds for-
merly used by Millie Slade in her wonderful equpstrian
performances, had man times begun plunging and
rearing at about that hour of the "night, and were later
found to be trembling and sweating with terror.

The groom who had charge of them made oath to _

Nick Carter that he had been roused from his sleep
on two separate occasions to see the white-clad ﬁgure
of Millie Slade glide past him toward the stall of her
favorite horse, Selim; that hehad seen this apparition
leap to the back of the horse, which crouched almost to
its belly in terror and which acted almost human in
its fright. ,

Moumahd, the elephant—keeper, who, because of his

_ nativity and religious training, believed as thoroughly

in spirits as in the material, related with entire calm-
ness many occasions when he had seen the ghost 0
Millie ﬂitting about among his charges. '
He told with graphic detail how he had time after
time watched the doings of the ghost, but had made
no effort to approach it or interfere with‘. it, since he
knew positively that it was a ghost and would do
him no harm. His stories differed from all the others

in the strong point that at no time when he had seen '

the apparition had he felt anything approaching fear;
and neither, apparently, had the animals under his
charge. .

Nick did not know, or, at least, he had never heard,
that elephants alone among four-—footed animals are exi-
empt from fear of the supernatural. The story of
Mournahd, therefore, interested him more particularly
than,did.the manyrothers he heard. Moumahd ac.

 the whole affairtand eachoccurrence of it with 

.1

  

 1

‘NEW’ NICK CARTER VVEEKLY. -7

the utter calm of the Brahman; and almost with too
great degree of calm, the detective thought.

These different experiences are given. here in the
abstract for the purpose of establishing in the mind of
the reader a thorough understanding of the condition
that existed at the time Nick Carter took charge of this
case. '

A panic of terror had seized upon every person con-
nected with the show, from the manager down to the
hostler and tent-men, with the sole exception of

_ Moumahd; and it had imparted itself to the animals,
from the tigers down, to the monkeys, with the sole ex-
ception of Moumahd’s charges, the elephants.

These latter had never been known to‘ trumpet or to
exhibit that unreasoning terror for which elephants are
proverbial, and in this fact, Nick Carter felt, existed
the beginning of the explanation of the mystery.

’ Nick determined to observe l\Ioumahd closely.

The detective occupied the balance of "that day of
the interview with Hindpau h in passing around
among the performers and t e corps of employees,
using his intelligent methods of picking up detailed in-
formation, without giving the idea to those he ques-
tioned that he was seeking it. He talked with the ani-
ma"!-keepers’ and trainers, with the hostlers and the
equestrian performers, with the jugglers, tumblers, tra-

peze performers, and, in fact, everybody connected‘

‘ with the show; and by the close ,of that evening’s per-
formance believed that he had posted himself thor-
oifghly regarding the condition of mind under which
they were all laboring. ’

Heb satisﬁed himself that even a greater degree of
 existed than Hindpaugh realized; he convinced
Jiitnself that the members of the troupe were actually
, 0n',the point of leaving it en masse, with the possible

'¢3§¢.¢ptio_n-rof Moumahd, who was entirely undisturbed.
Just before the performance closed for the night the

.ds=tectivg‘: sought Hindpaugh and they went together

to the latter’; private oﬁice, where the interview had

occurred earlier in the day. .

. ,‘fWell,f? saidﬂindpaugh, seating himself and offer-

’ mg fhB'de.,tcctive,a,cigar. - “I suppose, Carter, that you

 havefgntythe whple thing down ﬁne by this time.’’ -

—‘'N0,’-’-83I’d Nick. .‘.‘.I,don-’ty think I have.”

, “What have you discovered?”

ii  “Merely this, Hinclpaugh: That every person ‘I have’

‘ _q:u¢§tioned not only upholds the btories you have told

,  but goes a whole lot further in their recitals." \

‘i i The showman nodded. aniii  grimly. ,
  Adam,” continue _t edetective, “ on; pg).
  weil satisﬁed that there is a ghogt among
I  bet your lifelthcy arel”, I

_."And ‘Ignite agree with.yout that the ghost must be

‘u

   
 
  
   
 

f attempt «to; convince your people by argument
$.9Vt‘isnotha1Inf€d-' :  '1 .~ ‘

.. may ‘. _ .

  

§  intend to ﬁnish out your seasonion the road." .

  up my, mind that it will be entirely 

 

“And so the only thing that remains to be doneis to
resort to carefully laid plans to unveil this mystery.”

“Right.”

“I have determined upon such a plan.”

“Good! I thought you would.”

“In making my inquiries to—day and to-night I have
been careful not to let it appear who or what I was.” '

“But there mustbe some people in this show who re-
member you.” ~ —

“Oh, yes, many of them remembered me; but I suc-
ceeded in making them believe that I was here only
because of my former interest in your show, and I pre-
tended that I heard about the ghost for the ﬁrst time
when they told me their story.”

“I see the point.”

“I have been asked dozens of times to—day not only
what I thought about it, but I have been requested to
do what I could to explain the mysterious appear-
ances.”

“I expected that would be the case,” said Hind-
paugh, nodding.

“To each request made I replied that I was already
engaged; and now,‘ Hindpaugh, I will tell you what I
wish to: do.”

" “Very well, what is it P”

“I want you to announce in blazing headlines to-
morrow that you have engaged the services of a hith-
erto unheard of tiger-tamer. You know better than
I could suggest how to emblazon every bill-board in
the city with the information.” '

“You bet I do!”

“Very well, then, I will be the new tiger-tamer. You
may give me any name on the bill-boards you are

pleased to select. The Oceanic is due to arrive at her,

dock about eleyen o’clock to-morrow morning, and I

want you, accompanied by some sort of an escort.

which will attract attention, to meet that steamer at
the pier in order to welcome the advent of your newly-
engaged tiger-tamer.’ Announce that fact, Hindpaugh,
then go to the steamer to meet the man. ' You 20:71 find
him awaiting you rhere—-and you ‘must leave the rest
to him.” . I

bug

CHAPTER IV.
EILARIO, -rnrs TIGER-TAMER.
There was more than the usual throng at the North

River pier to welcome the arrival of the huge. ocean:

liner when she swung in at her pier shortly after eleven

o’clock of the day following the conversation between ~

Nick Carter and Adam Hindpaugh concerning the cir-
cus ghost. ‘ I ’

‘  This crowd nits‘ attracted doubtless by  unusual
. spectacle of the miniature. circus parade. which had

also i to theipier to meet the steamship.

’ ;. A the way down through ‘the city from the 
to {the place. wherethe huge vessels docked, this ,_Pro-
  attracted unwonted attention, as Adam’

‘2

 

 
 

  

8 NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

Hindpaugh, acting under the suggestion of Nick Car-
ter, had hoped it would do. A

One of the smaller band-wagons was utilized for the
accommodation of several of the musicians, and this
was ﬂanked on either side by outriders gaudily capari-
soned, with four others in front and four more in the
T831‘.

Behind these came a gilded cage, in which three
tigers skilfully doped with anesthetics slumbered
peacefully, and only by an Occasional movement gave
evidence that they were alive and conscious.

Still behind this gilded cage was drawn another one,
to which six white horses had been harnessed, and this
latter cage contained only one animal, which, if the
public had been more observant, would perhaps have
been recognized as that famous tiger, Prince, once the
property of James’Dumont, the tiger-tamer, who was
murdered by Millie Slade; later the possession of Nick
Carter, the detective, and still later, by courtesy, in

, the possession of the zoological gardens at the Bronx

Park.

For this’ particular occasion, as arranged by Nick
Carter in his talk with Adam Hindpaugh, Prince had
been borrowed from the Park Commissioners; and it
is needless to say that Prince, unlike the tigers in the
cage ahead of him, had not been drugged.

Those of our readers who are familiar with the pre-

, vious history of this royal Bengal tiger will remember

that he was remarkable in his intelligence, strong in
his aﬂections, and had been made such a pet and com-
panion by his former owners that he had become as
docile and kind as a» regular domestic animal.

On that particular morning, while he was drawn
through the streets of New York City in his gilded
cage, Prince exhibited every sign of content and pleas-
ure, for the experience brought back to him unmis-
takably recollections of his former good times.

He seemed to enjoy the noise of the streets and the

, admiration of .the“crowdg that gathered about him, and
 hisyellow eyes blinked unceasingly, and with a mild

and wondering enjoyment, into the\human eyes they
encountered on the way. , ‘
Just back of this cage an open carriage, drawn by

 black horses, contained no less a personage than
5  proprietor of the circus and 'menagerie himself; our

‘red-headed, red-faced friend, Adam Hindpaugh.

A  journey from the g Gardento the pier attracted
ilmany of the  wondered what this ‘minia-
"' ,  paradecould mean, and when at last the cavalbade,
 "i_’f,itfma_ybe called such, stopped at the ‘pier, therewere
E ﬁérhaps pap  persons,  and men mostly,
  a_bou't‘it, who would ‘not otherwise have been‘
 to welcome the  of the steamer.

    
   
   

Had these curious persons paused to read what was
emblazoned upon the bill—boards of’ the city before they

followed after the procession, they would have discov-V

ered the conspicuous announcement posted in many
places which read:

“HILARIO, THE TIGER-TAMER.
“FIRST APPEARANCE IN THE UNITED STATES or
THE MOST FAMOUS WILD ANIMAL TAMER THE
WORLD HAS EVER KNOWN, WHO COMES TO AMERICA

T0 APPEAR WITH HINDPAUGH’S AGGREOATION OF _

VVORLD-w1DE WONDERS IN HIS UNEQUALED TIGER-
TAMING Acrs.

“HILARIO WILL ARRIVE ON THE
OCEANIC, VVHICH DOCKS AT ELEVEN
O’CLOCK THIS MORNING.

“EVERY MAN, WOMAN AND CHILD IN THE CITY OF.

NEW YORK SHOULD WITNESS THESE STUPENDOUS
AND AMAZING PERFORMANCES or HILARAO.”

The reader should understand that Nick Carter, in
pursuance of the plan particularly outlined in his talk
with Hindpaugh, had made quick arrangements with
the steamship company so that he could appear to ar-
rive in the city at the time mentioned, as if he had in-
deed come from abroad to keep the engagement with
the circus owner as thus announced. I
' To do this the detective had met the steamship at
quarantine, and after presenting a letter to the mptain
and purser of the ship signed by its New York agents,

‘had been afforded every facility for carrying out the

plans he had adopted. \

' One of the unoccupied suites of rooms was placed
at his disposal, and while theihugc ship was making its
way up to the city from quarantine, Nick Carm-
busied himself in arranging his disguise and the cos-
tume he was to wear when the vessel should dock, and
he should go ashore to be received by Adam Hind-
paugh. _

In this preparation he had merely darkened his skin
and adopted a costume that was half Hindu in its char.
acter. , V

The huge silken turban he wore 011 his head shone
and glittered with multitudinous jewels, and his long
gold-embroidered coat might well have graced the
shoulders of one of the richest maharajahs of India_

VVhen he descended the gang-plank.‘ the first to leave

the vessel by that means, he was closely followed by
three attendants, who seemed to he of his own nation-‘
ality, that is to say, Hindus. 311d W110 Were turbaned

and cloaked after very much the same style as his own,

although less richly and gaudily. '

If I -might havelpenetfatﬁi these three addi- H

/

I
u

 
 

 NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 9

tional disguises, we. would have recognized Chick and
Patsy and Danny, ‘the chauffeur, who had been im-
pressed into this service to render the advent of the so-
called tiger-tamer still more in keeping with the an-
nouncements that had been made.

As\Nick descended, followed by these three supposed
servants, Hindpaugh stepped forward" and met him
at the foot of the gangway, while the crowd that
had been permitted upon the pier gazed with consider-

" able wonder upon the spectacle of the multimillionaire
Hindpaugh bowing and scraping to one of his em-
ployees after a manner that was almost servile.

VVhen the greetings were over Hindpaugh turned
and led the way toward the street, and so presently they

. an-ii,-ed at the point where the band-wagonand‘ the
‘Cages and the open victoria were drawn up awaiting
them.
. Those who watched the scene noticed that the great
Hilario went dfréctly to the cage which contained the
royal Bengal tiger, Prince, aind, thrusting both hands
through the bars thereof, patted and fondled the wild
animal, scratching its ears and rubbing its jqwls, while
he seemed to whisper many wor.ds to the creature,
which was apparently overjoyed to welcome him.

, That done, Hilario returned to the victoria wherein

,Hindpapgh had already seated himself, and he rode
side by side _with\the circus owner from the dock as far

as W'a5hington Square. \

At the latter place, however, the procession stopped.
Hilario. left the Victoria, and, with three agile springs,
mounted to the top of the tiger’s cage, and then, hav-
ing Jpened a trap-door hitherto unseen and unnoticed,

uttered a command which caused.the tiger to leapto
I the roof of the vehicle beside him. a

‘ From the beginning of Fifth Avenue to the entrance

4 to the Garden the procession continued in this man-

her, with Nick Carter irrhis character of Hilario seated

_, upon 3 53901 on top of the cage, with_ the tiger, Prince,

’ ~c‘;-ouched beside him, save when the animal occasion-

 ally arose, at a wordof command from his loved.mas-

  to move about thenarrow space. ~ .

‘  why, this strangely assorted procession was ma-
, king its way froin ﬁre steamship to the Garden, scores
of boys were-busily engaged in the crowd that followed
':[it, as well as in the other parts of the city, in distrib-
liitig,-hand-bills,_ which had. been-prepared by'Adarn
Vjﬁindpaugh . without consultation with.‘ Nick Carter,
" {[1,} from ‘his perclfon the roof of the
 by signaling to’
S   in  once! the 2

.«I

  

  
   
 

  
 

;" 7  3
, , _ :" \.iV)‘'?‘':-V‘‘ ',_

hand-bills, which he read with considerable interest
and some amusement, and not entirely without annoy-
ance. ’

Adam Hindpaugh, in preparing these bills, had had
in mind only the ﬁnancial end of the project; he had
foreseen that such an announcement as he made there
would greatly attract many persons who might other-
wise have remained absent from the rest of the per-
formances that week.

In a word the announcement contained a résumé of
the events, now a year old, which began with the mur-
der of James Dumont and closed with the tragic death
of Millie Slade in the middle ring of the circus.*

But more than that. it recited something of the story
that has already been ,told here about the ghost. .

It did it after a manner which could not be harshly
criticized, but it nevertheless gave out the impression
that there were many people connected with the circus
who thoroughly believed that Millie Slade’s ghost had
come back to haunt it.

It told how, at certain hours of the night, ‘the horses
that she used to ride became uneasy, and the tigers
which her former husband tamed and with which he
had performed, growled and roared and otherwise con-

"ducted themselves as if possessed by fear of the super-

natural. \
But the announcement went still further. _ A
It proclaimed in the closing paragraph that Hilario
had formerly been a friend and companion of James
Dumont, and therefore of Millie Slade, and that Hi-

lario and the murdered tiger-tamer had studied their

professions together; and, last but not least, in capital

letters the announcement was mad; that Hilarib had .

been induced at 'very great expense to comelto America

and to appear with Hindpaugh’s circus not only as a .‘

tiger-tamer of unequaled abilitiesfbut for the express
purpose .of “laying” the ghost of Millie Slade.

, A circus man who knows his business as Hindpaugh
knew his, never permits an opportunity to escape him
where, by advertisement, he can add to the interest of
the public irL_tl'lc show he exhibits. .. -

Hindpaugh had seen in this opportunity suggested, ‘ A

by Nick Carter the chance to induce extra thousands
who would otherwise not have‘attended his perform-
ance to come and pay their admission fees. .

He had, by this clever bit of display and adverti- ‘

sing, reminded that public, which would otherwise have.

. forgotten, of the ‘former existeneeof fames Dumont,

and of the exciting  connected with the year.
old uigagenient of th¢‘¢51'€“.S in the City of New York;

*See  634 and 635 of the lite: CA:-In Want.
'. g. ‘V: -‘ ’A _~  i ’,' ' . I

\ J‘

 
 

 

 IO

and when at last Nick Carter sprang from the top of
‘the cage inside the Garden, and motioned to his three
supposed servants, who had ridden up-town on the top
of the other cage, to follow him, he realized that some-
what unthinkingly he had taken upon himself a much
larger contract than he had anticipated.

But he was in for it now most certainly.

He was billed to/appear that night at the Garden as
“Hilario, the imported tiger-tamer.”

 

CHAPTER V.
Mouunnn, THE ELE1=HAN;r,MAN.

V Adam Hindpaugh had correctly speculated upon the
- possibilities of his advertising methods.
. The perfomiance at the circus that afternoon was
jammed,.and when evening came hundreds of people
‘ were turned away from the doors, unable to gain ad-
mittance because of the lack of seating capacity. i
’At both’ of these performances‘ Nick Carter ap-
peared in his character of Hilario, and although he did
nothing which could be regarded as in the least won-
derful, his performance with Prince met with decided
favor, and, taken all together, his advent into the cir-
cus arena seemed, to make good all of Hindpaugh’s
- promises for him. .
Prince, always docile and sagacious, went through
V: his §€V_eral stunts with credit to himself and to his mas-
‘ ter, and the performances passed off favorably—at
least as much so as the detective had calculated they
would. -

if '  For in reality Nick Carter had not speculated upon

aceornplishing any part of r his purpose at these per-
for’nFianoes,; or“ during" them, or because of his con-
nection with them. ‘ ' . ‘
On the contrary he had ‘made his association with
the circus people, in the character of Hilagio, merely
a means of becoming one with them, so that he could
 live among them unsuspected for what he really was,
" fandso have an opportunity to study out the mystery
 the appearance of the ghost, which other-
 .;wise‘would have been impossible. * "i

O

" 1‘ " Itniay seem to thereétter like a verysimple affair tb-

..  the energies and abilities of such a man as Nick

    
  
    
 

*‘Car1;e:r; butpcwhen you; take ieintoconsideration the fact
 the mystery -were_ solved Adam Hind-

 broughtithe easeupeto one that would
  '5 murder.

   

paugh?s  wouldbe-an utter failure the importance '
 may be realized, and the amount of the ‘

  
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

From the very start the detective realized that in or-
der to get to the bottom of the affair he must associate
with the performers themselves; he must be able to cir-
culate among them after the performances were over,
and when their professional duties were not demanding
their attention. ‘

The detective from the beginning had strongly sus-
pected a plot of some kind behind all this ghost busi-
ness, although what it was or what it might portend
he could neither imagine nor conjecture.

After the audience had ﬁled from the auditorium at
the close of the evening's performance, the supposed
Hilario retired to his dressing-room rather fatigued by
the exertion of his ﬁrst day as a tiger-tamer, and de-
termined to utilize that very night in ﬁnding out as
much as possible about the ghost that haunted the cir-
cus and its people.

. Our attention has already been called to Moumahd,
the elephant-tamer, who alone among them all, seemed
to be undisturbed by the apparition, and whose charges
were likewise indifferent to the appearance of the ghost.

Moumahd never left his charges very long at a time.
He even slept with them in their quarters, always lying
in close proximity to a big elephant called Moujik,

‘which watched over him unceasingly, and which

showed every sign of displeasure if any person ap-
proached too near while Moumahd was sleeping.
That night as Nick went toward his quarters, for he
had been assigned to a sleeping—place inside the Gar-
den, he paused near the elephants, and spoke to Mou-
mahd in the Hindustanee tongue. 

To N ick’s surprise, the Hindu elephant-tamer, after it

bestowing a malevolent glance upon him, slowly turned
his back withdut answering, thus indicating, for some
reason unexplained, that the man was resolved to have
nothing to do with his own countryman, as Nick surely
appeared to be. - ’

The detective,..somewhat puzzled about this conduct
on the part of Moumahd, made a second effort to talk
with him; but this time the man moved deliberately
away from the supposed Hilario and by every gesture
of which he was capable indicated that he had no wish
for conversation of any kind.

With’ a shrug of his shoulders the detective passed
on to his own quarters, where his three assistants, now
acting in the capacity of servants, awaited him. .

, It will be remembered by those who are conversant 
with the Nick Carter histories that Chick is almost as
adept at languages as hisehief, and that he speaks Hin-

dustanee Quite as wellas Nick Carter himself.

I

 

 NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“Chick,” said the detective, when he had closed the
door, “haveyou particularly noticed any member of the
circus company?” .

“Not especially,” was the reply.

“Have you seen the man Moumahd, the elephant—
tamer, at all?” ,

“Yes;'certainly' I have.” _

“Have you spoken to him 3”

“Yes,” replied Chick. “I have spoken to ‘him, but
not with him. The fell5w wouldn’t answer me. Either
he doesn’t understand his own lingo, or else he doesn't
care to converse with people who do.”

“Go out and try it on him again,” suggested the-

detective. _
“What’s the use? He won’t speak to me. I’ve tried
it twice already.” ‘ l ‘
“Neve,-thdess do it again, and then come back and
tell me about it.” ,
Chick, obedient to the suggestion, left the room. He
was gone less than quarter pf an hour, and was laugh-

ing when he returned. ‘ , _
“It’s no use, Nick,” he said, as he seated himself.

"Moumahd will have nothing to do jvith me.”

“\~Vouldn’t he answer Y0“ at 3“?

“Not a word.” i

“What did he do?" _‘ ”

. “He scowled, turned his back, and moved away.

“Can you suggest any reasons for his actions,
‘Chick .>" ' -

“Only one.”

“What is that?”

“Well, if I should make a rough guess at it, I would
be inclined to the opinion that Moumahd is not at all
What he,appears to be.” .

s , “Eh ,? What do you mean by that?”

“I mean that.I don't believe he is any more a Hindu
that we are'Hindus.” —

“By Jove, Chick,'I shou1dn’t wonder if you were
 right about that.” - .
 61¢’,  own idea, Nick, that he doesn’t understand
,. a _‘iw'rd.¢’f Hindustanee, and that he is here in disguise,
 them. .. wearé.” .

L6 f The detectixe turned to Danny. '
, ' “1’y§am you to go and ﬁiid Hindpaugh and tell him
"to-ciiune ‘hereas, soon as possible. If hejhas left the
 follow ‘him and “tiring him here,” he said.

 later, W119“ .
.   V‘ . in the doorway, Nick asked him:
A ""]},,,‘g;'—;,g3,,Mbmuahd ,been»working for you P"

g-he

    
   
   
   
 

the bitrly form of Adam V

  ‘  in the middleyofj the winter just ;

:1

“Did you knowanything about him before he came
here?” . I
“Nothing beyond the recommendations that he
brought.”

“Vt/ere they all right?”

“Sure; otherwise I wouldn’t have taken him.”

“He’s supposed to be a Hindu, isn’t he ?”

“Sure thing, Carter."

“Has he proved himself a fairly good man with the
elephants?”

“I can say that I never had a better one.”

The detective looked at his watch and said:

“It is almost midnight now, Hindpaugh. Where
would we be apt to ﬁnd Moumahd at this particular
time?”

“Oh, he won’t be very far from his pets. He’s just.

about getting ready to turn in.”
“Very good. I want you to take me to him right

now, if you will. I-want you to do it with the air of a;

sudden resolution to make us acquainted; and when
you take me into his presence I wish you to introduce
us in about these words: ‘Moumahd, here is a country-
man of yours, and I want you two to be good friends,‘
and when you /have said that much, Hindpaugh, I want
you to leave us alone together.” _ —

“All right. VVhat’s in the‘wind, Carter?”

“Oh, nothing in particular, only I want to have a
direct introduction to Moumahd.” '

“Do you suspect that he has anything to do with the
ghost business?” 4 _ .

“I’m not suspecting anything, Hindpaugh, as yet. I
want to know Moumahd.”

The detective followed the circus owner from the
room, and they traveled half the circuit of the huge
building, underneath the main floor of it,‘ before they
arrived at»the elephants’ quarters. I‘

Moumahd was squatted in true Hindu fashion
among his half-dozen pets and within ten feet of the

spot where the huge elephant Moujik was standing. " ”

Hindpaugh, energetic as ever, stepped rapidly for-

Award, a few,’ feet in advance of the detective, and did ,

not pause until he was within two yards of the ele-
phant-trainer. Then he spoke quickly:

“Moumahd.” he said, “I want to introduce Hilario

to you. You twofellows come from the same c'oun~*»
try and speak the same lingo, and I want you to be 

good friends. That’s all; I’ in a hurry. Good
‘,night.” I ‘ - s

 

He  on his heel and left “them, , and  In  I

,,spIéruieg,x:, in the enibroidered coat ﬁnd jeweled turban A

\

 C
I

 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
    
   
   

T he had not removed, stood for a moment gazing

it -iiiown« upon Moumahd, who made no motion whatever,

‘ . aindwho had not indicated by so much as a lifting of

lids‘ of his eyes that he was aware of the presence

9%: any other person near him.

 559Well, Moumahd,” said Nick, in ‘English, ‘Thave you

V  greeting for me?”

j”‘M,m1mahd raised his eyes slowly-at this, and replied

int: drawling, rather eﬁeminate voice:

2".“.W'hen youspeak the language of America I will ,

agmzerse with you, but I am under a vow for seven

 not to speak my native tongue.”

 seven years you will forget it, Moumahd,” said

 laughing.» M - e ‘

‘It were better that'I should forget it,” was the sol-
;reply,' i l i

Sit?" it

 .s.reason,iotherwise I would not haye taken
h3pS,”  Nick; “you have .already forgotten

 

,.”haps.n ‘:7 g V M! V  y g .

' was met because If \-gait‘ Hilario, the tiger-

you refused to. spcakigto rue a moment ago,

was only  I taddtessed you in Hindusw
tthateorrect?’ ,, -  *    

, 3

, fstill ,!-Pﬁaking  Engilishiir
   
I .   . ,  ‘Ki  V irlly! . "I

1)"

   

  
 
 

 hritigedftii; seminar

 , , ,_

 

 A NEW. NKEK CARTER WEEKLY.

.‘ On the contrary he turrned deliberately 
, detective, and, as if he had not heard the word at all, —.
lg df,§his.shi tilde}; tiurneditoward 
erch"iwas,'n£arf) ar3d,,itl1~‘—’.31. with a’ 

on tiheininsiianh, “You are not ‘even a Hindu, 161;.
  do not-understand‘ the Hindustanee tongue, Yqu’re  _
  fraud of the1ﬁrst‘W3i¢1f:lM°“Tﬂ3hd‘ 1: ;,.N:°W_.’\¥ l ’

.._.m.

made him start backward quickly, and he noticed as he V .
did so that the small pig-like eyes of the elephant were
glittering ominously, while at’ the same time the huge
trunk of the beast was slowly rearing into the air.

Realizing that he was at the moment in some dan-
ger, the detective steppedﬁhastily backward, and as he
did so managed to place himself directly behind Mou-
mahd; and then he uttered a cry of -warning in Hin-
dustanee, which he had determined to use in applying
the test. ,_, t .

It is only one word, although translated into English
it is expressive of many. , i

It sounds, when uttered, as if it were spelled c-u—a—p-
t-o—'j-a—h-t, and it mear_1s,if it were translated by one
word, “Beware!” But in reality it means much more
than that. It means “Beware, for you are in danger ‘"3
of sudden death;rof that sort of sudden death which
'will murder your soul and prevent you from, entering i
the realms of Nirvannah.” . ‘_

It is'ai word calculated to startle any Hindu almost
out of his ﬁve senses, Vandif uttered loudly and guiddy Y
in a voice of affrightririto the ear of such a lmanglwili g

’ cause him, no matter what his surroundings, may be, to

start with terror. ‘ p , A V
'Moumahd, however, when Nick Carter uttered the; V
cry sharply in his ear, ‘paid, no heed to it whatever; i

 
 

remarked: f . ,  V V — L ~ .  .,_
“You stepped back‘ out of , reach just   
wise Moulikemight 113% hurt Y0u."i e  i T 1  e e

V  extrema VI. - y
 fa nor rnsrmz rrmf snow. 

~ “Mot3rnahd,you’re amt» er-tclaimedtheﬂi  "

‘ .

     
  
 
  

' ""v--'...

i.

     

    

A f,the.‘eief§haxit;tamer‘i

  

NEW Nick CARTER WEEKLY.

 "in a language which the detective _did not understaxid,
_‘but the consequence of it was that the huge beast
charged down upon him at once, darting his trunk for-‘
[ward with all the fierce ‘energy for which that great
 awkward beast is proverbial .

 
  
   
   
    
      
        
    

this life must have paid the forfeit then andniere; even
as it was hewas swept from his feet by the prehensile’
‘trunk, and only for the fact that he happened to be
h9}d§n'g an opcn penknifein his hand at the_mome'“nt,
 that he thought to use it in the only way it could
‘have been used to bring about his release, he must have
V  dashed to death on the hard floor of the building.
t V The trunk shot out like a huge ﬁnger; it wound itself
‘round the body of the detective and lifted him ii-om
 ground, and.then, just as his feet lost their. hold
 the earth, Nick remembered the open penkmfe he
 in his ‘hand and he struck with it. ‘

is well known that the trunk is

   
  

the srnost tender.

  

’ 5,313,. particularly near the end of it; ﬁnd Whffﬂi the
l5%lade‘of the little knife penetratedthe tender ﬂesh the
igggphgm for just one instant relaxed its hold upon the
,]:g}}y;a\f itsintended victim. p
M It  an instant only, but”it' wassufﬁeient. _
detective, feelinghimself released, SP"3“8',3W3Xv,
l ‘ : knQw{'ing‘Vﬂ]iaVtAthe_ now thbroughly enraged beast
if  fasegritlj-,«iunless restrained, Nick adopted
‘ fxhidi Vforesaremust bring about the instant
  i . Theasfs ~master‘.  V * s 
isprang-away‘fr’om the maddened. beast he
i poi: Moumahd and hurled him towardthe ele-
K lggmgnowing thatit would not injure its master.
’ ‘  A‘  matter how enraged they may. he

  
  

    
 
     

  

i;1';§_m, theaters, but never by accident. .01‘ 11¢?
‘  enriagedfat another; person. . vs

V. tm.§{q’—..:he, 1_uan.»:al;:iost’;  _ V g
3' dgthen; astheranipmald trumpeted‘ and

-- adizagice upon, the p’detecti.ve, _'N1ck
pt 7 §i)ra:1g**di!'ectly.Qve‘1?':1h¢,t0p‘ of the
’ r 5:mp§ngi‘.,Id;pm§d.agy_’land in three more
 fmid  iisro-an%=!’.-the  of

l l srtiigbiiilciiiigai:~.;=jr, i‘ 
to  l>y;§..further*,§i§1*t :5.

  

ust

 Had Nick Carter been less on his guard than he was, V

 51 the elephant’; body. It is extremely sensitive i

' not guess.

;€g‘—~:g er fo’}5get~»itheir masters. Sometimes»

‘ Mosimahd and iﬁréehim itéwardiifiiii  
‘ ’ " heaghlthefeetvof 

I3

So quick had been his own motions that he turned in
time to see Moujik stop in its onward rush; and it
stopped when its forefeet had already passed over the
body of its prostrate master; then its wounded trunk,
still bleeding from the jab that thedetective had given
it with his penknife, descended quickly but accurately,
and with the tenderness of a mother lifting a child

from the ground it raised Moumahd from the ﬂoor o£..~ " ’ 

the place and deposited him tenderly upon a heap of .i
straw that was near at hand.

All its own pain was forgotten in the animal's con- -
cern for its master. ‘ _ 5 _
It acted almost human in its alarm for Moumahd. M 

It seemed, to be entirely forgetful of its late ragef.

against the stranger it had been ordered to attalzk.

But Mournahd was not injured; he was not even un-
conscious; he had only remained perfectly motionless

until the animal should recognize him and, therefor
Znot injure him ; that was all. i A
, M The moment the beast picked him up and he lmewpf
that Moujik recognized him, he began to’  it ins
low tones and still in that language which the detc_:cti,ve
did not understand, and the identity of which he coals‘

  
      
 
    
      
   

1 And, the elephant was strangely quieted at once.‘ ‘
 It Seemed to understand everything that wasisaid to
it in that strange tongue which the detective could 
fathom—and then, while Moumahd talked to it ‘easiest-
ingly he also busied himself in administeringtojth
wound it had received. _  7  — c
He staunchedv the flow or blood and bound
wound, all the fwhile, whispering to the ‘eleph, _
that the detective could not hear, even had he been abl
to tsunderstandi; and the beast graduallyl became 
and passive as it had been before the »detective,;na§i
his appearance. ' _ l . _ . 7 ‘Q Hi
. Nick. from his place of concealment. watch'ed;h
by-play narrowly, for‘ the surmised that it 
something, against; hiifnselfg ;He began ;to,doul5t.‘i£
hadbeen wise in permitting Maumahcl, to  l
was ‘suspected. “ Qn tl!¢.0th6!'; hand,‘ "it "Was  
Niclé Cart.er’s,int'éntieri __remain— long on  i
la: easel He wishe'd1.tj- bring matters to
“soon as‘13os§ible,,forihtfj<3idi'n9* ca,re"t<?_> re,‘ ; -
circus thé;cl3ar::!‘ct¢1' 99$ *i8'°l’?.t3‘m5°i'_.i8l13f\q . V

     
      
 
   

  
 
    
      
      
   
      
 
 
 
  
  
     
 
 
 
  
 
   

  
   
   
      
  

  

  
  
  
  

s:‘.'.""i*.‘i’.“i‘?'.°:*“»l_i°".i  : ~

    
 

 

 !14

The interior of the building was as quiet as it ever
is as Nick made his way slowly back to the room where
he had left his companions; and not a little to his sur-
prise he discovered that Hindpaugh had returned there
to wait for him.

The showman exclaimed, as soon as Nick entered the
room '

“Well, Carter, I thought I’d wait for you. I wanted
to hear how you and Moiimahd made out together.”
“You would have done better to have gone straight
home about your business, and leave me to my duties,”
replied the detective, ‘somewhat ‘ungraciously. He did
not want Hindpaugh there to interfere with his actions
that night. i
“Nonsense; I am going in a moment. How did you
two chaps pull it off? Eh?”
, “Not very well,” was the laconic reply.
“He doesn’t seem to cotton to you—not so’s you
could notice it, eh?”
“No.”
“What’s the matter with him?”
“I .don’t know.”
“Maybe he doesn’t want any more of his own coun-
trymen about him?” '
“That is about the size of it, I think,” replied the de-
tective. V
“Did he talk his lingo with you ?”
V "_ “No..”,«
“Didn’t.he talk at all 2”
“Oh, yes, a little; but not much.” . ,
“Hurnphl That’s odd. \Vell, do you want anything
‘more of me to-night, Carter?” 5’
“Yes. ‘One thing, Adam.”
“What is it?” -I
, “I=.,want‘iyou to go home—if you have got one to go
to. Have your?”
'‘ Z The showman laughed heartily.
V “That is one manner of kicking a fellow out of his
I I 5 pwn place of business,” he replied. “Yes, I have got
:_>i a place to go to, that I call home for want of a better
 Eterm. I’ll go right away, Carter, since you don’t want
i  gmeyhere; but the fact is I remiined here because I had
'*-'.s’(:;rnethin’g to tell you which it seems to me you ought
_.‘_— to hear.‘ At least I wouldn’t forgive myself -for not tell-
 you, if anything happened and ”
  arefyou talking about, Hindpaugh ?”i asked
  when the showman hesitated.
 you stepi outside  me for a moment?”

 
 
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
 

  

,.

1.

 yraziagma tliejowneri aim. gum... am?

 

NEVV NICK CARTER _WEEKLY.

the corridor outside the room, and there Hindpaugh

turned and half-whispered:

“The fact is, Carter, I heard something a little while
ago that has disturbed me. I thought that possibly
you ought to know about it.” -

“What was it ?” asked the detective.

“It happened just before you sent that assistant of
yours after me to tell me that you wanted to see me.”

“Yes.”

“You know, perhaps, that I am always nosing

around the place wherever I am showing, to see for .

myself what- is going on? I like to know how the men

are doing things, and if there is any undercurrent of ‘

feeling anywhere about in the outfit.”

“Yes. I understand.”

“I am not above listening to any conversation I
chance to have an opportunity to overhear, provided I_
get the idea that it will be beneficial to my show to do
so. The fact is, I have quelled many a disturbance in
that manner, and—well, I don’t believe in eavesdrop-

, ping as a general thing, but in this business—you un-‘

derstand ?”

“Yes.”

“Just before you sent, for me I had been down among
the teamsters ; that is, down where they are in the habit
of foregathering. .See ?”

“Yes.” '

, ‘.‘There were two of the teamsters talking in low
tones together, and, oddly _enough, they are a pair
which I have noticed as being rather eompanionable
with Moumahd, the elephant—trainer. I think, too, that
they are about the only people in the outﬁt to whom
he has had more than half a dozen words to say at any
time since he has been with us. He isn’t a communi-
cative cuss.”

“No. I have noticed that,” smiled the detective.

“VVell, I don’t think I would have noticed those fel- I

lows at the time if it hadn’t been for the fact that I
overheard the mention of your‘ name. It was that
which brought me to a stop and made me listen.”
“And you heard—what ?” .
“Nothing muchyonly the fact that you are known
here; at least, to them.”

“Do you mean that they connect Hilario, the tiger-
tamer, with Nick Carter, the detective?" v

u ' “Just that.”

“Are you positive about it, Hindpaugh ?”
“Quite.” ’

“Then it follows, doesn't it,‘ that Moumahd lenew

who I was all the time when_I was talking with him ?”' .
“Sure thing; at least that is the way I size it up.’.’

k_,‘,

 

 “Humph!” said the detective. He was thoughtful
for a moment, and then he said: “I don’t think, under
the circumstances, that the ghost will walk‘to—night;
but it‘ 'wouldn’t surprise me if something else were
doing around these quarters, Hindpaugh.”

“What, for example?” ‘

“I don’t know. I’ll tell you a little secret, however.
Moumahd has already tried to kill me once to-night.
I shouldn’t a bit wonder if he tried it again before
morning." '

 

CHAPTER VII.

THE MENAGERIE BREAKS LOOSE.

For more than an hour after Nick Carter returned
I to the room where he had left his three assistants while
he talked with Hindpaugh they remained there to-
getber smoking and chatting over the events Of the
day, and ‘ it was not until the hour was approaching
three dclgck in the morning that the detective decided
that probably nothing would be done that night by the
plotters against the peace and well-being of the circus
outﬁt.‘
'  Usually‘ the so-called manifestations of the ghost
were made about two o’clock in‘ the morning or shortly
’ thereafter, and as the hour had passed, and particu-
larly inasmuch as Nick Carter was now satisﬁed that
Moumahd, the elephant-‘trainer, had identiﬁed him as
the we11.known detective, he felt that at least this night
_' would be permitted to pass without the happening of
any particular event. I '

rectedthem to compose themselves to rest for the bal-
ance of the night, but announced that before retiring
‘,’himself he would make one more touriof the place in
order to ascertain by his own observation that all was

In order to understand Just what happened there-

’ A after some sort ofia description of the interior of the
A f Garden is necessary. I

I I
.

The circus, of course, and the performances that.

it . Went with it, took place on the main ﬂoor of the build-
} E," g, but beneath ‘this strongly-built and cemented ﬂoor
1 wbaéeinent of isufﬁcient depth to accommodate not
, ‘only thgiicanimals‘ that go with the menagerie, but the
 on viiieets which .are intended to house them.

 ‘ At,oth'eg'-  of the year, the same department of
are building is utilized for the stabling of horses, and,
massed», it is oommOdi01!3 in every .r’esrx;ct'save 036-
 ¥*ﬁ<‘t11.°l'i>*aé° in it: » . it I; .  
 ‘qt?!’ pl-_ee_ll_ar, IS a circular

   
   
  
   
  

I H: / \

After saying as much to Chick and Patsy, he di-r

ésr

 

NEVV NICK CARTER \\"EEKLY. 15

one, built all the way around the center, from which
the earth and rock have not been excavated; that cen-
ter, of course, supports that part of the auditorium
where the three rings are located during a circus per-
formance and where all exhibitions take place during‘
any show that is held at the Garden.

The quarters to which Nick Carter and his compan- ’

ionshad been assigned were located directly above the
tigers’ cages‘, at the south side of the building.

To enter the basement it was necessary for the de-
tective to traverse the distance of half a city block
before arriving at the stairway which would lead him
to the basement, and this stairway, which he ﬁnally de-
scended, was located at the southeast corner of the
structure. A

The elephants over which Moumahd had control
and care were stationed in the basement at the north-
west corner of the building, and therefore the detect-
ive -had his choice, when he descended the stairs, of
approaching the place either by ﬁrst passing around
the east side and then the north side or taking directly
opposite that course by traversing ﬁrst the south side
and then the west. ‘

He chose the latter unthinkingly, but doubtless be-
cause of a subconscious recollection,of the fact that it
would take him past the cages where the tigers were
conﬁned, and these, as we have already said, were_lo-
czited about half-way of the distance between the west:
ern and eastern extremities of the building.

As the detective entered the basement from the,stair-
way the place was almost dark, for along the entire

length of that corridor only two lights were shining,

and both were low-powered incandescent, lights, ren-
dered even more dim by their globes of ground glass,
which had gathered upon them thick coatings of dust.

. Nevertheless there was suﬁicient light for him to see

indistinctly, and he had taken not more than a dozen,

paces-in advancing along the corridor when he stopped
suddenly, impressed by the idea that he had caught
sight of a ﬁgure that glided across the open space
from one side of the corridor to the other. The sight
of it had been so indistinct that he was not at all cer-
tain, but he paused and waited, determined to be in no

haste and to let nothing escape him which might be of-

aid in the project he had in hand. »
He withdrew to one side and waited several nio-

rnents, but, seeing no further, sign of human presence

in the corridor, he began to advance again, slowly this

time, léeeping»a‘s closely as possible to the cages beside 

him in order to remain as much, in the shadow himself
astiossible. ‘  pl ' L .\ ‘ L

x_.,
.\'

 

 I5 - NEVV NICK. CARTER. VVEEKLY.

In this manner he advanced the entire distance that
had separated him between the stairway and the tigers’
cages, and here he paused suddenly, astounded by what
he saw.

Prince, being a guest of honor, so to speak, had been
accorded a cage by himself and the other tigers, those
with which Prince had formerly performed under the
management of Jim Dumont, occupied two adjoining
cages, each of which was separated into compartments
by barred partitions. - J

The thing that Nick Carter discovered as he ap—

proached these cages and which caused him so much .

astonishment, was the fact that the first one of them

was empty. A

___At night, when the tigers were ﬁnally disposed of in

thisparticmar cage, they were separated by partitions

as aforesaid, and as Nick approached two of the ani-
' mals should have occupied the ﬁrst compartment and

there should have been one tiger in each of the others.

But the cage was empty; the four tigers had disap-
peared; the doors of the rear of the cages were swing-
ing open, and it was evident at once that some person
had wiIfully_released the animals.

The detective had no doubt then that it was one of
these he had noticed when he had ﬁrst entered the
basement, thinking it the figure of a human being who
was ﬂitting about.

The second cage had not been disturbed, nor did the

V tigers that were within show any uneasiness, as should
have been the case had they noticed the liberation of
A the other tigers, or hadrany person approached near
V them whose scent they did not recognize. -
’ . It must be remembered that a wild iihimal recog-
nizes, a person__with whom it -comes in contact not by
thepsense of sight, as we humans do, but by the sense
i of sniell always. V

i The two facts, then, that the first one of the,tiger-
 cages had not only been opened but was entirely empty,
 P and that the second one still contained its prisoners,
 ;h0WCV€l', did not show any signs of uneasiness;
., "were sufficiently disquieting; but the additional fact
  the third of these cages, which was devoted to
i the soleoccupancy of Prince, was also open, ﬁlled the

” fdetective with additional surprise. ' P , V
_ _  door of this latter cage, unliée the others, was in

 
    
  
 
 
  

 

  \
  turning his head

PM  ajar,_arid Prince was stand— .
,‘ingf_i_:ust wit ‘n ma:   his headand fore- ;

from side to side, as if himself amazed that he should
be set at liberty at that hour of the night; as if he did
not in the least understand ‘it, and was looking about
him for an explanation, precisely as a huge pet dog
might have done; and instantly Nick decided that the
ﬂitting shadow he had seen upon his descent into the
basement had not been that of one of the animals, but
was the person who had been so busily engaged in set-
ting the tigers at liberty. '

It was evident that that person had discovered Nick
Carter perhaps at once and while in the act of opening
the cage door to liberate Prince after setting the other
animals free. i

Before moving forward again Nick Carter glanced
hastily around him to discover if there was any sign of
the escaped animals, but, seeing none, he stepped for-
ward quickly to close the door of Prince's cage.

Prince, however, did not wait for him, but, recog-
nizing the master he loved so well, he sprang from the
platform of his cage to the ground and crouched at the
feet of the detective, evidencing by every outward sign
he was capable of exhibiting the pleasure he felt at see-
ing Nick Carter there. '

It was just at the moment when the Bengal tiger
crouched beside Nick Carter on the\ floor, purring
softly, that a wild uproar began far ahead of where
they were standing down the corridor and around the
turn toward that ,portion of the basement where the
elephants were located. I

It began by the loud trumpeting of one/of the huge
beasts; it was followed by the-scream of a horse in
pain, and it was instantly taken up by one after another
of the animals until it seemed by common consent they
had all united in a pandemoniac din at the same in-
stant.

Prince, an instant before the personiﬁcation of quiet
content at the sight of his master, started up, his hair
bristling, his eyes ﬁercely glowing, and as he turned
and faced in ‘the direction from which the first sound
had come, he, too, tiger-like, uttered that low rumbling
roar so menacing in its sound, so penetrating and so
terrifying. ' ‘ , ;

Almost at the same instant, or at least so nearly. so
that it seemed as if everything happened simultane-
ously, the clatter of horses’.hoofs sounded from down
the corridor and aroundithe turn ahead of where Nick

Carter was standing, there rushed into view three of .

the circus horses. They were galloping madly forward;
oneiof them was screaming as only a horsecan scream

-when -it is in an agony of {right and pain; the tawny
 atone of thelsimallest of the tigers was 
' .“ ‘ : ‘  Y ' ' i.

V

 

7 .«

  

 

 ing to its back; behind it rushed the Second horse: and
seated astride upon this animal was the ghost-like fig-
ure of a woman which answered to the description
which Nick Carter had so frequently heard Of the 8P‘
_ parition of Millie Slade.

Behind this supposed spirit-ridden horse rushed a
third, and beyond that two others of the padded—footed
tigers loped as if they were themselves frightened by
' the furore they had created. ‘ .

Beyond these other animals were rushing, and it
Seemed on the instant, in the midst of the terrible din
they were making, as if every creature in the menag-
erie had been set at liberty and‘ as if the place must
soon'become a veritable shambles.

The reader must understand that all. this happened
during the space of time in which one might Count ﬁve-

From absolute quiet thebasement of the Garden had
become a pandemonium. .~ . _ _

From utter restfulness, where nothing W35. 5t1“_'mg»
an things were suddenly immotion, and now, as if to
add to the excitement and the terror of it all, the shouts
5 Of men, the screaming and the chattering of monkeys»
the galloping of horses, the trumpetlflg °f elfphantss
and the thousand and one noises which go with mo-
, ments of suchexcitement changed the_ Wh°1°_ 35Pe¢t °f
[the-place into a condition which it is impossible to de-

F;-om the instant when Nick Carter ‘first discovered

L the approaching horses, one with the tiger clinging to
its back and another bearing the human ﬁgure that

blazed with its phosphorescent g10W—fr°m the 31°‘

men: when he first saw these things until they were al-

most upqn him not more than _two or three seconds

~ could have. elapsed- '

.i.%9n either side. -

‘ ' . To the 1eft of wheie he stood was the ‘open door of
, 7¥I'rince’s cage‘, but save for that one opening there was
 means of escaping from the onrushing hoofs and
.. V513,: had: of animals. that were pursuing the horses save
.. dive ignominiousiy beneath one of the cages and to
. ‘whit mm mm’; the terrible procession had passed.
 Nick ,me,.ed~ 3 sharp word of command to Prince,
5  M ml animal would heed ‘it and gum to its
5  ' . rincegdeclined to o , 01'» P9?‘
"  :2:  3: the awful din that surrounded

 
  
  
 
        
  
  
  
 

 

‘   whgch  the tiger on its back
..  , 1.. Al. ‘ P,.,-melt leaped into the air as if

NEW’ NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

. ‘Nick Carter and the tiger. Pfiﬂcﬁ» Wefevexactly in"
I the middle of the passageway. which was lined by C38?‘

17

Nick Carter's astonishment, the wild leap hf the ani-
mal took him clear over the first of the horses, and,
just as Nick Carter leaped aside to avoid the danger
that threatened him, he saw the huge paws of the pet
tiger strike upon the ghost-like figure‘ of the rider of
the second horse.

The detective had not been able, during the short
space of time that was permitted him, to escape en-
tirely from the path of the approaching animals.

It was the third one of the horses, the riderless one,"
that struck the detective with its shoulders just as he
sought to dive beneath one of the cages, and Nick Car-
ter was hurled head-foremost against the iron tires of
one of the wheels, from which he fell stunned and al-
most insensible to the ground, while the strangely as-
sorted procession rushed on past him and over him.’

 

CHAPTER VII.

MOUMAHD, THE AVENGER.

Perhaps the reader knows that one may be quite
thoroughly stunned without being made entirely un-
conscious; that a person may be rendered for a.short
period of time incapable of muscular movement, but at
the same time retain suﬁicient mental consciousness to

i know and to understand what is going on about him.

It was so with Nick Carter in this particular case.

Struck by the shoulder of the galloping horse as it
rushed against him, and hurled by that force against
the rim of the wheel of one of the cages so that his
head received a ‘violent’ blow, the detective collapsed
upon the ground utterly incapable of motion of'any
kind.

Yet in a dazed sort of way he was conscious of the
fact that the animals were rushing past him, and he
seemed to dream rather than to realize that almost all

of the cages in the menagerie had been opened and .\

their prisoners liberated.

Wild roars came from every direction; the snarling
and spitting of the cat tribe, as theyfought together,
evidenced the fact that more than one combat was
going on.’ ' \ “

Itseemed to Nick Carter as if many minutes must

have passed while he was stretched out there beside;

the wall of the cage incapable of motion" and in a posi-

' tion which rendered it remarkable that he was not
trampled upon over and over again by the rushing ani-
mals. Then the wild trumpeting of the elephants
sounded in his ears and he saw as if in al

- . shadowy foxmof huge beasts approaching him.

I

6 -’
_t

 

dream the‘ p

  

V lie’,-"3 that they   

18''

An instant later he was conscious of the fact that
something soft and prehensile in its character gripped
him around the body and he felt himself lifted from
the ground and borne onward swaying high in the air
with a sickening sensation of dizziness and of the

' breath being slowly squeezed out of him.

The detective knew that he had been seized and lifted
up by one of the elephants; he knew that it was the
trifnk of one of these animals that had encircled his
body, and, even in the dazed state of mind he was in,
he had no doubt that he was in the grasp of Moujik
and that Moumahd, its trainer, was doubtless near at
hand, perhaps riding on the creature's back.

There is an incline plane or driveway at the north-
eastern extremity of the building, down which animals
and.v'ehicles are taken to the basement, and by which
exit is obtained at the end of an engagement.

Nick Carter, held tightly in the grasp of the ele-
phant that had lifted him from the ground, realized but
little of what was going on, for every fraction of a
minute that passed consciousness was deserting him as

a result of the pressure of the elephant’s trunk around .

his body. ,
It seemed to him as if agesof time had elapsed after

' he was lifted from the ground before he heard the

crashing sound of breaking timbers, and this was fol-
lowed by the cool rush of fresh air into his nostrils,
which partly revived him and which would have done
so quite had it not been for the strangling pressure that
was upon him. _ - »
He sensed the fact rather; than knew it that in
some manner the animal which was bearing him away

i had made its iscapeto the street.

He thought he could hear the clanging of street cars;
he'was certaig that the uproar and din created by the
liberated and ﬁghting animals had ceased; and" then

T everything became an utter blank and Nick Carter had
norreeollection of what happened after that until he

'opehed his eyes to discover that he was seated in a bare

“  ‘ room, the interior of; which he had never seen before

andthathe was held in captivity by a chain that had
around his waist——achain which he had no
’diﬂ‘icixlty;"in recognizing as such a one as is used for

  conﬁning the feet of captive elephants.

_-7  éhnins are not large, as the reader may re-

‘, ;-NZ‘  have  ; they are rarely strong enough,
,1; f 3§8V¢zi!1}.'Xtrenie cases, but whatipan elephant could snap,

’ 4‘   if he tried, but are used’ for their

 fame upon thefhugekreattres to make them be-

   
 
  
  

   
 
 
 

 

1,

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 a  manta.

 

Nick Carter or a dozen men like ‘him, and it was not
that which interested him so much as the fact that he
was indeed a prisoner and in a place he had no recol-
lection of ever having seen before. i

The room was utterly bare of any kind of furniture;
the chain that encircled the detective’s waist had been
passed through an opening in the floor, from which a
board had been ,ripped loose, and was locked around
one of the beams beneath it. One window located far
beyond his reach at the other side of the room ad-
mitted sufficient light to assure the detective that day
was breaking, and he, therefore, guessed that not more
than an hour or two had passed since the outbreak at
the menagerie. E

Through the window, from his position on the ﬂoor
from which he could not rise because of the chain, he
could see the tops of other buildings, and for a time
he concentrated his mind on the effort to guess what
his location was. _

Finding that impossible, he tried to determine how
he had been brought to his present predicament.

He went over in detail each thing that had oc-
curred to him as he remembered it.

Try as he might, however, he could not ﬁnd any ex-.
planation to satisfy him of the things that had taken

,place in the basement of the Garden, resulting in the

liberation of so many of the animals. in the wild dash
of the three horses upon him, and ﬁnally in his own
capture by the elephant after which he was home
away to his present captivity. a

He asked himself if Mournahd could be behind all
this action and if so what the man’s object might be.

It, was entirely illogical to suppose that Moumahd
could’have known of the detective’s presence in the
basement at that particular time and Nick decided,
therefore, that the attack had not been made directly
upon himself, but had been intended originally only
as one of the manifestations of the ghost and as a
much wilder and more serious one than usual. '

The detective might have used his hands in an effort
to liberate himself were it not for the fact that they
were tightly bound behind him by a cord which all his
great strength was unable to break or even loosen, and

after struggling for a time he gave up the effort as use-_ 

less. , V _ t t
L The chain which held him to the beam b'e'ne‘ath,_the-
ﬂoor was so short that he could not rise to his ‘feet,

but couldonly sit there in the ‘position in which he 
found himself when he awakened to cdnsciousness,’ -‘7
 his shoulders, against the wall and his feet out- ‘V1,,

1' 1

 

 

    
  
   
   
 

.1.

stretched before him, to await with all the patience he
could summon whatever might happen.

Interruption came at last.

It seemed to Nick Carter as though hours and hours
‘End passed since he awoke to consciousness. In reality
.°t was in.the middle of the forenoon when the door of
,the room opened and a person entered whom Nick
Carter did not at the moment remember to have seen
before. He was tall and slender, dark-skinned and
handsome, with black eyes that glowed strangely and
ﬁercely, with a small but perfectly trained mustache

‘ ix shading his upper lip and was dressed after the ‘height

of fashion which amounted to almost foppi hness. 
silk hat was set jauntily upon his head of curling hall’:
"a gold-headed cane was carried in his gloved hands, a

" heavy watch-chain stretched entirely across the. from 0f

olded arms and snapping eyes, gazing down upon his
risoner, the smile which parted his lips revealed aper-
fect set ‘of snow-white teeth. “ '

Nick Carter 1ooked upon the man in amazement. .
He had no recollection of ever having seen this indi-
.. vidua] before, and‘he waited with some impatience for
.1118 stranger to speak, knowing it was much better that
the caller should break the silence-

“wen, how do you like your present quarters, Nick
» Cane,-3 or do you prefer that I should call you Hi-
lario?” came the question at last. ' .

  It was enough. The words themselves were all the

‘Eis waistcoat, and as he stood before Nick Carter with

_i._-...

 exphnaﬁon that Nick Carter needed regarding the

A identity of the man who stood before him. '
l Moumahd, the elephant-trainer, andgthis dandylike
. ‘op’ egeminate in everything save the costume he wore,

; Were one and the same. . . _-
 Moumahd, the turbaned elephant-trainer, the Hindu

 who coum not speak or understand his-own language,

,' and this dz,-k.5kimed Italian-eyed dandy of. foppish

; manner were identical. . ’ O
3  Nick Carter-’s first impression when he recognized

  was one of entire amazement.

-_  He. did not evidence the fact, however, ‘but replied

- without an a?P1T°°l3b1° Pam‘

  
 
  
 
  
   
 
  

._é,.«s'cI ca-nit say that I like this place very much, Mou-

zrhe latter sh;-ugged his shoulders and the smile on
 {ace widened. somewhat as he took a
. .  ggm,,.,’.m¢ from ‘one or his pockets,» and,

.  abstrgcted one of them; and produced a motio-
’ fmatch-bozrgto smoke. ‘

   
 

   

A

»,‘?.;f‘‘'‘ :‘ 

   

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKL¥.

me,  you?” he asked‘

ii iii.

'4
I9

“Certainly,” replied the detective.

“And have you been conscious long enough to won-
der why you are here?”

“Naturally.”

"You have not guessed?”

“I haven’t really tried to do so.”

“It was rather fortunatethat you happened to be in
the basement when the animals were set at liberty last
night,” said Moumahd, leaning negligently against the
casing of the door by which he had entered. “But you

did not come quite soon enough. If you had been ﬁf- .

te_en minutes earlier you might have surprised me in my
very pleasant and somewhat effective occupation.”
“It was your usual ceremony of making the ghost

~ walk,” said the detective, with a shrug of his shoulders.

“Oh,” replied Moumahd, laughing, “the ghost has
walked for the last time, Mr. Carter. The ghost ceased
to be.”

“Indeed?”

“Yes.”

“Then you were playing the part of the ghost all
along, were you F” ’

“I, and others.” ‘

“But why have you made me captive? What had I
toﬂdo with the affair ?” asked Nick, interested in the
strange manner of this man, who so coolly admitted
what he had done. ‘

Moumahd gave another shrug and a light laugh be-
fore heireplied, and then he said:

“It is rather a long story, Carter, and I don’t know
that it will particularly interest you. I had a purpose
to accomplish and you, because of your activity in for-

‘mer affairs, become a part of that purpose. It is all _

accomplishednow save only a few details, one of which
will doubtless interest you.” .
“And what is that one?” asked the detective.
“It concerns your own fate.” A
"‘My fate?” asked Nick, smiling and shrugging in
his turn.
(Km)!
“What has that to do with your designs, Moumahd ?”
“Listen,” said the elephant—trainer, leaving the door-
jamb and bending forward toward Nick Carter with
his brilliant black eyes. glowing ﬁercely; “When I

began this plot of mine, of which you have seen only a '

small part, I had two objects in view. One of them
was the total wrecking of 1*-Iindpaugh’s circus and me-
nagerie and  utter ﬁnancial ruin thereby, and the
other was a certain kind of vengeance upon you, Nick
_Carter.” , _ . , ‘ A e

. “yengeguee npcqrne? Fonvhat?’ . . '

.‘\ L“‘_d V r

 

 9-

 

 
 
  

/ N I’ - .
NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

_2O

“One of those purposes has been accomplished,” con-
tinued Moumahd, as if he had not heard the question.
“Hindpaugh’s show has been utterly wrecked. Many
of his most valuable animals are dead and others are
wandering about the city or have escaped to the coun-

Iitry, where they will ultimately be slaughtered. Many
of his best performers have left him, and to-day Hind-
pai1gh’s aggregation of world-wide wonders is a thing
of the past. It only remains for me now to fulﬁl my
purposes against you, after which my task will be
done.”

“But why?” asked Nick Carter.
vengeance against me?”

“You shall know in good time,” was the enigmatical

reply.

“Why do you seek

 

CHAPTER IX.
A REMARKABLE CHARACTER.

_Nick Carter could account for the conduct of the_

man who stood so negligently before him in only one

_ manner, and that was that he was mad. There could
be no other explanation for his strange demeanor.

“Will you tell me where I am?” he askedhim pres-I

ently. _ .

“Yes; you are in a room at the top of a vacant‘ house
located on one of the side streets not far from the Gar-
den.”

“But why am I here?”

“Because it was my pleasure to bring you here."

“What dgyou propose to do with me?”

“Ultimately it is my intention to take your life, al-
though I have not yet determined in just what manner
I will do so,” was the calm reply.

“But why should you do such a thing as that?”

“Because it is my pleasure to do so.”

“But why ?” ' . g '

iMoumahd did not immediately reply. He " walked
across the room to the window before described and

« stood for a time staring through it; but presently he

if '7  ‘shrugged his shoulders and, turning about, said:
i  ,_ “Nick Carter, I belong to a race of people who never
1  7 forget not forgive an injury. You once did me an in-

“ir'  Nick. “I did you an ihfury 2*’
f‘It is true‘ that you did it unknowingly-that is you

”  no idea of making a life-longenemy, of me when
  it, but the’fact,’remains the same,.and I will '
tell you now that atthe time", one year ago, when Millie“
.   from "the back‘ of herﬁhorse in the mid-

dxeaule

  
 

 \

detta against you, Nick Carter, and everything that
has occurred since, so far as my life is concerned, has
been subservient to that one idea, and has been the re-
sult of carefully laid plans to carry out my vengeance
against you.”

“But I do not in the least understand,” said the de-
tective. “I don’t remember, Moumahd, that I ever saw
you until yesterday, either in your character of an ele-
phant-trainer or as you appear now.”

The fellow laughed in a low tone, again showingthis
glistening teeth.

“Nevertheless I was with the circus at that time,” he
said. “It was my misfortune and my fate that I long
ago fell in love with Millie Slade. While she had a
husband living, even though she had no aﬁection for
him, I was content tp adore her from a distance and'to

stand in some obscure corner whenever she was in the '

ring giving an exhibition of her marvelous skill; but
when her husband, James Dumont, the tiger—tamer,
was killed, and when you proved the crime against her,
I swore an oath then and there that if harm befell her
through your efforts, I would kill you. Then came the

second crime, after her escape from the oﬁicers who _

had arrested her, and you. know without my recounting
it all what occurred after that.”

“Yes,” said the detective. .

“You know how she reappeared at the circus under
another name and in disguise at Mademoiselle Maritza-;
and you know how that infernal tiger, Prince, by leap-
ing upon the horse she was riding around the ring,
frightened her so that her heart ceased to beat and she
fell dead upon the sawdust.” l .

“Yes; but surely you do not blame 'me for that?”

“I have told you _that I had sworn if harm befell

Millie Slade through your eﬂorts I would kill you. ..

Harm did befall her; she died because of your efforts,

‘and I intend to carry out my oath.”

“Who and what are‘y0u, Moumahd? You are hot a I

Hindu; of that I am certain.”
“It makes no diﬁerence, Nick Carter, who and what
I am. I joined Hindpaugh’s circus three years ago as

a mere supemumerary vﬂio assisted inithe care of the ,‘

animals.

time I became the elephant-trainer of the circus.
is all you need to know.” ‘
uBut____u . ,

L “That is all you,need to know,"  
 B_l_ndpugl1’sei:cus;I  “save only this‘: I loved Millie Slade from a 

I graduated to an assistant’s place as ele- 
phant-keeper and later, when Moujik, an Iinruly beast,-
crippled his former master for life, it was found that I ~*
was the only person who could control him. ,From that 7
That‘

 

 

    
   
    
   
    
  
     
  
  
   
   
 

\-7

aﬁiiwith all respect, She is dead, and y0I1. With Othefss
the cause of it. I=swore that you and those others
,_ pay’ the penalty. I am a C0rsican.’.’ _
‘Iithink you are also mad,” said’Nick Carter coolly,
Dndering what the result oftsuch a remark would be
whgg effect it would have upon the man called
3m Moujik's master only laughed. V
Perhaps I am,” he said. “I think I We“ mad
,1: sfellin love with,Millie Sladel :1 used to wor-
erfrom a. distance,  ,WaS' 0111)’ 3 5“PP°5°d Hi"d_“
who helped to feed the animals and to clear; then"
’ A  She could not notice me. She did not even see
wﬁgg I pagsgd her way. M She did not know of  .
it I’ A ,‘ agdhso far as I‘*know, shedied without being

death I‘
, dﬁeontributed to her 1111- '
 _ i’ blew, as Lstand before
punt,‘ i¢_i;'}1yia, ruined man, at least so
is‘i:§son’iS' cénceriied» You are as zood as e
 ﬁgjsfgmsiofi yours, who were there,
a :asaar.«++—**,  ,      
—  of,ti1e:n?”'ask¢5v.N5°k,ii.q“l°l‘lY- ‘
 ra**?9rharsh1¥- . 
 i ‘better. than yours» Nick.
 ‘~a¢g":p1—gjotten~that twoof them were
  nbringingtabout thevdeath of
I fake,‘ care of that in good'tim¢~"
r””,heyVno\$f 3'", 3519“? N I‘ 
I i.’°”7‘7ST”*‘'li. “

,.
_\

     
  
  
  

  

1    this.iyl1<.)11siNeii”’ ‘ r
‘ ljegﬁgsfgin   

.; 3.   cc

   

NEWgNlCK CARTER fWEEKLY§

I ~ strumental in the affair. You

V terrnined to’ consumrnate

imale.” I V_ J  _  p 
  > .“I dirty As  as "the: place sW33iFi’-ll}5¢.t W

   

213

Nick made no reply and Mournalid continued:
_.“I knew of the interview between you and Adam
Hindpaugh in regard to‘ the supposed ghost of Millie
Slade. I was present when it occurred and overheard
every -word that was uttered between you. I knew of
all your plans regarding the arrival of the supposed?
Hilario in this country. There are two employees with it
the show who have long been in my pay, and with the
assistance of those men I have been enabled to carry out 
Amy scheme of playing the ghost, which began, as you 7
are aware, in the middle of the winter." M I b ' I
“I don’t see the reason for it all,” said Nick. 4
“Perhaps not. It is not necessary that you shonldrxii
It was a part of my scheme of vengeance against Hind’-t 7
paugh. I began by disturbing him. I proceeded by,’ f’
creating dissension, terror, and a sense of insecurity _.
among his performers. I rendered his animals unoa§y,_.- , ‘
quarrelsome, and unsafe in their performances. I have
been a thorn in this side everosince the middle oi, last.»
winter, and I foresaw--nay, I knew that by the V’ I
wevopened our performance in this city ’Ada4m,Hintl~
paugh would send for you to lay the ghost. that I r
created. I That is enough; he did so. The act of doing.
so brought you directly into my power, where.I yeoufdi b
spirit you away without myself being considered in?
know the result.~”’” V

 
   
 
  

   
    
   
  
  
  
  
   

   
   
  
  

I “Yes, I know it,” said Nick._ _ M W
“Last night, as soon as your left me, afterithrowjing
me under the feet of’ Moujik, and thereby addingtt;
the anger andlehatredyl already felt against yqtfglf 
at once the plans! hadont

  
  
  
  
 
 

lined.” ‘

,“And you;.d_id,i_t,”

 
 
  
 
 
 
  

   

«said Nice:-ny‘ libcratingi'th:h‘

chief that basement from gaze

 

arouxid;,the‘~\vhole",’ _ _ ‘.
gage, as;s‘isted_1;y th women I «had

 
  
 

 22

around them to my herd of elephants only just in time
to escape, and one of the tigers, by leaping upon a
horse and attacking it, started the uproar a little
sooner than I had anticipated.”

“And the ghost!” exclaimed Nick. “I saw Prince
leap upon thatwhite ﬁgure on horseback.”

Moumahd laughed aloud.

“That ﬁgure was of wax, arranged for the ﬁnal and
spectacular performance,” he said. “It had already
been strapped upon the horse by one of my assistants.”

“And Prince?” asked the detective.

Moumahd shrugged his shoulders.

“Prince has disappeared,” he said.

 

CHAPTER X.
IN THE POWER 01-‘ A MANIAC.

VVhen Moumahd ceased speaking he turned abruptly
and without another word and, forgetting to announce
his intention, opened the door by which he had ‘en-
tered the room, passed through'it and was gone.

He left the detective no opportunity to continue his
questioning or to ﬁnd out further information regard-
ing his assistants and about what had happened at the
circus after he was taken away from it in the trunk of
the elephant. ' '

V ‘ We will not dwell upon the condition of mind into
which the detective fell when all the remainder of that
day passed without another interruption of any kind.

He could hear the roar ‘of traﬁic from the streets of

g I the city outside the house, but save for that he passed
< the time in uttef"silence. . u '

More than once he made an attempt to free him-'

I self from the toils of the conﬁning chain that had been
'_ placed so securely around his body, but each and ev-
ery eﬁort was unavailing and without result.

9 .1‘ There was nothing in the shape of food or" water at y

:3: hand, and his thirst ﬁnally became almost intolerable;
 he’ began to wonder if it were a part of the scheme of
. L the Corsican to starve him and to deny him water,
_ I ‘Altogether the condition was about the strarigest in
,_ s which the detective had ever been placed’, for it seemed
I V’ alike to be without reason or logic of .any‘kind.. The
“ 3. ‘man was evidently crazy; he had conjured up all those
.fancied wrongs until,’ consorting only with animals, he
had become almost one himself, in his ferocious desire
«for revenge for the death of Millie Slade.
 , day passed away and night came; -and the night
 as the dayihad done, rvithoutgfan‘ interruption
 smeaaw  of  e

 
   
   

f .‘x._

  
 

   

‘\

mine by his attitude that‘ the only idea of the man was

thirst was very acute. »

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

By the time the ﬁrst faint evidences of another
morning were showing themselves through the win-
dow Nick’s thirst had assumed proportions which were
almost unbearable, and then it was that he heard the
sound of approaching steps ascending the stairs.

It was the same light tread he had heard before on
the occasion of Moumahd’s former visit to the room,
and so, when at last the door opened and the elephant-
trainer entered, Nick was prepared to see him.

The man entered the room ‘quickly, and in so doing
neglected to latch the door behind him, for, although
he pushed it shut, it did not latch—a fact which the
detective noticed with satisfaction, thinking the while
that if he could in some manner induce this man to re-
lease him, partially at least, there would be a chance
for him to escape.

But the opportunity was to come in a manner quite
unexpected; in a manner which Nick Carter could not
have guessed.

Moumahd’s outward appearance was in no way dif-
ferent from what it had been when the detective last
saw him; he was dressed with the.same' attention to
care, with the same foppishness, and with that same ef-
feminate touch..that Nick ,had noticed before.

This time he was even more impressed with it than
on that former occasion; but even now be regarded it
only as a characteristic; it did not occur to him that it
had or could have anything to do with his present di-
lemma.

“Does your vengeance against me take the form of
starvation?” asked the detective bitterly. “Am I to die
of thirst and hunger ?x Is thatyour form of revenge?"

Moumahd smiled.

“One question at a time, my dear sir,” he replied,
showing his gleaming teeth. “You are thirsty?”

“Yes.”

‘.‘And hungry?”

“Just give me a glass of. water and I won’t say a

word about the hunger pant of it.”
For reply the elephant-trainer produced a ﬂask from
one of his pockets. ’

,“This bottle contains a mixture of claret and water,” .

he said, holding it aloft. “I had an idea that possibly
it would taste good to you; but, no. I won't give you
any just yet. It loch: good, doesn't it, Nick Carter?”
He held it aloft, still smiling, and Nick could defer-

to torture him. I . , '
“Are you a ﬁend?” he demanded

harshly,‘ for his

 

     

 Yes; in my desire for vengeance. MY thirst is .33
 as,yours-greater; although it takes a.wiCl€1)’ dif‘

 form; 'Perh.aps’--—after aplittle-—I— will give you‘

i ilnifiyallow of this.”

was silent. »

¢:“i'Iave you no curiosity aboutyour fellows?” asked

the trainer presently. ' ,

N  detective did not reply.

A “D9!” you wish to know what has become of your

‘ii ’ assistants? I told you, did I not, thatathey, also

ere inrny power?” _

‘?¥es. B What of them ?" - - .
A7 little information  Wm glV€ 370“? but ‘WY 3 hi‘

*3! They are dea;d.”A - « . V p » A. _ t

‘,W°hat?” cried Nick, startled in SP5“? °f himself?
 for';{h¢_ moment, notwithstanding the fact

‘taxis; did not in the least believe what;M°umahd ha?‘

    
 
  
  
   
    
   
      
     
      
    
  
   

 

ﬁrs:  leaned iorwardiﬁwafd the demllve? r-

” 1 VNER C$1.mL;?'p.he said. “Pay attention to
M°“5‘“”e ‘
‘kt-is ﬁggsutjy -beast, but he 15, as good to ‘his,
. ‘ are hg gs‘ fdmgqous to those he does not like.

"   me-y" ’

. .:;‘’iienu”>_~ e    

   

  

't'-less  that;  :Don’t you re_—l
'  V’ ’;’ugh¢dt*£erward totattack you at a
 .andfr'air1'.f|1€?fb'_A:i _ .  ’ _ y
,  ._,§‘,;1;-.1: Iwishrto-hear‘ about, Mournahd,”

    
   
     
      
 
   

~2-

iahﬁt I 3!“
,_  ', y

+

   
   

i V _ , _ . ‘
‘ ' NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

" acal glee, he stopped suddenly and half-turned to listen;

 It  .  already hisftorrguepwasty
 i A V ua'§;ou.s1_ia11th§grpresently.» In,‘
trying tbitell ybu noyv. _

3 V.  f€wn;gt.j’was..i? an you; 
 .,H§ .yask,I;:.d the qu i
tf**15?“*>l¢'¥°;-‘i¥~ 5*  $’§¢l‘l°91¥.-,  -

23
“Ah! So you’ have found your tongue, have you?
\Vel1, if that is the case you can imagine what the
fate of ‘the oldest of your threeimen was, when Moujik
placed his huge feet upon the fellow’s chest. No ?”
There must have been some expression. of the hor-
ror Nick Carter felt at this statement, upon his fea-
tures, for the ﬁend who faced him laughed outright:
laughed gleefully; laughed so that the detective was
now quite certain that the fellow was a maniac.
The assurance lent an added horror to the position ‘ ‘,
in which Nick Carter was placed. A;
He was chained there to the floor, in that empty ‘-
room of an empty house, at the utter mercy of amazi-
man; at the mercy of a man who not only meant to
starve him and to make him suffer all the pangs of  _
thirst, but who also intended to lose no opportunity‘. 
to ‘inflict mental torture while the operation lasted. 
But even as the fellow laughed aloud in his mani-

for therepetition of some sound he had heard beyond
the door. it . f
Nick, too, had heard a sound, or fancied thath .7
did so. _ ' e a
_He couldy/not have told what it was; it was much;
too faint for that.» ' -. '
It was not a footfall; it was not’ a voice; it 
even the sound of heavy breathing, and yet it 
gestedthat more than anything else. 4 = ‘

  

  

" ' For a moment Mournahdlistened, ‘his muscles. 
‘t se, and with hislips tightened over his teeth as
h ‘were frightened. _ ‘V 5 . , N’ .“ ' j .

’’I‘hen‘the srnile.returned.'to his ‘handsome featurﬁit
againfand -hevshruggedhis shoulders. '
‘ ‘‘‘It'ijsfmy Vfancyfheyysaid, as if he were speaking;
to thimeelf; instead c~§.jthe' detective _; nevertheless 

   
   

 

7

replied: - t

    

r’.

 
 

 24'

“What do you wonder?”

“I wonder sometimes if it is really so.”

“If what is really so, Moumahd ?”

“That sound. That stealthy movement as if some-
thing were following along behind me. It is like the
pat-pat-pat of padded feet upon a pavement. It is
such a sound as one of the animals in the show might
make if it were following along on my track. And
then——there is the tiger, you know.”

“What tiger? What do you mean?”

“You ask what tiger? As‘ if you did not know! The
tiger—-Prince!” I

“VVhat of Prince? What about him, Moumahd ?”
Nick was asking these questions softly, and in a tone
that was calculated to make the elephant-trainer sup-
pose that he was replying to his own thought rather
than to a suggestion made by Nick Carter.

“Ah, you do not know; you have not been told.
Prince hates me. He hated Millie, too, if you re-
member about it. Don’t you remember?”

“Yes.” I

“You know how he hated her. That was why he
leaped upon her horse at the circus at the time she fell
dead from fright. She thought that Prince had got
her at last. You know 1” ‘

1 “Yes.” - A —

—“It is the same with me. You do not know that;
or, rather, you did not know it until I told you now.
But we were of the same blood, Millie and I. I had

~ not told you that,reither, had I? No. Well, you know

it now. It will do no harm for you to know it, either,
because you are never to leave this room alive. You
haven't guessed who I really am, have'you ?”

“No; only-that you are Moumahd.” i

“Moumahd! Moumahd! That is only a name. It

= means nothing.”

I-“Then who you, if you are not Moumahd ?”
“I am Moumahd; but I am also something else. I

.' am Millie Slade’s avenger; but also I am something
' more than that. You could not guess, could you?”

“No. Tell me.” -
“Very well, I will tell you before I kill you, for

I , that is wll_at.I came here to do. I am-—-”

I The voice ceased suddenly. A gasp came in the

 place of the next word that was to be uttered. Mon-‘
 mahd’s eyes were turned toward the door, and,'look-
. ing in that directionalso, Nick saw it slowly swing
I afar, and then upon V the threshold there suddenly»

 the huge  rbeantiful  of Prince, the

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

CHAPTER XI.
THE TIGER AS A PROTECTOR.

The effect of the sudden appearance of the tiger
upon the scene was twofold; it ﬁlled the elephant-trainer
with terror unspeakable; it brought joy to the heart of
the detective. , .

True, Prince did not-possess hands, and therefore

could not unfasten the chains which held Nick Carter '

a prisoner; but at least the animal was a friend—a
tried and trusted friend, and the mere fact of the
tiger’s presence in the room brought with it a certain
sense of security which the detective lcould not have
deﬁned had he tried to do so.

The elephant—trainer was trembling with terror, his
knees shaking almost to the point of collapsing; but

somehow he managed after a minute to partially re-,

cover himself, and, thrusting one hand deeply into a

pocket,‘ he half-drew a pistol from its place of con?

cealment.

The tiger, until that moment, had remained motion-
less upon the threshold, as if it were contemplating
the strange scene by which it was confronted; but
now, as if it realized exactly what that motion of
Moumahd meant, it started forward with a low growl
and with that quick, catlike motion which belongs to its
tribe.

A single, gliding motion took it across the space
that intervened between it and the mad person, and,
with one stroke of one of its mighty paws, the pistol,
only half-drawn as yet, was sellt ﬂying across the

~ room to‘ the opposite side of it.

Then, as Moumahd started back with a loud cry that

I was almost a scream, and which sounded strangely fem

inine, the tiger struck w-ith its other paw. ‘

The second blow thus delivered was not a severe
one; but, light as it /was, it landed on Moumahd's
shoulder and sent him reeling backward; and the ne.\t
instant he was prone upon his back on the ﬂoor and

the tiger had crouched beside him, resting one thuge~

paw upon his breast, as if satisﬁed that it had accom-
plished that much, and reluctant to proceed to further
extremities. \

_ It all happened so quickly that Nick scarcely realized

It. '

He had not thought to call out a word of corrnnarld
to the animal ;_. and now the tiger was crouched there‘ b

above the prostrate body. of itslpossible victim. _

Its expression was neitlier ﬁerce nor kindly.  

, _ could’ not define it, hadhe tried to  so. V Its tail .

I

 
 

  

1 moved ‘slightly, to denote that it was not exactly
_ ;. pleased, but its yellow eyes were blinking toward the
 detective as" if to question him as to what it should
3 M (10 next. V I

 7 a The detective tried to rise, forgetting for the mo-
; .—» men: that he was chained; and‘ then a low growl from

 thettiger warned him to 1033? Sim i
 ‘He tried another tactic. He used his voice, and
 {lever yet had Prince failed to obey the sound of it
A Hedid not do so now. _
,.r:f3Prince, come here!’»’ ordered the detective. ,

 For just a moment, so short as to be hafdly 3PP3_1"

'  tiger hesitated; then it slowly straightened it-
i but before it moved a_W3Y “'0”? the immediate
iinitye’of’ the fallen elephant—tamer, it turned one
V~'.glif[§é,a,5 if of warning upon him. Then, with a slow,
g motion, it crossed the space between it and
V‘ ective.  K , _ _ - L"

_ .BI1t:when it crouched ‘asain. to Pew‘ “Se” *0 be
_S. ye, by ‘he zhhnd it .19y¢fd,~ it kept its yellow eyes

 
     
 

“Si?

 
 
 
  
    
  
  
  

the» am motion on i,is.p_art, he would feel the
o£.thatpa_wia83iﬂ%i’ ' f t ’
 ever seen iafcat ,l31.3Y with 3' mi°'“.5° 5"‘ 3

  

I

  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
     

. aasitmed>b3' thew-ire‘ fl)?‘ ‘*'“°- .

 an  whik Mqumahﬁl, 33  thoroughly under.
, hat mofionlessness, wa§ the only

ofsalvation. remained perfectly still. moving

eyes, which indeed, he couldlnot avoid doing

toqwatch the tiger. 1

  

sgwzgg stood Ou§'=uponi:thE foreheadﬂoi

 i-abject tei'jror.,~-'   —

     
 
 
 
    
 
   

 . NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

"g;§&,p“p°n‘the‘P,ost,ate. Mgumahd, as if to give notice‘

I _ . . _ 1,. it This time Prince only blinked the information  
‘Q  I; -50‘. you‘ win understand precisely the

it ‘wou1<i,un¢¢ubted1y,hav¢ mined ~t_9>, . _ y _
 i .had‘v;§s‘.ﬁ9te.ib¢¢n-..for"the paint omit‘. _V of the situation; at least of a part of it. True.”~.[io'  ’
 famhe jﬁi‘-st. time; as‘ it~"wa.s; ;

">i»,.,‘i-ig;~‘ijcl',»1l~ils __lips were yitoaid himself. A ’ . b _ _ ’ r .4  _,
‘ ” "’5f?'i3'°P’7W§f° *¢11i*??**W‘*° 33°." ta‘!!!-W-”
5 the,’ detective. X‘:‘Yot;. Inight , 98 . well ﬁnish what
 saying} fW.c 'h:‘t-.~i«-.‘.g'6tr‘t‘o igiii-slime lit!f_il‘tl}¢ ‘ A
 is,iiiiiéteil‘it6'“tili¢{P$15*?*7,5V}1¢R.  youth F35 
iYou ~v¢?§li.iu#%*¢11i*\é  Wwtﬁed What svwiréaiii

25

Instantly the tiger was beside him again, looking
down upon him with no friendly expression; and Nick,
aftercalling the tiger back to its former place beside
him, said: » ‘

‘‘Moumahd, I’d advise you not to move. It isn’t
safe. Pr-ince’s paw is rather heavy. But I think it
will do no harm if you decide to talk to me‘——always in
a low tone.”

There was no reply to this suggestion, and, after a
moment, the detective tried again.

“Speak to me, Moumahd,” he said. “Use your ’
voice, so that I can determine what the tiger will do.
If my hands were free, I could control it; but as they
ai-e——well, it is impossible. The tiger realizes that I
am your prisoner, and he doesn’t like you any the bet-
ter for-that fact. Speak‘ to me.” ’ e l

“What-—-what—-shall-I-—say?” was the hesitating‘ if

 response.

F The tiger raised its head, uttered a low, almost in,-
audible growl, and then subsided again. ' M

, l‘Good,’’ aid the detective. “Possibly we can “lacs
complish =it,,aft‘er all... Speak again, Mournalid."

’ ‘i‘Wiiat——sliall.?‘—-I-——say?"

 

he had heard the man on the ﬂoor use his voice.  
“It will be all right now,” said Nick- “You  

speak ‘without fear; only don’t move, unless I tell‘ you 

todo so.” _  L * V 

— ’uN9.u guy! ’ ’ I ( ‘ ' , V   ‘

w The condition was altogether strange. . The chained < i

* captive had become transforrned into the captor.,- . The;

maa.3wh9.7VV3S‘l1¢i91e$s a moment 3&0. was new master ‘ 

 
 
  

    
   
     
 

could not has himself. nut. neithergcould the manikwhfi
was tree ,§o.far aahis_lii‘nbs were concerned, do aught?

  
  

      

   

 

 ,. about you, in fact, suggested it. I wonder now that
 I did not guess the truth at once. All the other things
: you told me, then, were---”

»“Lies. Yes, all of them.”

g “_But you! An elephant-trainer!
_i come about?”

’ T “I married an elephant~trainer; the one who used
I _;;to be there with the show. Then I was ill, and they
‘ i put me away in a place where mad people are conﬁned,
and they kept me there. I am not mad, you know;
_l theypretended that I was, and am.”

"“I know. Well.”

;.‘?I_ rnade my escape. I hurried to the place where
_show_ was engaged; .that was here in New York, a
 ago. I sought my husband, and found that he
 beenphurtl, and that he was no longer -with, Hind-

How did that

 
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
   
  
  
    
  

' “Goon, please.” . r .
“It was late when I arrived. The show was half-
 I learned__ that my huslgand was no longer
M, W _ , I. sought my sister, but only to learn that-

%ge£l,.§that she had killed her husband, had been ar-
‘’ , had and was no longer toibe found.
11 wandered arnong the dressing‘-rooms, and I»
at the petfof_mers’_« entrance when Madam Ma- r
' into '’ ring.‘ Her ‘disguise’ was good
j but new throug’l1it instantly.f' . ' ,

‘ iilurewnhat. she was Millie,‘did,you .>"'
followed herjiput a little way, and ‘I-—-I saw

ﬂz\v,“t!I¢’aet; in whiel1}isli_e tried to shoot you. and
 leaped throtxgirthe barge! the cage upon
and so frightened. {lento death. 1 isawit all."
 . than. :9.‘ ~_  _; I p;; = T -

   
 

lain: ‘under e:h¢é1.i°i‘héy inf theélephhw
.l   W 0“ M°“iﬂ;=  0% mt». ‘Hr’
nae’ better   {oi!§e"e1sg, and sin that

  was in‘

 
 

  
   

 
      

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. _ 1

. there where it was and blink its yellow eyes toward‘ the

icnntv what  their that. ,; l_‘ came‘ .

could. _Ah, Nick Carter. 'fnfv;11"b¢ sac "

“That is all. After that I had only the one idea.
You know about that.”

“Revenge?” A .

“Yes. Against you, and against Hindpaugh. I
would have carried it all out, too, if Prince had not
arrived here when he did.”

“Without doubt. And now--—-”

‘‘Now ?” She laughed wildly, so that Prince half- . _
started to his feet and only subsided again at a sharp i
word of command from the detective. “Now!” she
cried again. “Why, now, Prince will do what he has
sworn to do. He will kill me and eat me, after ‘a. little.
Don’t you know that tigers never forgive their enes
rnies? Prince ‘hated Millie, and he hates me.” a i

“But he won’t hurt you if you do not move.” _ 

“He. will after you are dead, Nick Carter, and you 
can’t live much longer. You are half-dead now, from
starvation and thirst.” ‘ i

It was only too true. _ T

Nick was by now, suffering as he had never suffered .
before, from the pangs of thirst and lack of food. T

How to escape from the diﬁiculty, he could not'de-g ’=
terrnine. The tiger, although it seemed to realize that
the detective was a captive and was therefore incapable 7
of helping hirniselfhhad. notsuﬂicient intelligence to lend A
aid in any manner other than by remaining Wh’CI§V,.‘it‘ 
was to keep the other enemy at bay. ~ - 4  T‘:

It _cou_ldlnot unfasten the chains. It could not carry 4
3.’ message‘ outside. upon the street; it could onlyikliev

 .£n<‘..-'.....~.:.I.»u _..,.....,. ..;......\3..._. -. ‘

 
 

 on the ﬂoor who was responsible for theiprerirentzvggv.

situation. ‘ . . , 
"our"l1ands, and’ see what

  
  

i“'l_‘ry~n1ovlng one [of L 5
Princewill-do," suggested the detective, atilast,‘—i;jgd¢sZ~..
peration; butthe, woman‘ in male, attire on1y'i5ag1.§_a’_jt
back’ at ihirn.‘ ‘She had now recovered her cta;y~'oour~,
age ‘gain’.   . . V ‘ . 1 W  “rt  "T

,j“vI won‘-'t,”.lshe” retorted; :“I will lie here"  .;
‘quite still until?! see  die 33?; 

    
       
    

for the tiger’ cannot'_help' you, and I would

    
   

  

   
   
  
    
   
   
   
 
 
    
  
  
     
  
  
  
   
  
   

. save the one fact that he was safe from personal vio-
V klence on the part of Moumahd—for so he continued to
V iftiall the woman, neither knowing nor caring what her
 "true name might be.
by He realized ‘that so long as the tiger remained
1 gquietly crouched upon the ﬂoor beside his own fettered
iiiierson, Moumahd was content to wait and yvatch; and
3  remembered that it was fear of the tiger alone that
d seemed to inﬂuence the mad woman-
?ﬁncel” he called suddenly. _
The animal turned its yellow eyes “P0” his master
ﬁnd blinked, as if to ask what was desired of it now. ,
’ » “Rise!” he commanded it,’ in Hindustanee, for that
the only language the ‘creature had been taught to
, - and instandy the tiger rose to its feet, ,but still
grits head turned toward Moumahd» S.°_ thet 11°
 thatindividual might escaee its ¥‘°_“°?- 9
t  .Mo‘umah'¢__1,” said the detective, addressing the
 the goon‘ «1 want you to look upon the tiger
lift: stands! lieré besidé-.m°°.” . i H‘ ,
aw-en? A I.eamgk,¢king',?’ was the half-sullen reply. V
‘you ‘see. as snot»: that the animal eobers me?”
“I . ,

  

$9

. 1_§id'not ‘understand yvhat you said -

  

_ mate; it is’ the‘
.. , ht to-, obey-”  *
what of that?” 

only language it

. ‘ e ltigg;-: will obey everythingl order it to

t1iaIt‘tons"°: aF“.‘—.**"” "  ‘
‘ fw}iytir;ot.direct_ it tosunfasten
déi qn¢3l‘°“    V W s
1, win ‘them /presently, and in yamanner“
- m9l<°9vil*P°1‘éaM°“Vl‘h‘i'iii V i .

       V 

V . . of hjis\room' is'oipen§;l¢ft: s.oab‘y

‘your chains ?”

 
     
   
 
   

.1

  

upon the istret‘:4t«i‘s_,8lS0t'3,.l,3._T. £31995
 thavetentered t1;e'.l:x,>.t_;_se:,._.§1_<_:.§1 cit.

1,

   
  
 
  

 

“NEW "=NIc'1<:" CARTER WEEKLY.

‘exclamation’ of alarm -and started backward 
 sad the room-.i ,1: follows that 

 ~_appeare_d to be a seconfdtxian,-.Iying at ﬁulllength-on the‘.
 «.< I little -distance away, and screaming hastily; 

2'7
. J ’, 1 '

“The tiger will have attacked you by that time--
and tigers make sudden work of people they attack.

I am afraid you will be beyond help by the time they

. arrive.”

“Oh, please!” She was a woman now, all right.
“Do not set the tiger upon me. I———— What shall I
do to prevent it? Ah, don’t do that!”

“Shriek out, then! Call ‘Help! help! help !’ as loudly
as/you can. Scream it at the top of your voice.”

“But the tiger will attack me if I do that.”

“The tiger will attack you if you do not do it.
Shriek now, atxthe top of your voice.”

It was almost pitiful, that ﬁrst cry of hers. Niclé
could barely hear it, half-way across the room. But
the second attempt was more successful, and the third
was fairly good; and all the time the tiger remained
crouched upon its haunches, blinking toward her, but
making no motion to, advance.

Perceiving this, her courage increased; and, evi-
dently realizing, that the detective‘ would do as he had‘
threatened, Moumahd raised her voice by dc ees until
it rang through ‘the house with all the force that Nick
could have asked for.

For altime there was no appreciable result; but at
last the’ heavy tread of feet could be heard ascending‘

the‘ stairs through‘ the empty house. and ﬁnally a gruff ‘ 

voice. from beyond the door demanded:

“What's the matter in there?” V
At -the’ same instant the door was pushed widely L
ajar, {or it ‘had swung partly shut, and the burly form"  
of a uniformed policemap appeared in the opening. ”

~ But at the sight that was before him he uttered 

 
 
  
  
 
  
 

malt‘ ’ asrif hewould‘ reclose the door and get away;
and undoubtedly it"’wa's‘«a startling scene to corne.u;ion.'-
so suddenly, to,di§c0Y¢1'.’!a‘man chaineclgto the‘: floor;
‘with his hands  behind his back and with a i .
tiger ‘seated plaeidly. behind him; and to see what.‘  ‘N

   
  
   
       

eve“-n now ethatf the oﬁicer had appeared, 

Vfv

  

  fwhosettlaeauimals free.” ' »
r  _~sY...,"

~  and that

28

ning to enter the room. “Who are you, and what is.
the matter?”

“I am Nick Carter,” replied the detective.
you see that I am chained to the ﬂoor, officer ?”

“Yes. I can see that plainly enough.”

“Well, come inside and set me free.”

“And get myself nicely chewed up by that beast?
Not much.” 1

“The tiger won’t hurt you. L’ll answer for that.
Prince!” he addressed the tiger in the language it un-
derstood. “Down, sir. Way down!”

It obeyed. It dropped its head between its paws and
kept it there, and presently, after much more urging on
the part of the detective, the officer was induced to
come forward and to work upon the chains, after ﬁrst
using his knife to cut the cords which bound the de-

“Can’t

E tective’s wrists.

And presently, stiff and sore because of his long
conﬁnement in practically one position, the detective
struggled to his feet and managed to stand upright; and
the tiger uttered a low purr of approval as he did so,
evidently realizing‘ that help had arrived at last.

As soon as Nick was free the policeman lostrno time
in backing out of the door again, where by now others
had gathered as witnesses to the strange scene; and
during all that time Moumahd, as we will continue to
 the crazed woman, continued to scream and cry
out for assistance.

The detective’: ﬁrst act after he was free was to
seize upon the bottle of claret and water which Mou-
mahd had brought there, and, after satisfying himself
that it was really what it had been said to be, he
drained it ‘to the last drop. I
» Feeling refreshed, he ordered the tiger into a far
hornet of the room, and then, calling the officer "to
him again, after reassuring him once more that. the

 would do _him no harm, he pointed toward the
‘ . shrieking womaruand said:

I“O$eer, that person is a woman. By her own con-
fession she has escaped from some so:-t;of an institu-
 where cgﬁy people are conﬁned. Yesterday, or

 the day before——I do not know much about time since
V‘  have been ha'e—-she was known as Moumahd, the
I elephant-trainer of H_indpadgh’s show.”

“Gee!” exclaimed the officer." “Then she is the one

 ‘9’Wjell, shesurely is crazy. Do you know, "Mr. Car-

rmretbaa.adozeowild  from
sorneof them are at liberty.

-it

 

NEW~ NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 

“N o. I know nothing about it. . I was brought here
and chained as you see. I have been here ever since.”

“VVho did it, Mr. Carter 3” "

“Moujik, the big elephant.” , . -

“Oh, I know. Well, that elephant is dead. He was
killed half an hour ago. Three of the tigers are dead;
two of the lions; one of the black leopards. It has
been a great time. But I heard about your being car-
ried off by an elephant. Somebody saw it, only they
didn’t know who you were. And say, Mr. Carter!"

' “Well?”

“Those three assistants of yours-—-”

“Yes, yes, yes! VVhat of them?”

“Well, they are hunting high and low for you. The
whole police force of the city are wondering what has’
become of you, too.”

“Then Chick is safe? And Patsy? And Danny ?”

“I haven't heard that anything is the matter with

them.” - ,
“Thank you, ofﬁcer. Now, if you will go outside
and summon a patrol-wagon, I will remain here with
the tiger until‘ you return. The tiger is the only one
who can prevent Moumahd from doing violence. I
wish, by the way, that you would summon two patrols;
I will need one for transporting Prince through the
city. If A there is so much excitement about escaped
animals, it would hardly do to let Prince appear on
the streets just now.” i

The story of the laying of the ghost, which was no
ghost at all, is told. The ghost part of it, carefully
worked out by Millie’s sister in her character of Mou-
mahd, had readily atfected,the superstitious minds of
the circus performers; they had been only too willing
to believe that the circus was haunted, and because
of the resemblance between the sisters, it had been a
simple matter ‘for Mournahd to impersonate Millie,
when her paint and stain'of Moumahd the trainer, was
washed oh‘. - Then, aided by phosphorescence, the rest
was easy. .

Bertha Slade, for that was her- true name before her
marriage, was returned to the asylum from which she
had escaped more than a year before; Hindpaugh sent
abroad for a new stock of, animals, and_the show went
on as if nothing had happened to it. Nevertheless, the

escape of the animals, never explained so that the public_
exactly understood it, was the talk of the town for g ’

11196.

Tin»: END.

The next number (637) will bei“The Siecret of‘ a’
Private‘lR0om; or; Hide /Carter Makes an 

ymentz” ,:

\§
M,
4...;

.7’:
H
"5.

 

  

NEW YORK. Much 6. 1909-

TQIIH5 T0 N$K CARTER WEEKLY MAIL SUBSIRIBBRS.
G (Pbstagz Free.)
sinus Copies or Back Numbers. sc. Edi.

 

__ »_ one year ..................... “$2.50
‘  2 copies one year ............ .. 
0 months ......... ... ........ .3135 1 °°1’y “'° “W” """""" "

no‘, to 9“; g..”..3y post-oﬂioe or expres money order,
w letter. bank check oi-draft.‘ at our 11:.“ ;;_!'0‘11' 0"“ “sh 1‘ 5"“
currency. coin. or postage stamp! 1! W513 '

]...g,g._1g,°¢gpg of your remittance ls ecknowledgrggeby r\:'o[;lor

., 058-1393 of number on your label. It not oorreotyou have not in p M y
. credited, and should let us know at once.

. smart I: smrn. Puuiui-cu.
K  35"“-I H’ lrropnum. 19.39 save-ui Avene. New York city.

at

 T noes nun mu Inna own uvmo.

 

 Hull appears to be the Onil’ Pia" i" E“ghhd wife“ d?gs
Kore regularly employed to aid the police in tracking crim-
._ipal5_ At present Scotland Yard,has not recognized the
'us¢fu1ne3, of me canine in this direction, but the. time may
come when London \will be.patrolled by ‘dog pOil1C€lTlCl‘l.. q
.,'1‘}.¢ Hun police have discovered that.A1redae terriers
shake the best "canine constables,” and th“ breed 0f C103 ‘5
>‘$il’aordin.arily quick at hearin§- It “.35 b°°“ P"°"°d ‘hat 3”
Jfmredale terrier can heat’ 400 Yams farther fig 31;“ af mémé
"- - asa thief-catcher he cannot be beaten. 8 Oul’- 00 8
(chefs to be seen at the Hull Docks have been taught to
- the calls of small trumpets carried by the policemen,
Sham they accbmpanywhen on patrol. As a rule, the dogs
. held’ an leash, and wear avlcather muzzle over their
 ; ,0 ant when they have seized their quarry they can-

. we hm gr: exceedingly intelligent, and they have
, - 1,1 es ridden by “prowlers,” to refuse
‘ tamed to upset cydage, which may be seasoned with
ison, and to recognize a friend
' '_ ' t bles” are rendering

"ea filieemuyrbrkl-Itii£tsothcearni‘¢i$b'ixcs°‘:iiieaconsidcring whether
 ‘“°“~*‘“::.:.i*“.:;‘i:‘£:‘i;%:“,ei:"'aogs as de-
 Frcii police Three tray" Bhck’

  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
    
   
 
 
  
 
  
     
   

ed canines, named

district haunted by Apaches. 0? 00"‘

. a'P"isi” rted from the Belgian town of

e wefc iﬂl

 
 
  
  

 
   

- ." - ~ bee ' dt the treets
-,-."'h"y;t:°l;°n°ad.°c?, l5‘;ieeach‘.1 0: iliitistmcomidrtable

T ‘ 1, be _ rovided for their accommo-
  ogug-Isan cl; dog, when on duty, is
ﬁzfge, f 3 cmsuble, and the ial business of the

.. ,, ‘ runawafburglarsﬂand-. Apaches. ‘
famous “canine constable .- France possesses
of L; ,i_ and he has brought many a criminal’
A *0‘; t e -‘go, when onduty at the railway
‘- W ‘ éiﬁgeunarthcdammhidingmatrmh

"  llﬂlninmcollcaﬁ arrived. - Out the

   -thief, wag nbrolge. aywa);

 
        
   
    
   
  
  

     

  
 

" .
. :1 -
A ,.....s

    

i(’«,,t,,"

, turn out on duty every ni t in

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

99

from the constable and made off at to speed. Lion was
after him in a ﬂash, tripped him up, ans held him down so
securely that he could scarcely move a muscle. Lion never
injures his captives unless he himself is attacked-, when he
keeps them on the ground with vigorous blows of his muz-
zle. It costs Paris about $2,500 a year to run her dog-
kennels, and this large sum is not grudged in any way, the
chief of police declaring that the animals are the finest
adjunct possible to a police force.

A large number of German, Austrian, and Belgian munic-
ipalities possess “canine constablcs," and, like the dogs of
France, they have been taught to defend their superior
otﬁcers from attacks by bands of ruﬁians, “hold up” burglars
emerging from houses, and to give cliase at command.

Belgium has literally “gone to the dogs,” for the canine
has practically ousted the horse in King Leopold’s domains.
One can see in any part of the country. with the exception
of Antwerp, where. for some reason. old and decrepit gee-

.1 gees go, more dogs in an hour than horses in a day. Dogs‘

. German

.wher¢8b0“t8'bY

are permitted in all the Belgian towns to be used for draft
purposes, and, this being so, the majority of tradesmen,
whose business necessitates the using of a vehicle for’-the
conveyance of goods, keep one or more dogs. Milk com-
panies, who do a big business, employ dogs in large num-
bers, having stables for their special accommodation. Dogs
of all sizes and all types can be seen drawing carts through
the Belgian towns, and the very poorest person has his
or her draft-dog to help to lighten the daily labor. As early
as six in the morning, milk-carts, drawn by dogs and at-
tended by women, can be seen jogging along Brussels and
other cities. The baker, the hawker, the oilman, and the
wine merchant each has his dog and cart, and the farmer is
assisted in the tillage of his land by canines.

The strength of the Belgian draft-dogs is surprising. One
dog has before now hauled a cart several miles when that
cart has been loaded up with goods weighing over half a
ton. The one-dog vehicle is in the majority, but now and
again dogs are used in pairs. threes. tours, and even ﬁves.‘
To such an extent have dogs displaced the horse in Bel-
gium that in several of the smaller towns they are used
to ‘draw the ﬁre-engines, and they can career along at a
pace that would put any ordinary horse to the blush.

There are two distinct classes of dogs in Belgium—thc
“aristos” and “sans-wilottes.” The latter is the class that is
common, and to linda pet dog is about as (liﬂicult as ﬁnding
a needle in a haystack. Ninety-nine dogs out of a bun-
dred in the land of King Leopold ave to work for their‘
livin and their masters’, too. Put an average New York
dog in a Belgian‘ cart, and he would be incapable of drag-
ging it ﬁfty yards, but the Belgian dog will pull his vehic e
fdr miles and miles, and feel none the worse for it, so
strong is he and so well trained for the work. The ma-
jority of the dogs haul really smart—looking carts, and are‘
bedeclted with harness specially made for them. In some
gases the cost of the harness would purchase half a dozen

5- . _.
°%Vhile Germany has innumerable police dogs, she also re-
ards canines as a necessary art of her war department. ‘
girne time since, the German {her Oliice conducted experi-
ments at Vcls in. Silesia, for testing the utility of the dog
on the battle-ﬁeld. Sixteen dogs were examined, including
pointers and sheep-dogs, collies, water-spaniels, and
nondescripts. " The water-spaniels proved to be the most
“wide-awake." In carrying messages 3,000 meters t ey re.’
tained a speed of one kilometer in 4% minutes. The proved
themselves competent in every ssible way, show ng their .
aptitude as watcll;dogs,_ their _ ili while being ed on
leash, their capabilit in carrying t 1' result of a‘ recon.»
naissance by a patro to the main army, rejoining a patrol '
a lon time after-gits departure, and in seeking out the
w ' ed and announcin to the ambulance corps their .
‘OW barking. I j .' . ~
There is a corps of dogs attached to our own army, and
» - I , at .

\r 5

 

 7 » President Adams was built here on May 19, 1798.
‘ General Wilkimon, Commander in Chief of the United States
>  army, down the Ohio on June 8 of that year, being built in
frécordtiine. Shortly after. this the keel of a second galley,
 ‘the Senator Ross, was laid out, but the galley boat was not
_  hunched until the sprindg
i ., not occur these vessels i

3 Al runs, and in the same year the Con est, a schooner, was »
  from the yard of Captain nil"
 oiyrzﬁ tons and was piercedgfor sixteen guns, so it was
 ; g‘ to formidable craft. . It ‘saslcdf r the West Indies under

 
   
 

30

the animals are supplied with canvas shoes, which cover
the feet entirely, and are strapped to the ankles. The shoes
were invented by a military oﬂicer, and are worn by the
dogs to prevent their feet becoming sore on the rough stub-
ble and prairie. ‘ a

Dogs are doing good work in all parts of the world.
People who have visited Mont St. Bernard have probably
seen the handsome monument erected to a convent dog
named Barry, that saved forty lives. For ten years this
canine wandered on the glaciers of the mount, and during
that period found forty travelers lying helpless in the
snow. Barry was struck by a stone thrown at him by a man,
and the blow resulted in his death. The monument erected
to his memory is of marble, and bears this inscription:
“Barry, the heroic, saved the lives of forty persons, and was
killed by the forty-ﬁrst.”

At the present time, a German musician named Buechel,
who is givin a “turn” at a variety hall in the fatherland,
owns a poode which, when his master sings in a falsetto
voice, follows the notes with soundsof almost identical
pitch, singing to some extent a duet with his master.

It might e remembered that a singing dog created a
furore among Parisian scientiﬁc men a few years ago. This
animal, which belonged to Doctor Bennati, could sing the
scale perfectly without any assistance from the human voice
or a musical instrument.

—-:—+><o~+—————
WAR-VESSELS HJILT ON THE OHIO.

Strange as it may seem, gunboats, ironclads, war-scl1oon-
ers and light—draft monitors were actually constructed and
put together on the banks of these rivers, the boat-yards
forming veritable hives of activity at suchitimes as the
War of 1812, the Mexican War and the greater conflict
of 1861-64. Even prior to the War of 18:2 war-vessels
were built in Pittsburg.

Boat-building is beyond doubt the oldest industry of Pitts-
burg. At a time when the country swarmed with Indians
hundreds of canoes were turned out here, and later, when
the Indian trader and trapper came to the “Forks of the
Ohio,” he built rude ﬂatboats to transport his furs and
peltries down the river. Boat-yards were established as early
as the Revolutionary War, a large number of barges being

constructed in I for army use at a poiht just above the
 of Turtle reek. Boat—building for the United States’
navy began in this city more than a century ago.

When war with France was imminent as the result of

M , Napolcoxfs high-handed actions in closing the mouth of the

Mississippi to American commerce and travel the galley
It carried

of 1799. As war with France dil
d not see any service.

It appears from the accounts of those early days that

if V .the.clncf boat-builders for the navy at this place were
 Brothers and James Bethoud & Co., bqth ﬁrms
‘ ' :'h3Vl‘ng yards at this point. In the year 1804 many brigs,,

and other vessels were on the stocks of these

\

lphalet Beebe. It was

Captain Kenny 4 ‘ was heavily armed and
acrew so itﬂwould clean out the pirates
 waters and which played. vac

wﬁ ‘ ’

 

‘which are uncommonly well done.

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

grandfather of the late Mrs. Schenley, owned several mer-
chant vessels, one of which fell into the hands of Spanish
pirates 0 rating in the Caribbean Sea.

The n great period of war activity was when the
Mexican war broke out, when six vessels, two war-steam-
ers and four revenue cutters, were built here. The war-
steamer Michigan was bark—rigged and the war-steamer Alle-
gheny ship-rigged ; four others, the Bib, Hunter, Walker and
Jefferson, were schooner-rigged. It seems strange indeed at
this late day to hear of sailing—vessels built and launched
in this city, for there is now no craft with spars and rigging
turned out in this section.

During the civil war a number of ironclads or gun-
boats were built here, the Manhattan, Marietta, Saazdzasky
and the Manayunla. The iron—c1ad monitor Manayunk meas-
ured 225 feet in length, 43 feet beam and drew I2 feet of
water. Its burden was 120 tons and had a speed of twelve
miles an hour in still water. The Manayunk was towed
down the Ohio on March 6, 1865, having broke loose from
its moorings the night before, but without any mishap, al—
though it ﬂoated three miles or more.

Among the unique war—craft ﬁtted out in this port were
the rams or ordinary steamboats made iron-clad by plates
of boiler-iron and the pilot-house and other parts protected
by walls of heavy timbers. These were attached to the
ﬂotillas of gunboats on the Mississippi that performed such
good service at Vicksburg and other places during the war.

A NEWSPAPER FOR BURGLARS.

 

1 .

This is the ’age of specialization in journalism, as in other
things, the world over. If early every trade or profession has
its organ. But in the ancient city of Moscow an editor has
discovered an entirely new ﬁeld for newspaper enterprise,
which appeals to a numerous "clientele. His paper, which
made its first appearance only a little while ago, is called
Bosatska Gazeta, which, interpreted, means, “The Bare-
footcd Man’s Gazette.” It is.a 1ittle.weekly journal, con-
sisting of one double sheet of printed matter. It is osten-
sibly run by thieves and vagabonds for the beneﬁt of thieves
and vagabonds.

The bulk of its contents consists of contributions froni
burglars and other folk who rey upon society, in which they
describe their successful exp oits. Its tone is humorous and
racy, The text is enlivened with comic sketches, some of
Unless the police sup-
press it, it bids fair ‘to have a prosperous career.

It is not lacking In advertisements, most of them of a
decidedly unique character. In one issue, for instance, a
young man announces that, “being full of energy and tem-
peramcnt and having a loving heart, he seeks a life partner
in the shape of a young lady with small means." The ad:
venturer goes on to say that “having practised housebrcak-
mg from his tender youth, he is now, at ﬁve-and-twenty, as’
expert_a burglar as any in Moscow, and can, therefore, as-
sure his wife comfort and even luxury.”

The “_oﬂice” is situated in the Niltitinski, a shabby enough

street, opposite a small theater. It is avéprivate ﬁat, and its 
c

small dirnensions——a room overlooking courtyard—seem

for the table, chair, and stove which furnish it.

too hr ~
The chair is occupied by a sboclroheaded youth with long 
black hair, intelligent eyes, and an odor of greasy sheepskin 

and stale tobacco. «He always says the editor is out, 
contributors are invited to leave their offerings on thetahle, ..

where lay an
blotting-paper.
management of the
knows whereit is "
been on its track _
out once awcelé, andcosts 5 oopecks,cqu1valeatto5 cents,

aennyty‘ ‘vo‘dka«bottle, a tea—stained piece of

least of all the

 
  

a few ‘cigarette ends. 1 In a word, the 
paperns wrapped in mystery. Nobody 
, _ ,_ police, who have,,..«

the tint number appeared. It  _

 Our LATEST IssuI=:s‘1
THE NICK CARTER WEEKLY

The best detective stories On earth. Nick Carter-'s exploits are read the world Over.
I . I-IIGH ART COLORED covaas. 32 BIG PAGES. PRICE 5 cams. .

N A»Mmi°“i" Swmdlu 3 0'' Nick Cum)‘ Expowu of 3 smpea. 63I—%"l:eHl6Ii:f1Bi:t°thned c1:,iN:ick Cartserl’zsel1E11ea;E:t’1i\:purOach to

Scheme. E“
Schgmgrs N’ k Ca tet After the Confitlence King. <31’-
'&,“:%,u of ;  Nicrk Carter Meets with a Great 632-The Txmelock Puzzle; or, Nick Carter’: Bank Vault Cue.

633-The Moving Picture Mystery; or, Nick Carter's Blinded Trail
I  f Mm or. NW1‘ Cam" 5*"°3§;§,f‘C",,t“,,““f;,4 634-The Tiger-tamer: or, Nick Carter’: Boldut Strategy.

k am' M Guam“; of’ 635-1‘; Strange Bargain; Or, Nick Carter’: Dead-shot Circus Can.

1'HI: DIAMOND DICK WEEKLY

hggogs of the, storiesfpublished in thisspgveeledkil :3: :ga::l:tel:.$ftS of 60,000 boys Diamond Dick is I

Q-um-I An-r coLOnI§O covans. 32 BIG PAGES. PRICE 5 cents.

The Haodoo Of Number 642—DlamOnd Dick’: Aztec Captive: or. A Secret of Old Mexico.
33"“ 1., , I Q.“ ‘°" '5‘ "‘°“ S“"k" °" at f 643--Diamond Ow. Peon Pad: 1!. A Hand-to-band Fight for mu.
Diamond Duck and the Claim jumpers: or. The Had 1- ° m—maa.ifi£Ia'. Matador Rival; Or, A Treacherous Foe in the

7 H: P ttennn. go
mmoﬁﬁyoiws Snow-choc Trail; Or, When the Broken cm.  Dick’: Paddler. Pad; or, The Unseen Tenor of the 11.
Dana‘ 735 A

 1:5:-.k's Mexican Quest: °*o'“" T"" °‘ '1” D‘°°° 646-Dlunond Dickksilent Special; Or, The Lump anauueaa.

THE; BUFFALO BILL STORIES

gum i i '1 stud“ of wesmn ‘dvagtgfg. he ignlguwﬁreekly containing the adventures Of, the famous

  
 
   
    
     
    
   
     
   
   
    
   
  
    
 
  
 
     
  

5 N ‘ GENTS.
OLORED covEﬁs_ 32 BIG PAGES. PRICE 5
‘ H'G:m,AB:§ G A Cando“ Em. «om Calmmy," 403—sBuffalo Ell’: Private War: Or. AI-lelplng!-land foroverland Doc.
 gm»: -[-,‘.,§::, 0., Tbg still Hunt On the San Juan. 404--Buffalo Bill and the Trouble Hunter: Of: The Lure O! the Mission
Jim.‘ Dutch pm}, or, Trailln the Tiger of San Juan. Gold.

. V  I‘?! :1; B“;,.k‘:,°;;-1‘f\h,Queae,;¢(g;£;I1rIi3§ai):fnai;h Gum‘. 405-Buf!fal§g'BiI1 and the Rope Wizard: or. A Tic-up with the Rim
V Bill’: Package“ of bulb: ct. Turnku 05- T451“ °“ 4o6——BuffIIlo IaIu'.Fzum oc.AIOuI.waII= theDukoOiGnu'rou. '
%:¢~,r Cab“; W Y. ‘wont.’ Tmm, 407-—BaﬁalO BIII Among the Cheyennu: or.-The Ram of Paquiu. — _
by .3 n.w‘dea1er‘§, or win he sent to any address on receipt oi price, 5 cents per copy, in money or postage stampr, by
‘I "yr aisurra ipubushes-o 79-39 SEVENTH AVE., N.-Y.‘

I;I= YOU.WANT ANY BAGKINUMBERS ‘ .

. ‘Nd, bcbtainedh-O thisofﬂ dt1ect.FillOutthcf ' Orin
ma“ m'mo‘int?eYv::k1la youasgnmdavge will send thexnmto you I; return mail. POSTAGE 8 AMP!

As“iiﬁx«.

. ‘ .-..-s--on-o-cnacovoonquooaq.
90-oven-noun;-o-us-ououootool-a-I
avenue-II0I"""'

}IOthCCOuC!''‘‘''

‘ &W.r!’79sev-€nth1Av“¢".NWY0fko ‘ .............r.....V...............I90

AVA‘iB“:s&“___Ehd°s¢dp1,,,5¢&a;d;...............cents'£Orwhichsend"mer ; _
«é-,.°.£v7rIPToPVw£EKLY.................,...................t.....................u.......v.: "y_

A“tru<V1<;cAR1'ERWEEKI.Y.3}L.t.....;...............W..........;.......................y.‘.€,.I

z=r§). 'Dm:wmY».......:.....‘...£.........i.....y......,....‘..'..........§....3y‘

 ..

I ‘.’.§.§;§‘§'--~5¢atit--Ir€;?~x-H4?f'~?v'!.<fL’?"T  '-.-1-7‘-12*!-3hPW:~_r_:i~9*? _§"7

 
  

v

  

  

 jg   No.2. Motor Matt's Daring; or, rm to His ram

    PRICE, FIVE CENTS PER corv  f 

F. .
T ESHECIALLY IMPOR TAN T .' .' —'——————---——

MOTOR STORIES

A ‘New Idea in the Way of Five-Gent Weeklies.

Boys everywhere will be delighted toihear that Street 8: Smith are

now issuing this new ﬁve-cent weekly which will be known by the
name of MOTOR STORIES. ’

This weekly is entirely different from anything now being published. It de-
tails the astonishing adventures of a young mechanic who owned a motor cycle.
d Is there a boy who has not longed to possess one of these swift little machines
that send about the roads everywhere throughout the United States? Is there a
boy, therefore, who will not ‘be intensely interested in the adventures of “Motor
Matt,” as he is farniliarly called by his comrades?

:v‘aa.~.e...v.M...i._,,m... , 5» d..,..,v.-' . ..  . K

”' Boys, you have never read anything half so exciting, half so humorous and
entertaining as the ﬁrst story listed for publication in this line, called "Motor Man;
or, The King of the Wheeh” Its fame is bound to spread like wildﬁre,
causing the biggest demand for the other numbers in this line, that was ever
heard of in the history of this class of literature.

Here are the titles to be issued during the next few weeks. Do not fail to
place an order for them with your newsdealcr.

No: 1. Motor Matt; oij, The King of the Whed.‘

No. 3.M_A Motor Matt’.s “Century" Run; or; The Governor's Courier. 
No. 4. Motor Matt’s Race; or, The Last Flight of the Comet. 

w.

  at uni GE sIzE PAGES sPEENnIn coLoREn covERs= 

 _,ALL..= NEWSDEALERS, oR SENT POSTPAID A BY THE Pu_I3.  I
as 1 I   LISHERS upon RECEIPT or THE PRICE. E « 

  SMITII.   Publishers.  W   I i

 

     
 

 E

  

     

,‘~:%  Q‘ II. In,‘ 

     

    

'407—A Bank President‘: Plot.

 

A T no-—-ran My-u

 

 

  The Nick Carter Weekly

ISSUE EVERY SA TUROAY

BEAUTIFUL COLORED COVERS

When it comes to detective stories worth while, the NICK CARTER WEEKLY contains the only ones that should
be considered. They are not overdrawn tales of bloodshed. They rather show the workings of one of the finest minds

ever conceived by a writer.

The name of Nick Carter is familiar all over the world and the stories of his adventures are read eagerly by millions,
in twenty different languages. No other stories have withstood the severe test of time so well as those contained in the

NICK CARTER WEEKLY. It proves conclusively that they

We give herewith a list of all the back numbers in print.

are best.

You can have your news-dealer order them or they \vill

be sent direct by the publishers to any address upon receipt of the price in money or postage-stamps. »

331—.\‘ick Carter’s Thumb Clue.
334-.\‘ick Carter‘s Crooked Trail.
335-—-Nick Carter's False Clue.
343-——Nick Carter and the Phantom Room,
01 POW"! Lane. 444-The Crime of Union Square.
346--Nick Carter 011 and Off the 445——A Millionaire Criminal.
cent. 446-The Broadway Cross.
352'-—NlCk Carter and the Langwor- 447.-—.The Princess Possess,
thy Tteasure._ 448——'1'he Quexel Tragedy,
353--Nick Carter Forging the Fet- l50—Missing; a Sack of Gold.

1911- ' 451—The Great Cathedral Mystery.
354-Nick Carter from Peril to 452_A Play for a, Million.

PET“. ' _ l53—'l‘he Pear-Shaped Diamonds.
357—NlClK CV18!‘ in 8 Finish Fight. -l55—Nick Carter's Human Weapon.
358-—Nick Carter and the Triple 45e_'1-he Conxpact, or Death,

Identity. ‘ 457-—'I‘be Rajah‘s Revenge.
359-—.\'lck Carter and the “Queen 45s_A Tragedy of the sea,

of Diamonds." 460—Kairo the Strong.
380-—Nick Carter and the Missing -i61—Nick Carter's Strange Power.

Jewels. —i62—Nick Carter and the Matrix-
361—-Nick Carter's Great Success. burg Again
362——.\'ick Carter's Search for 8463-The Millionaire Cracksman.

Motive. 46-1—The Mystery Man,
363-—-Nick Carter’: Double Capture. 4s5_scy11a me sea Robber,
364——NIck Carter's Capture of the 466—'rne Beautiful Pirate or oyster

Jenkins Brothers. Bay.
387-—Nl(7k Carter's Suicide Mystery. 467——The Man from Nevada,
370-—.\'lck Carter‘: Diamond Trail. 468—Maguey, the Mexican.
372-Dazaar. the Arch Fiend. -i69—Pedro. the Dog Detective.
373-T112 Queen of the Seven. 470—'l‘he Automobile Fiend.
37-t~'I‘he Sign of the Dagger. 471-—Bellini. the Black Hand.
377——'l'he Last of the seven. 472—'i'he Black Hand's Nemesis.
382-Hold‘!!! VP 8 -\'ﬂ1l0D- 473—An Expert in Craft.
383'-Kldﬂﬂped in B1'08d Daylight. 474-—.\'ick Carter’s Terrible Experi-

385-'l‘he Secret Order of Associ- ence.
475-—-Thee iViystery of an Untold
rme

ated Crooks.
386—When Aces Were Trumps. .
476—Diana. the Arch—demon.
477—Captain Satan. the Unknown.

387——The Gambler's Last Hand.

388——-The Murder at Linden Fells.

389——Mercedes Dantonis Double. 478—A Wizard of the Highway.
479-—Abducted in Broad Day.
480—’l'he Tong of the Tailless

390~—'l‘he Millionaires Nemesis.
391——A Princess of the Underworld.
Dragon.
481-—-The Padlocked Mystery.
482—Dema. the Dangerous.

392—-A Queen of Her Kind.

393--isabel Benton‘: Trump Card.
483-Nick Carter's Murder Problem.
484-——A Battle Among the Clouds.

394-—A Princess of Hades.

401——The House with the Open Door.

402--The Society or Assassination.
485-The Veiled Princess.
486-—1'he Conquest of a Kingdom.
48’l—'l‘he House or Skeletons.

404-—’l'ho Trail of the Vampire.
488—A Queen oi inferno.

405-Demons oi the Night.
489-—Nlck Carter's Foxy Aldversary.
r

-H1——'i‘he Greenhouse Tragedy.
-l-i2———A Clever Grab.
-i~i3——The Mystery of the Front

408——'l'he Masked Criminal.
409——'i'bo Carruthera Puzzle.
41o—lno:. the Mysterious.
41l——'l'ho Criminal Queen’: oath.
412——'l'he Point of a Dasser.
422-By Command of the Czar.
428-The Conspiracy of an Empire.

406—'l‘he Captain of the Vampire.
490——'l‘hree Times in Pe

491—'l'he Gold lettered Dagger.
492-That Mysterious Ailair.
493—A Dead Guardian of Millions.
494-—'l‘he Mysterious Treasure

Hunters.

424-—A Queen of Vengeance. 495—'l'be Klondike Bank Puzzle.
429——'l'ho Phantom Hixhvayman. 496—'i‘he "Bad Man" of Nome.
480-—A lﬂllion Dollar 1-Iold-up. 497-—'i'ho Black Flag of Piracy.
481——l'lick Carter and the Man with 498—Foilowinx an Ocean Trail.

the Crooked Mind. 499—A Clue tram the Clouds.
482-—-Nick Carter‘: convict Enemy. 6oo—Praxatel. oi.‘ the lronarm.
488——-—'i'ho Pinto of the Sound. 502——i’Imalln, the Chieftain.
48¢-—'l‘ho Crime of the shadow. 503—Niclr Carter’: Earthquake clue.
435——A Prince of in on. 504—-Nick Carter Among the Bad

ryot ohn Duhwood. Men.

431-ronowin; a Blind Trail. l505——'l'he Man of Many Faces.
48&——'l'ho Crime of the Potomac. 506-—A latter from the Dead.
439--In the Shadow of Death.

Mo.-.—'l'ho Fear-Haunted Broker. man Crook.

508—TheGentleman Crook's L.'1.~'lA(‘t.
509-—The "Skiddoo" oi’ the K. L’. & T.
510-—The Last of the Outlaws.
511——Nick Carter's Twin Mystery.
512-A Battle of Wits.

513—A Game of Five Millions.
514—Codman the Poisoner.
515——The Plot of the Poisoner.
516—'l‘he Mechanical Giant.
517—Doris. the Unknown.

518—A Dangerous Woman.
519—Madge Marley's Ghost.
520—An Automobile Mystery.
521-—'l‘he Mysterious Stranger.
522——The White Arm of a Woman.
523—The Man in the Doorway.
52~i—The Plot oi the Baron.
525-—The Passenger on the Night

Local.

526——A Double Mystery.
527—Clarice, the Coutttcss,
528——Clarlre. the \\'0man Detective.
529-—The Index of Seven Stars.
530—An Amazonian Queen.
531—A Blackmailerls Paradise.
532——Gipsy Madge. the Blackmailer.
533——Facing an l'nseen Terror.
534—Idayah, the Woman of Mystery.
535—The Making of a King.
536—The Empire of a Goddess.
537—Zanabayah. the Terrible.
538—The Seven-headed Monster.
539—'l‘l1e Woman of the .Vla.~'k.
540—The Masked Woman's During

Plot.
5-i1—Hobo Harry. the llcggar King.
5<i2—Black Madge's Hobo Gang.
543-Black .\iadge's Vengeance.
54-i—A Tragedy of the Footlights.
5-i5—The Maynard Woman‘s Double.
;'>.irl—Three Against Fifteen.
5—i7—A Mystery of Two Passeiigers.
548-A Dead Man at the Feast.
549--The House of Secrets.
550—The Lost Batik President.
:'i51—Ralph Bolton's Double Plot.
552—'l‘he Dare-devil Crook.
553—A Mystery from the Klondyke_
55-i—Returned from the Grave.
555—The Mystery Man of 7-Up
Ranch.

556-A Bad Man of Montana.
557—The Man from Arizona.
558—Kld Curry's Last Stand.
559——A Beautiful Anarchist.
560——'l‘he Nihilist's Second Move.
561—'l'he Brotherhood of Free

Russia.

562—A White House Mystery.
563—'l‘he Great Spy System.
564,-The Last of Mustushlml.
565——Se(-rota of a Haunted House.
566—A Myltery in India ink.
587—'l'he Plot oi the Stantons.
568-The Criminal Trust.
569——'l'he Syndicate of Crooks.
570——’l‘he Order oi‘ the Python.
571—"i‘rled for His Life.
5'l2—A Bargain With a Thief.
5'I3—Peters. the Shrewd Crook.

GEIVG.

i5—'i‘he Yellow Beryl.

76—The Dead Man on the Roof.
71'-—A Double-barreied Puzzle.
T8—An Automobile Duel.
579-—Jasper Ryan's Counter .\io\-e.
580—An International Conspiracy.
581—Plotters Against a .\'ation.
582——-Mignon Duprez, the Female

Spy.

583—A Mystery of High Society.
584—A Million Dollars Reward.
585——The Signal of Seven Shots.
586—The "Shadow."

58't'—A Dead .\ian‘s Secret.
588—A Victim of Magic.

589—A Plot Within a Palace.
590——The Countess Zeta's Defense.
59i—’i‘he Princess‘ Last Effort.
592——The Two Lost ChlCl€I1d(‘ll>‘_
593-Miguel, the Avenger.
59~i—Eulalia, the Bandit Queen.
595-——'I‘he Crystal Mystery.
596———A Battle oi‘ Vvit and Skill.
597—Vnnderdyken. the .\iilliona§rr.
598——Patsy’s Vacation Problem.
599——The King's Prisoner.
600—A Woman to the R€.\’s‘U9.
60i——.\'i<-k Carter in Japan.
602—Talika. the Geisha Girl.
603—By Order of the Emperor.
60-i—The Convict's Secret.
605——The Man in the Dark.
606-An Anarchist Plot.
607-—The Mysterious Mr. Peters.
60S—A Woman at Bay.

609—The Balloon Tragedy.
61n.—Nick Carter's Strange.-zt Case.
611—'i‘he Stolen Treasure.
612—'l‘he island of Fire.
613——'i‘he Senator's Plot.
614~——The Madness of Morgan.
615——-A .\iillion—doliar llold-up.
616—Nick Carter's Submarine Clue.
617—['nder the Flag of Chance.
618—-The Case Against Judge Ber-

nard.

619——Down to the Grave.
620——The Fatal Javelin.
621—'I‘he Ghost of Nick Carter.
622—A Strange Coincidence.
623—Pauilne—A Mystery.
624-A Woman of Plots.

625—A Millionaire Swlndler.
626—The Money Schemers.
627-—On the Trail of the Moon.
628--The House of Mystery.
629—'i'ho Dian pearance of non-

sieur ereanx.

630—An Heiress to Millions.
631-—'i'he Man in the Biograpb.
632———'l'he Time-lock Puuie.
633—'l'he Morin! Picture Mystery.
634—'i‘ho Tiger-tamer.

635-—A Btranlﬁ 13I|'lIllI-
63G—'i'he Haunted Circus.
837—The secret of a Private Room.
638——A Mental Mystery.
68B—'i‘ho sealed Envelope.
640—'l‘be Message in Blue.

507-—Bare-faced Jimmy. the Gentle- 574--The Mystery of the Empty 841——A Dream of

Englre.
642—'l‘he Detective‘: iuppearance.

PRICE, FIVE CENTS PER COPY

from this oiﬁce. Postage-stamps taken thesazne as money.

I SUITE: PUBLISHER. 79-89 SEVENTH ‘V5: NEW

~ 11 you want any back numbers of our weeklies and cannot procure them from your news-dealer, they can be obtained ‘

 
 

  

