No_ 1130 NEW YORK, MAY 27, 192. Price 8 Cents

 
 
     
   

 A n ’   %oM@NEYo

THE Lxifﬁrmg A‘T@R6
[|R,ﬂ 1 ALLSTREET.

c”//‘-/W/75¢"/V/Z’/1/.

  
  

  
     

\\‘V\ .
~.z~\
W.

 
  
 

    

   

ad boys tell no tales." said Nahan Notte. pointing at
room you'll be slowly asphyxiaced. 'Tis an easy death. and. 9. sure
one. The paper will show that you committed suicide."

     AND  FORTUNE   

d’ Weekly-—Subscription price,’ $4.00 per year Canadian 4.50‘
. estbﬁry Bubllshing 00.. Inc., 140 cedar street, New York,’  Y'
1 ec.

Foreign, $5.00. Copyright, 1927, 
Entered as Second Class Matter ‘ —

3, 1911, at the Post-Uiﬁce at New’ rorlz, N. .r.. under the Act of March 3, my

NEW YORK, MAY 27, 1927 ’

'/l’CHAP'I.'ER‘I.——An Oﬁ-Hand Introduction.
.5 a, mighty pretty girl, Dic ,” said Fred
itaker. _ _' _ _ ~ V
‘;BeVt"your life she is,” replied Dick Markham.
‘,‘She's got the face of an angel and seems to
. as modest as she is pretty." 3 V ”
be gone on her, old ‘chap,
f’ onsense! _ I wonder who she "is_?”. ”
‘Some working girl out for a holiday.

“I don't fancy the young lady who is with her." «

‘Neither do IV. Too bold and forward to suit

V vMost fellows would call her a daisy, though,

V she’s well, dressed and has a lot of style about
i_  There, she’s lookingat us. 1/"Get _on to; that
 smile. I'll bet a; dollar she’s trying‘ to get
” 1) aﬂirtation with us; What doyou say, shall
éwecatch on‘! That “will give you the opening I

kitow you’re looking for to get’ acquaihted with "

angel, as you‘ call her. I »don’t' mind pairing

V with theﬁaisy to giveyou a chance withithe.
' '19 I ,. ' ‘ ’ ‘

Vglthoutltwaiting» for Fred to answer, 13181:
‘tipped his hat to the stylish girl and received an

uraging‘ smile in return.

'.Fred. I'm going over to speak: to.

us speaki/ng, Dick Markhain at the table
‘ere he’-and”-Fred had been ‘sittin for the past
ourswatching the crowd which thronged the

ntrner resort that hot August afternoon, and

V_ ying the refreshing ocean breeze, thatxswept
from the,»-sun-ﬁssed waters which lapped the

V ch within a hundredyards of where they sat.
e. was -nothing slow eabput Dick, who was a

ll‘Street messenger.’ Although he had said.

By A SELF-MADE MAN ,

name is—- what would you give to know?" 

said saucily. . V » ,
“It is only fair you should" tell me, since-
introduced myself,” said Dick. * V

“But you ought to remember it ‘1f.we’ve ”

before,” said replied mischievously. '

“Oh, I've got the worst memory in the 

for -‘names.-’ V .
“But not for faces,” she laughed

‘That’; right. Your face is so like¥so Vlilm

that of ‘a certain young lady I met, at the "ball 

the Criterion Club last1February at Terrace Gare

den that I could almost swear—-,-” '
“Oh, you must not‘ do that, Mr. Markham,’

saidgthe young lady with a rippling laugh which

quite captivated Dick, although her jet-black eyeﬂ.

and, fascinating ways had already vaccomplishei
at. '

’ _ “Oh, you know what I mean,” blurted Dielt.
conscious that he was no match for the chanmeir»
whomohe had sorashly intruded Von. 1“I-Ier.:uan'ﬂ;

.was—_—was-——”  A. — .

.V Dick scratched his head and looked appeal’

at‘ the; laughing young lady.

‘Well, I’m. waiting to hear. Really,

 ” interested in her identity.
“Pretty! Shelwas a peach!” . _ . 1  ,
_“And you say I resemble her?” said the

with a bewitchmg sidelong look which 

bly fetching inyoung ladies who have '
down ﬁne, and thisVon_e had it to perfaetim,‘
“Yo1_1‘_are the very pitcure of her,” repli ‘

enthusiastically-. _ V _v .V V.

"Now that is quite a compliment," she A
again,’ “What a. pity-yo'u'ca.n~’t reriiembei-%A

at he didn't fancy the stylish girl who was. name ’

= Vthe"’1)retty but plainly‘dres'sed one that his“

inpanion so much. admired, nevVer‘theIess"he-was

ed right over‘-to the table‘ where the- two.
* at’; by themselves, and, raising. his hat

gfyour pardon, rniss,.but Ithinl: we have V_ V _ _ K
fora” 1 A - * -  ‘ ~  and -your fr1en<.‘r,.why.——’

I  we“, have,’ but I dog’:-, recall just
«. V lien," iilegillfied the stylish girl  a
a :

e_, f welcome  -of, do-V by

0 ked

< but still v



g“,If'.yofu,’l1, tell me yours mayhe*—f"l-—’,’ 3,; ’y *

' 1 .“We1l, mine is Elise Reece.”
er eager to make her —acquainta_nce.“'He, ~

“Thanks. I guess you're not the, sam
:*w¢i12'é tantalizingly. e .  3
5 ;fiyou“-liav:e,.no objection to my friend.
mg a. little while in the society,._9£’yi_': ' ’
“Oh, I have no obj ection; V Call ourfriendgo
byzall. means. ’He looks kind of onesompeh
uh 1 s « 's}i‘rVe.h¢1isl;1ot,en5oyins' i
__you acquainted in in
‘M kha ‘

Price 8 Cents. _ 7

mi: V LITTLE   OPERATOR  

« 0R, CORNERING Tl-IE “BEARS” or WALL STREET   V

 , admired was far from being a ﬂirt.

2 . THE LITTLE OPERATOR

ever, barely acknowledged the introduction. Her
face ﬂushed, and she seemed ill at ease.

"‘Hi, Fred!” called Dick. “Come over here.
You’re wanted.” _

Fred, who didn’t have his companion’s nerve
at making the acquaintance of strange ladies,
hesitated a moment, but ﬁnally came. Dick in-
troduced him to both girls, Just as if they were
old friends of his, and, after winking at_ Fred
and nodding at the chair on the other side _of
the lovely ituby, sat down himself next to Miss
Reece and devoted himself entirely to her in a
way that showed he was quite struck with her
charms. Fred realized that the girl he so much
She showed
evident embarrassment in _his company, and he
saw that he had an uphill job before him to
overcome her diﬂidence. On the whole, he was
glad to ﬁnd that she was not at all like her com-
panion. He would have been disappointed and
not pleased had she made up to him as the other
was doing‘ to Dick. . _ _

‘‘I’m afraid, Miss Ray,” he said, “this‘inti‘o-
duction is a bit too oﬂ’-hand to please you. I am
sorry, and will withdraw if my presence offends
or distresses you." _ _

The tone of his voice, and the consideration for
her feelings which his words conveyed, had their
effect on the girl, and she raised her ‘eyes and
looked at him. That look had more Weight with
him that all the glances in the world. Her in-
nocent soul seemed mirrored in her eyes. Fred
had never seen such eyes before—they were those

» -of :1 Madonna, whose inmost nature was as pure

as her features were faultless and attractive.
The boy knew he was in the presence of as good
and sweet 2. girl as ever lived, and he felt he
could go through fire and water, make any sac-

‘ ‘ . riﬁce, in fact, for her.

 

 

 

anchored himself alongside of her.

“You are very kind to make the suggestion,”
she replied. “I can see that you are a gentle-
man.”

“Thank you, Miss Ray, for saying so. I trust
I am at least enough of a gehtleman not to press

my society on you if it annoys you.”

“The consideration you show for me excuses
the impropriety of our introduction. 1 am sure
I hardly know what you think of my companion
or myself for permitting two strangers like your-

self and your friend to make our acquaintance.

I feel greatly embarrassed over the matter.”

“I feel sure it was none of your seeking, Miss
Ray. Your deportment proves that; but I hardly
know how to act, as my friend seems greatly
taken with your friend, .and appears to have
They doubt-
less expect us to entertain each other. To prove
to you that I have some standing in the business
world, and therefore a character to maintain, per-
mit me to hand you my card, with my name, busi-
ness, and oﬁice address.”

Fred took a card out of his vest pocket and
presented it to her. She looked at it.

“You are in business for yourself in Wall
Street, I see,” she said, regardling him with some
interest.

“I am. I buy stocks and bonds on commission
for anyone who calls on me for that purpose;
but chieﬂy I am a speculator in the stock market
on my own account.”

“And your friend‘2"V

i

-1

  

“He works for a Wall Street firm of brokers as i
their messenger.

“He does not appear to be a bashful boy,”
said, with a half smile. ,

“No. He is certainly pretty nervy when it
comes to making advances to young ladies with
whom he is not acquainted,” laughed Fred.

“It would seem so.’ ‘

The ice now broken between them, Fred got-
on pretty well with his fair companion, who he

learned was employed in a large paper-box fac- _

tory on the lower West Side of New York. Miss
Reece also worked in the same shop, but drew
larger wages because, having been longer at the
business. she was more proﬁcient.

By degrees Fred found out that Ruby lived with

her widowed mother in a cheap tenement on the .

East Side, and that they had some difficulty, in

making ends meet, because there were time, dur- ’
ing the summer, when work was dull and her in- .

come barely enabled her mother and herself to‘-
get on with the strictest economy. Ruby never
would have thought of conﬁding so much to a,

stranger but for the fact that Fred’s manner .~

was so courteous and sympathetic that he won his

way into her good graces, and being naturally of —

a trustful nature, where once she was attracted
to a person, she talked quite freely about her-

self. Fred, on his part, was equally frank with -

her. _
He told her that his father had been dead about‘

ten years, and that he was living with his mother _

and a young sister, who attended school, in a
small, but very nice Harlem apartment. She
learned that when he graduated from a grammar

school he went to work for a Wall Street broker‘ H

as office boy and messenger, and ﬁnally rose to
become a junior clerk in the counting-room. While.
acting as-messenger he had contracted a likin
for speculating in the market, which he follow

with pretty fair success for more than a year, '7

thereby accumulating a few thousand dollars over
and above his wages. The death of his employer,
and the closing out of the business by the widow, '
had thrown him out of a job three months since,
but instead of looking for another position he

rented a room in a Wall Street skyscraper» and ' --

started out on his own hook.

“I haven’t set the woods aﬁre yet with what I; . V» V

have done,” he concluded laughingly; “but when
business starts up again next month’I hope to
make a showing, and eventually make a good busi-
ness for myself.”

“You must be a smart boy,”
a glance of admiration.

“I hope I am, for it requires smartness to make’
one’s way ahead in this world.” ,

He then interested her with a description of
how business was carried on in Wall Street, and
explained what made it the great money center
of the country. While they weregetting on very
nicely together, Dick was talking nonsense to his

she replied with

charmer, and, apparently making great advances "

with the young lady. As a matter of fact, the

young people were well paired. Fred’s conversa- . v

tion would not have greatly interested Miss Reece,
while Dick would have found Ruby.Ray verypoor

com any. _~ ' , \ _ _ ' 
ff. ell,” said Dick at length, “I think it’s about

     

 

We have known each other for 
ﬁve or six years, went to school together, in fact, "
and are what might be considered chums.” .~ '
she ’

  

  ?I'H;E »I_..IT'1‘,LE- orsanroa  A l

ated,  ‘young ladies to a soda or’ice- 3

a Qfwhichever they ‘prefer, Talking is dry
rk, azidfa‘ little li uidfrefreshment is about the
ht caper, I appre end.” ‘. _,
This remark on his part seemed to meetwvith
1§s .Re'ece’s approval.

etableand-looked at Fred and Ruby as if ex-
ithem to follow. " The young‘ Wa1l_Street
er’; to'r..1ooked inquiringly at his‘cmnpani_on.
you object to having an ice cream wit
, hesaid’. “If you doywe will remain here
‘till? yvfriend and yours return. I think, how-
i hat we ought to go along.” 
y. hesitated and blushed a little.
,u need not heafraidto trust yourself with
Q51 s Ray, notwithstanding the unusual man-
or introduction.

go with him to a near-‘DY Pavilion where
and soda, as well asother soft drinks,

dispensed. »_ The four tookfttheir places. at ‘

" y -themselves and passed another half- 
',e1:y pleasantly together. ’Miss Reecerthen

” V t’ ’her_watch and said she expected to’

rggncle at ﬁve o’clock at a place she did
1'11 e.‘ ' , 3" l

e said, “we*l1 have to bid you good-by,
you-boys for the good time. youfhave

us. 1 _ _ - . 

V n’t we W‘aIkfWi1?h.y0't1 to the place where

rly. N

:‘ct1‘é2;1c1ly.-strangers. to us,’~she replied, with .a
keel ittlésvlaugh. o i * “ c  i 

speaking, sheﬂgrahbed"Ruby  arm 
rched off, after casting a” tantalizing-i

ove'r«her shoulder at Dick.  V

'1'

ER .,II.——Fred .Makes, ‘ a» Startling
’, ‘ ,Discovery.'..._ ,‘  ~' 

other her unclel’? growled’Dick,in a tone is

' S 11 and ;disappointment. ‘‘I, was’ ﬁguring
_ gM1ss~R_efe<;e into 3.1 the shows on the

, She’s all tojthe‘ Q ,

3119. é. fine tune with ‘her

ducts .
ﬁe p=ung,~lady,’.‘,_Said Flies}. who wasaibeit ‘put
‘l1}'l§,?,1f at losing Rul:gy[’s,soc1et_yy, T‘  . W ‘ .,

“before we ;xr1/ade_ﬂthe. acquaintance of
I said I didn’t fan’cy,her much, you ,

l_'caus'e..sh;e was todboid and forwar

11' right. Hovr dmyou get: on 'w h’_ V

 . ﬁn. any , or  
tsshe isnt it

She and Dick rose from .

I assure you I will‘ look-
with just asmuch care as if you were ~

1. ords ainddlook reassured her,‘ and she cony

xpéct_"to' meet your uncle?” asked Dick

11, dear,’ no. V‘  _might not ’care to-see“
the ‘company - of two "young "men who\are‘

d‘1I was expecting
. \ A M l'1en.she liringvsher .
eve into a the matter and  left i in the;

. to have” ch anvg-eciiV‘;yoi_.1I1lj opinion , about" i

should C01'né\ down ’hé§e butting iniwhere theyre

‘not wanted.” l

“Maybe the uncle excuse‘ was just a'trick‘—of
hers to give us the quiet shake,” said Fred, as
the idea struck him. .  ,

“Do you think so?”, ‘said Dick. "fLet’s.fo11ow‘
them and see.”  ’  ~‘ I “ ‘ ' M '3’

. “No. We have no right to push matters too
far, You have a great nerve, anyway, to“ in 04-
duce yourself. Some, girls would have been 1n-
sulted and said things you wouldn’t have,1iked_~”

“Oh, fudge! "She encouraged me,”and Itook
advantage of a good thing.” - - , ‘ _ - 1

‘‘That’s allright. They've dropped us, so“ we?
let them go." ‘ 

, Dick was clearly not satisﬁed with the fwa
things had turned out. Elise‘ Reece had mad ‘
great impression on him, and he £e1t~as=if;'hi
pleasure had been spoiled for the»:-est Oi i1he~ 33.3’
Fred also felt disappointed, but as he knew vyh Jo‘
Ruby worked in New Yorkihe wasiconﬁdent

i would be able to meether ‘again. Miss Reecehad»

not conﬁded anything to Dick, for she» wasn’t 315*
the conﬁding kind, and consequently that you
man wa»sat‘.sea.as~ far as she was concer11ed'.'Fr D
and his chum wandered around the island for‘.
other hour in an aimless way, taking verylitt
interest in the freesights. . / c . ,, .—
“Let’s have dinner now, old chap,/and 1;,
we’ll take in the ‘Bowery?’ said the little op ‘
“All right. I’ll to’ss= with you to see, who p ’ '
the meal.” “ V
“No, you won’t.
trip!’ a D . _»,. l 7 ~ .
Dick made no objectio«n,'to‘tha‘t', so -they,;we’n
'mto a .ﬁ_rst-class .restau_ran’t,. which was 1’ A
crowded, found half a table an’d,'g“ave their or ,
, ‘a dark by the time theyzleft th
restaurant, an they started for the streeitkwhe
the vaudeville shows were in full. blast. '13h'
picked one”out and entered. No charge was mad

rm going;  stanidtreat \

' for admissiombut the patron‘ was ~expe‘cte

make igood‘*in the way‘ of drinks.‘ 7 When the
took their seats at a_, small round table, the
est ‘waiter promptly made his appearance.
“;_7Vhat’ll yer ’ave?” he asked in a Cockn‘
cen.". — 1 .   _
“Soda for me,’.’ said Dick. . _ 
“,You._; can bring me a sarsaparilla,” said’
The waiter presently brought the refes

. which Dick paid for, tipping him a nickel,

the boys tfirned theiriattention to th smallsta‘

..where“a serio—comic lady in abbrevia d‘s
cfancy design was warbli,ng1a popular song.

the singer» had obligingly answered. an eaco
couple of,,kn,,ock4about_,artists of the churn
variety‘ came. out and’, tried, to show he

they could be, when they tried real hard, _,
the weregeiccutin ntheiri stun >Dick Budd

. _tb»é_.m-.l.. »  
’ ,ggered!’?“he exclaimed
'r?”'ask d F ,

 , est in Ruby now.

. countryman by long odds.

 

M :» drinks over. to the girls.
. high good spirits, but Ruby appeared much em-

 

 

 

4 THE LITTLE OPERATOR

ferent reasons. Neither liked the looks of the man.
There was something repellant in his face and
manner. If this was Miss Reece’s uncle, he did
not seem to be a credit to the family—assuming,
of course, that the Reece family was all right.
Fred began to feel a fresh and tremendous inter-
It seemed clear ‘that she had
entered the show against her will. Fred was
glad to see that, as he rather objected to such
places for nice young girls, though it is true they
were respectable enough in their way. Still Fred
wouldn’t have taken his mother or sister, or any
lady friend, there, and what he didn’t think good
enough for them he didn’t think good enough for
Ruby Ray, of whose character he had formed-a
very high" opinion.
_ “Why in thunder did that man come in’ here
with the girls?” he said to Dick. “He isn’t a
He knows the ropes,
if anyone does. I don’t like his face a little bit.”
“Neither do I,” replied Dick. ‘‘I don’t see
where Miss Reece’s taste is to shake a good-look-
ing chap like me for that old lobster. If I'd
been her I’d have forgotten I had a date to meet

. him, and let him hunt me up, which wouldn’t be

aln easy job among ﬁfty or sixty thousand peo-
e. .

“I think he ought to have taken them into one
of the parks,” said the little operator.

“Maybe he didn’t want to come up with the
price,” chuckled Dick. “There are so many shows
in the parks that to give a couple of nice girls
like them a good time would make a ﬁve~dollar
bill look sick.”

Fred made no reply. His whole attention was
centered on Ruby. The party of three took a
table only a short distance away, but as the girls
had their backs to them they did not see the boys.
At an adjacent table sat a well-to-do—looking man,
somewhere under the inﬂuence of liquor. Miss
Reece’s uncle sat within easy reach of him. When

i the waiter brought a beer and two sodas to the

table the uncle took the beer and pushed the soft
Miss Reece seemed in

barrassed. At this point a Dutch comedian ap-
peared on the stage and began to make 3. funny
speech. The well-to-do man seemed greatly tickled
at his performance. He called the waiter up
and ordered another drink, put his hand in his

‘ p)ocket and half drew out a thick wallet, when the

utchman said something that hit his fancy and
he removed his hand and began to clap vocifer-
ously. Then something happened that made Fred,
who saw it, gasped with astonishment, as well

. as indignation.

Miss Reece’s uncle, after a rapid sidelong glance

~ at the gentleman, furtively extended his hand,

pulled the wallet out of the maii’s pocket and
passed it to Miss Reece, who slipped it into Ruby’s
lap so dexterously that the poor girl was not
aware of the proceedings. Dick happened to be
looking at the stage at the moment, and he didii’t
see what happened. Fred was so staggered that
he simply sat and gazed at the three with open
mouth. ,The revelation of the character of Miss
Reece and her uncle, if he really was her uncle,
had stunned him. As he recovered from the shock
a feeling of intense indignation shot through his

H " . brain at the idea of suchan innocent girl. as Ruby ,

Ray. being  the coii1pany'.o£ such people. -It was

_ e done to save her.

   
 
 

. taken «Ito the »statioﬁ.,~ , That would brea

an outrage, and he determined to warn her" at:
any risk to himself. . '

“She's being made a stool-pigeon of,” he
breathed. “Why, the ﬁrst thing she knows" she’ll*
be in a peck o1’_trouble. By Jupiter, I’ll save her!
She’s the best little girl in the world, and it's my
duty to protect her.”

As he half rose in his seat the waiter brou ht
the d!'l1'lk.t0 the well-dressed man. He put is
hand to his pocket to pay for it, and missed his
wallet. He looked around on the ﬂoor. At that
moment MISS Reece’s uncle rose, whispered some-
thing to the girl, and started to leave the table.‘
The well—to-do man sprang up and grabbed him

by the arm. . ' '

f‘,Here, I say, hand over my pocketbook!” he,
said in a loud voice that-attracted general at-
tention.

“Y_our pocketbook!” sneered the uncle, shaking
off his hand roughly. “You’re crazy, man!”
. “You’re a thief!” roa-red the gentleman, seiz-
ing him again. . ‘ pi

“You’re a liar!” cried the uncle, striking his
accuser to the ﬂoor.

In a_ moment the hall was the scene of wild
confusion. .

CHAPTER III.—Fred Befriends Ruby.

When Miss Reece’s uncle ﬂoored the plundered W I I

man, Ruby uttered a slight scream and started _.
to rise, but Elise grabbed her and held her down,
at the same time fumbling in her lap. .

“Gee whiz!” exclaimed Dick, who wasn’t wise
to the real factstof the case. “That drunken lob-
ster has started a nice peek of trouble for Miss‘
Reece’s uncle and the girls.
in here in a moment. Let’s get the
out before matters get any worse.” ~

“Sit down,” cried Frank, pushing him back in
his chair. “I saw the whole thing. Miss Reece’-s .~
uncle pinched the man’s wallet, passed it to Miss
Reece, and she dropped it in Miss Ray’s lap.”

“What!” gasped Dick. “You're dreaming,’
aren’t you?”

“No, I'm not dreaming. Miss Reece’s uncle is
a crook, and she isn’t much better. Pretty
pany for that poor working girl to be in.”

“Good Lord!” palpitated the astonished Dick. ,

“The question is, what’s to be done to save Miss
Ray?
If

“How do you know she doesn’t know it? She ,
may be as bad as the others.”

“I'll stake my life on her honesty,” said Fred.

“You’re a chump,” growled the disgusted Dick.

.“If one is guilty I don’te see why the three aren’t V

in the same boat.” V

There’l1 bewa cop . 
young ladies _ . 

1

com-  1 .

”She’s got the wallet, but doesn’t know it. 

'7

' “If you had used your eyes you’d have seen that ‘ ’

Miss Ray came in here against her will.
it, for I watched her.”
“That may have been a bluff.”

I know '

“I Won’t hear a breath of suspicion against that __ . -:

irl,’’ said Fred angrily. “Something‘has got to

are searched, the wallet will be found on her. Then

she» as well as the others, will be arﬁested and,_‘
thezpoorf.

   

rt.£’ . .

Suppose the three of them  _]7‘

   
 

 . 110W.

 

    

 

THE LITTLE OPERATOR , - ’ I ”5 

,. "Well, what do you suggest? If I can be of
any use, count on me,” said Dick.

“I’m trying to think. Look at that Miss Reece
I believe she's trying to put the wallet in
Miss Ray’s pocket.”

Dick looked and saw that while Miss Reece had

‘one. arm thrown around Ruby’s neck and was

whispering to her, the other hand was in the

-girl’s lap. While Fred and Dick were arguing
-‘over the situation, a scene of confusion was tak-

ing place around the spot where the theft had
taken place. The proprietor of the hall made his
‘appearance from the direction of the stage, and
rushed over to the scene of the disturbance.

'" “Here, what is the meaning of this row?” he

V _ demanded.

“I’ve been robbed and assaulted by that man,”
said the well-to—do man, who had recovered him-
self, pointing at Miss Reece’s uncle. “I demand
that he be searched.” -

“Me searched! Why, confound you-——”

“Hold on,.” said the proprietor. “On what

-‘grounds do you charge this’ man with robbing

you? Such a thing has never happened in my
show}? - I

“He sat’ near me, and no one else could have
taken i .”

“Are you sure you had a pocketbook?" sneered
the uncle.

“Am I sure? Why, I had my hand on it a mo-
ment before I missed it. I remember seeing you
lean over toward me.”

“The trouble with you is you’re half drunk, and

you don’t know anything," replied Miss Reece’s
uncle. '
. “How dare you say I'm drunk, you_.rascal!”
cried the well-to-do man, trying to hit the ac-
cused, but was prevented by the bouncer of the
establishment.

“Anybody can see that you are,” sneered the

\ 5'. other.

“If, you don’t have that man searched right
here I’ll report the matter to the police, and that

‘- will give your show a black eye,” said the gentle-

man, who seemed sobered by the loss of his wal-
let.
“To satisfy this man, will you submit to be

:9 .'
se%§%:’:e(;.‘l1 gdltfggbhtophoskllsttgan to submit to ”

V I

replied the uncle,w“but as I haven’t got his pocket-
book I’ll let you search me.”

As he spoke he looked toward Miss Reece in"

a signiﬁcant way. — .
“Come, Ruby, dear, let us go,” Elise said.

Both of the girls rose from the table, Ruby
ale and trembling, clinging to the girl she be-
ieved to be her friend. As they started to make
their way out they came face to face with Fred
and Dick. Ruby ﬂushed to her hair and tears

. ‘ of mortiﬁcation sprang into her eyes.‘ Elise, on
 the other hand, was not a bit rattled.

5-’ “Oh, boys, isn't this a dreadful position for us
to, be placed in by a drunken loafer?” she ex-
claimed glibly. “I am so glad you are here.

4  Please lead us out of this place.”

» “-Take charge of Miss Reece,” said Fred to

-'his’chum; “l’l1 look after Miss Ray,” and he

placed his arm protectingly around the poor work-
ing girl. _

; She, put her handsto her face and bu-rst_1nto
tears. .

._,~\

“Don’t cry, Miss Ray. Trust to me, and I’ll
see that you come out all right. Keep close to
me and I’ll get you through the crowd.”

“Oh, Mr. Whitaker, what must you think of
me?” she sobbed. _ '

“There, there! Brace up. I think you’re the
nicest girl in the world, if you want to know my
real sentiments. There, we're through the crowd
now. Come over in this corner. Let your friend
go on.”

Ruby, however, hung back, and looked at Fred
in a startled way.

“Don’t be afraid, Miss Ray. I’ve got some-

thing to tell you of the utmost importance con-..

cerning yourself,” said Fred, speaking rapidly,’
for the girl seemed suddenly to have become
%fra1.{id_ of him. “I saw the robbery of that pocket-
oo .' .
Ruby opened her eyes wide and stared at him;
“Now, don’t get excited when I tell you that
it was the man who brought you two girls in
here who did the trick.” ‘ '

‘:lElise’s uncle!” gasped vRuby. “Oh, it“ can’t’

“I tell you I saw him take the wallet from the’
ma.n’s pocket and pass it to your friend.” ,

“Pass it to Elise!” . ’

“Yes. She’s a bad girl, and not a ﬁt associate’
for you, Miss Ray.”

-“Oh, don‘t say that. Elise is my friend;
She "

“A pretty friend she is!
wallet in your lap. I saw her do it.”

“Oh, you are not telling me the truth, and I
thought you a gentleman!” said Ruby, drawing
indignantly away from him. ";

“Before you judge me, Miss Ray, feel in your‘
pocket.
is there this minute—put there by Miss Reece.”

Ruby gasped in a frightened way and instinc-Z
tively put her hand in her pocket. A moment‘
after she drew out the stolen wallet, looked at it
in a horriﬁed way, and then uttered a cry like a‘
stricken deer, and would have fallen had Fred;
not caught her. Snatching the wallet and drop
ping it in his own pocket, he fanned the poor’
fainting girl with his hat. At that moment, Miss
Reece, impatent at the delay of her companon in,
coming outside, came in to see what was detains’

ing her. 2 «

What’s the matter with Miss

“Good gracious!
“Ruby, dear, what is the trou-j

Ray?” she cried.
ble?” .

Elise’s voice brought Ruby back to the realizal
tion of her situation. _

“Don’t touch me. Please go away.” Andshef
burst into a ﬁt of weeping and clung instinctivelyf
to Fred, whom she seemed to regard now as the
only friend she had in her trouble. “

“Why, Ruby, dear, what is the matterlwith ' ‘

me?” cried Miss Reece, astonished at the action
of her companion. ’

“The matter is, Miss Reece,’,’ said Fred sternly

you.” W
“In me_! What do you mean?” ﬂashed Elise, her
eyes blazing angrily. “How dare you make such.
a statment?” 
“Miss Reece, the less -you have to say‘the bet-*

ter for you, and the quicker you get away from  
here themore it will be to your advantage.” V! e

 

Why, she put the‘

If I am not mistaken the stolen wallet-

 

,1.

“that this poor girl has been terribly deceived in‘ V

    
 

   

 
 

 

 

 

 

I A 6 V THE LITTLE ~

“Why, you impertinent—-—" ”

“Stop, Miss Reece! If you say three words
more to me I’ll have you arrested.”

“Have me arrested ?” screamed the furious girl.

“Yes, as the accomplice of that crook you call
your uncle. I saw him steal the walletfrom the
gentleman’s pocket and pass it to you, and I saw
you drop it in this girl’s lap. You’re a disgrace
/to your sex, and you ought to be in jail.”

“How dare you say that? Mr. Notte will thrash
you within an inch of your life! I’d like to kill
you!” She would have ﬂown at Fred and torn
.-his face with her nails only for Dick, who grabbed
‘and pulled her back.

i A crowd was beginning to gather around them,
and Fred thought it high time to get Ruby away.

' iThe girl’s alleged uncle was approaching, too,

having established his innocence of the theft to
‘lithe satisfaction of the proprietor of the show.

V ..‘Fred drew Ruby outside, leaving to his chum the

-Jdiﬂicult task of preventing the frenzied Miss
Reece from following. -

\4

 

‘CHAPTER IV.—Fred Returns the Stolen Wallet
r‘ to Its Owner.

X “Come this way, Miss Ray,” said Fred, taking

‘the girl a few steps up the brilliantly lighted
-thoroughfare, which was alive with people, to the
.door of an ice—cream parlor. “We’ll sit here and
have a cream.” ‘

,' “Oh, I‘ couldn’t touch it, Mr. Whitaker—indeed I
couldn’t! I—I am -so nervous and frightened!”
E’ “I’1l order the cream, anyway, and_ you can
‘make a bluff at eating it. My object is to give

‘ ‘you a /chance to recover yourself, and we can’t

‘sit here without ordering something. Whether

We eat what we pay for is a matter of no impor—,

_tance to the proprietor.”
' ‘ Here a waiter came up and Fred gave the or-
der.
'. “Now I’ll have to ask you to excuse me for a
minute, or till I go back and get my friend. Try
and brace up. Remember that you are now un-
der the protection of my friend and myself. We
will see that you get home all right, and that no
further trouble comes to you.” .
“You are so good to me, Mr. Whitaker. What
should I have done but for you?” replied Ruby,

looking at him with tears of gratitude in her,

beautiful eyes.

“That’s all right. I have only done my duty
in helping you. Any real man or boy would do
his best to help a good girl like yourself out of

- her diﬂiculties.”

 Begging her once more to brace up, he went
outside and looked around for Dick. He saw his
friend standing in the middle of the street look-
ing in every direction for some sign of his chum
and the girl he had befriended. He also saw Miss
Reece aiidher “uncle” talking together on the
edge of the sidewalk a few doors from the show
where the trouble occurred. The giri. was excited,
while t e man looked angry and sullen.

' “Hi, ick!” shouted Fred. _ _ _

His chum heard his call, and turning in the di-
rectioii it came, saw him.

“Go to that ice-cream saloon and wait for me.
_You’ll ﬁiid Miss Ray .there. . Do your best ‘to

- it, and I'm pleased to have met you.

OPERATOR

cheer her up, and assure her we’ll look out for’
her,” said Fred when Dick came up. ’ ’

“Where are you going, old man?” . 7 ,

_“To_see the man who was robbed and return
him his wallet.”

“There he is, coming this way,” said Dick.

Fred saw him, and told his friend to run along,‘
that he’d be back presently. He -stopped the we]
to-do man. , ~

“I beg your pardon, sir; I-' believe you were ‘
robbed of a pocketbook in that vaudeville show
back yonder,” he said. i

“.1 was, and I’m going to report the matter to
police headquarters,” replied the gentleman.
“Were you in there at the time?” v »

“I was, and I saw the man you accused take
your wallet.” -
“You did! Then why didn’t you come forward
and state the facts? He was searched, but my
pocketbook was not found on him,” said the man
in an angry tone. , _

“I had my reasons for not doing it. The man'_
passed the wallet to one -of his female compan-
ions, and she put it into the lap of an innocent ‘
girl beside her. Had I come forward and made
the accusation the wallet would have been found’
on the innocent girl and she would have been ar-
rested with the others.” , . ‘ ‘,

“Why, your statement would have cleared her."

“I doubt it. The man and his accomplice
would have asserted that she was guilty, as guilty
as themselves, and my word wouldn’t. have been
enough to clear her.” / ’ '

“That’s all right; but your confounded phil-
anthropy has lost me my wallet.”

“No, it hasn't.
man’s accomplice outside. They intended to get
the wallet away from the girl at the ﬁrst op or-
tunity. Well, I put a spoke in their wheel. Ip
the pocl?etbook from the innocent girl myself, and ‘

she nearly had a fit when she learned she had   ;-if

Here it is. You’ll ﬁnd it all right, I guess.
won’t, be necessary for you to go to the police
now.’ ‘ ‘

The man opened his wallet, and found a roll of
bills inside. That satisfied him he hadn’t lost
anything. ’

“I’m much obliged to you, young man. What
is your name ?”

“My name is Fred Whitaker.
ness card.” .

“What! Are you a broker?”

“I’m trying to be. I’ve just started out.”

“I’m a broker on the Curb myself. My name

Here is my busi-

 

I followed the girl and the.-

got

is Prescott, and my oﬂice is at No. — Broad

Street. Call and see me sometime.”
“Thank you, I will; and then I’ll tell you the

whole story of the part the innocent girl played /I

in the robbery of your wallet. You’l] then agree
that I did the right thing to protect her, even
at the risk of the loss of your property.”

“All right, Whitaker. I’ll take your word ‘for
Come, let’s
have a drink.” And the broker grabbed Fred by
the arm. -’

“Thank you, y6u’ll have to excuse me. I do

not drink.” ,
“No ? You’ll have a smoke, won’t you?”
“No, sir; I don’t smoke,‘ either.”
“Well, I'm sorry you won’t join me.

way are you going?” "

1

Which  

 

 l

I’ i i '2 change.

 

I I the girl I mentioned.”

 

THE LITTLE OPERATOR I 7

“I'm going to rejoin my companion, who is with

. “Oh, then, she’s a friend of yours? In that
case you did quite right to act as you did. I’ll
leave you, then, and expect to see you at my oﬂice
soon.”

With that they separated. As the broker
walked away, Miss Reece’s uncle, whom she had
referred to by the name of Notte, stepped up to
‘him and grabbed him by the arm. His face was
dark, and a menacing light shot from his eyes.

“A word with you, young fellow,” he said, ~

dragging Fred into the middle of the street. “You
know me, I guess, an you’ll know me better before
-I’ve done with_you. You queered our game after
it had worked out almost to a ﬁnish. You got
possession of the wallet, and I’ve Just seen you
return it to its owner. Well, you’re going to re-
gret the part you took in this matter. I’ve got
-you spotted, and when you least expect it I’m
- going to get backat you. Remember that. You
-made the mistake of your life in butting into my
affairs. You've made me your enemy, and you’ll
-ﬁnd that's the worst thing you could have done.
That’s all I've got to say to you now. You can
)7 '

He "released his grip on Fred and disappeared
into the crowd. The boy looked after him.

“So you're going to get back at me, Mr. Notte :2”
the said to himself. “You are welcome to try it.
'Don’t forget you’re a crook, which gives me the

advantage of you. You are evidently a bad man
-to‘ deal with, but I’m not afraid of you for all
that.”

/Fred then returned to the ice-cream saloon and
found Dick eating liisishare and‘ Ruby makin a
brave attempt to eat a lttle of hers, while er
eyes wandered continually to the door in expecta-
tion of her defender’s return. She brightened up

_  the moment Fred appeared, and the grateful look

came into her starry eyes again. Fred satidown
and ordered another plate of cream.

“I’ve returned the pocketbook to its owner,” he
said. “His name is Prescott, and he’s a Broad
Street Curb broker.”

“You don’t say!” replied Dick.

I lar!”

“Well, are you feeling better, Miss Ray?”

“Yes, much better. You are both very nice to
me. I don’t know how I shall ever be able to
thank you enough for your kindness in saving me
from the trouble that occurred at that hall. I
‘really didn't want to go in there, but Elise would
have me do it. Oh, how disappointed I am in
her! I though her such a nice girl, and my
friend, too. And to think she would help her
uncle to rob‘a man in such a public place! It
-is dreadful! I don’t know how I can ever look
at her again.” _ _

“You want to drop her, Miss Ray. She isn’t
a ﬁt associate for you,” said Fred.

, “But I work in the same room with her.”

“That doesn’t make it necessary for you to

“How singu-

’ have anything to do with her.”

 wish I couldget another place to work.”
It wouldn_’t be a bad idea for you to make a
Look up the advertisements in the daily

 , 5 paper, and when you answer anything suitable,

   

_"'give me as your reference. State that I‘ am a

«toilielp ,you.""« ..

 

~Whitaker, and that of your friend.

Wall Street broker, and give my address. It ought ‘

“Thank you.

the privilege.”

H .

1 Nonsense! I’ll do anything I can to help you

‘<1 91181  want you to understand that Im your
f1'l‘€:[I1(:i'-l;lﬁla‘;.e1S,11fdyO1l’ll accept me as such.”

. g a to have you for a friend, for
you are a ‘true gentleman, and I really haven’t
any real friends. After the way Elise has treated
me I almost distrust the girls I know. The world
iiasyo rd;§ei(tIf1'u’l that you can hardly tell who you

“Well, you can rely on me for one, at any rate;
d m fr'end Dick h f th ’ '
an 011 Y 1 ere, or ano er. He s a.
gggidmfellow, and would scorn to do a mean
“Thanks, Fred, for the reputation you're giving
’“?:i3§.‘$»‘i“*$..‘.i‘°‘.‘.'...§‘~£".‘i€§..i“‘€i§$."° 
ﬁgugddyou righg. if you had _any_ real bad traits l’d
peXp1el:(I3:V:::dytt:I!;0b¥ ’time. Well, if you
sidlgred paid for the cream and they wal—ked_,,out-
R “Do you wish us to take you home at once, Miss
ay, or are you willing to ,take in one of the parks
\:é‘Vltl1dl1S1ibef011'1e we go? It S‘Jl1Sl} as you say,” said
rel V31 en t e_y stood outside.
on t wish to spoil your pleasure,

You are very kind to allow me

Mr.

could go home alone by the next boat.”

“No,” replied the little operator, “it wouldn’t. 

be the right thing‘ for you to return to the lty
by yourself at_this hour. It is nearly nine. \. e’ll
:?;{ﬁtl’;lle next boat and see that you get home an

That being settled, they walked down to the I

steamboat landing and were in time to catch the
next boat for the city. An hour later they landed
at Pier No. 1 on the North River, which was the
nearest landing to the girl’s home, though some
distance from it. They took a Second Avenue
elevated train as far as Rivington Street Station,
on the East Side, and from there it was only "a

short walk to where Ruby lived. They bade her.

good-night at her door, and departed with her
grateful thanks ringing in their ears. Fred, in
particular, carried away with him the recollectidn
of a look from her beautiful eyes that spoke voil-
umes, and he didn't forget it very soon. ' ‘*

I
;

"CHAPTER V.—Fred Gets In On 0. & 1}. ’

Of course Fred told his mother and sister zit.

breakfast next morni b 1; th d

and Dick had had at thge zuiciiiner 1‘-gesiirtecrllgigviie th:
bay. _ They were much interested in the pretty
working girl the boys, particularly Fred, had be-
friended, and they thought she had been treated
shamefully by her pretended friend. Fred said he
intended to interest himself in ettin her another
Job. In fact, he said, he thoug t of iring her to
act as his office assistant, and attend to callers

when he was out, as he had no oﬂice boy. She .  i

didn't make over six or seven dollars a Week at

the box factory when th b ' 1; ' ‘-5
only half that at the p1(‘aeS::lln‘l?isl1§lev,VaV:l§he1:tv11sl11‘;, :22 ‘ ’ 
slow, and he could easily afford to pay her the  '

‘former wages’ right along. ~
“I made the ip1“O]_)OSltlO11 to heiyf’

 

 

I’ve always I

I think I I

lie sa3d."'and. '1:

 » /

" '9” I  i‘LI'rTL.i?;i'.{iPEi2AroR  V I 

she ltdld’ me she'd let me know after telling her
mother ‘about the offer. I think she’d be foolish
to turn it down,Ifor she'd have 9. far easier time

is ofit than‘ in the box factory. In fact, the position

,'would be aregular sinecure, for I haven’t any-
 thing in particular‘ for her to do except sit in the
office between nine and three. It will be worth

‘ ,lier wages to have some one there, for it doesn’t

[look like business to have one’s oﬂice shut up
‘ ‘during business hours.” _

“Next morning Fred entered his ofﬁce 9. little

I ; tér nine o'clock. On the ﬂoor inside the door lay

;,a<'couple' of letters and two or three papers left

. l)y_ItheImail carrier on his ﬁrst round. One of

the papers was the daily market report. The

i _ letters were from people out of town who had seen

s advertisement in a daily afternoon paper that
niafdea specialty, of Wall Street news. After an-
sweringthe letters he took up the “Daily Indi-

Wldle he was thus engaged there came a gentle
» knock on the door. . ‘~
I ‘fdbme in,” said Fred, and the door opened and
v admitted Ruby Ray. . . _ _
‘ “Good morning, Miss Ray,” said Fred, Jumping
’ ‘_ and shaking hands with her. “Take that
chair,” and he pointed to the one next his desk.
i‘,‘].'/told mother about your kind offer of em-
f‘ ent,in your oﬂice, and she thought I had
tteraccept it. Of course I’m not accustomed to
office: work, but I will try and make myself as
 131 as I can, and'I_am willing to do anything
7 want’ me to do.” I _ - ‘
5 ‘~fAll right, Miss Ray, consider yourself engaged.
ye have only just started in business you won’t
muehzto do at first. Your principal duty wiil
“to attend to callers, and I don’t look for many

eibthem yet awhile. As I need somebody in the;

, why, I think the position will just suit you.”
am sure I shall like it very much, though
afrﬁiid fiiny clgthes lillllghg not be nice enough
sue ,a he 0 ca as is.  .
_“Don’t worry aboutiyour clothes; they look all
t. 'lTh¢:yi ’suit me, and I suppose I’m the one
., p eas . I . . '
. hank you for the assurance,” she said with a
ﬁmle, "I am very happy not_to have to return to
§he"Ihox. factor.y=and meet Elise Reece again. It
'wo‘u.-ldiembarrass me very much to have anything
ﬁurther to’ do with her after what happened on
turdayl , .
‘W you are riddof he}il-  good now. She doesn't
 enear you oes s e.
i 0. She lives uptown somewhere.”

£‘Well~‘,,-take off your hat and hang it in they

et, and then sit in that chair by the window.
!here is a late novelwhich I brought down ex-
 ’ _'ng you would take the position I offered you.
-hen Iain ‘out you had better sit at my desk
" a .cha.nse-I’ I, . I

Fred _went’on reading the news,- and in about
an hour he was ready to go out. He gave
some instructions as to what she should say

' and then he started for the Exchange.

he corner of Broad and Wallstreets two well'- _
s,edj‘men were standing talking together when

.gedtcame,_, alongand stopped for a slow-going
obilgto; pass... s I .. ' i ‘I *

_ _ . order
gator” and began reading the Wall Street news. _

‘'1 do. I want all I can get.”V I   N
“Give me your order and I'll ﬁll it.’ How“ " "

are you paying for it? The market ‘or above’

“It’s _going- at 79 now. I’ll give you ‘a leeway _
two points, butil expect you to get it as lo ~“
you can. ~ . I I
“Of course. I’ll offer a quarter of a ointxah
the market and see What that’ll fetch out.
stock, I understand, is advancing, so I may
to“give at least a point above the 'current_;pri "
W611; d0I,1,1_I go over two points without in
mllmcatmg‘ With me. I expect to make ‘a. 
thing out of it, for I look to see it touch pariin

. a week.”_

jI‘hat was all Fred heard, but it set himfto
thinking. 

He knew O. & L. was a gilt-edge stock, an lx‘
guessed that the man who gave Broker Bacon '
had a tip_ on an anticipated rise.’ ‘ » , 2

Instead of ‘going to the Exchange, he went up?
the little banking and brokerage house on Na ~.
Sgeetixwhere he had put through lus various deaf
w en _ e was a mes_senger,‘and took a seat iii,t_hse
reception room facin a. big blackboa1fd'that'eig-
tended across the bac of the room.  * g I

Here he sat and watched a boy chalkiipv
quiﬁa-gﬁgls asrtheyéfcamelfromlthe Exchange. ’

V cou s an
quoted in O. &eL. our e €aw'tra‘1~1§a‘c'ﬁDP§"
s in , I ‘ '*
§I‘7:1’&’e;>nieI’<1>lf thieip showﬂed ac 111-lising price.‘ ’:
a winner." ge on —IS pg  l?°ks“1ikm

S5? he left the bank and went to-the safe,‘a§,.
Dosi vault where he rented a _box,. and V
€1111tI $2,000 of his $2,500 gapitai, 1,e.;,,etume-d.«

e little bank and put in an order for»20O shares.
of 0. & L. at_the market, then 81. Thatdone 
§3-t d0WT1 again and watched the blackboard an
it was lunch _time., . , , , 1‘ V’
omxgter getting a light lunch he returned to"

::Had an)’ Visitors, Miss Ray?” he ‘asked:

A broker named Prescott was in here ‘to _
you shortly after you went out,” she replied ‘H’
Said he might call again after three)’,  0

‘:Did you recognize him?" v e V  J

:‘In what way?” asked [Ruby in some surp‘ﬁ;s;e'.

_ Why, he was the gentleman who was robbed ‘
his wallet by the man Miss Reece , called
uncle.” I I 
“s't os’ble!”sh ,1’ d. “ ‘I “V
109.1‘ albitpfaﬁhiliar to i$1e‘~:’:’m a’lm.e  

_ Ye?» I1 found out who he was when I ret ‘ ,
him his property, while you were in the iceu-ga;m
parlor with my friend Dick.” =  . p , 

Fred then ‘asked her if she wasn’t hungryz; ,‘

Mo_ther_gave me ten‘ cents to buy some 1 ' 
she/said with a smile; ‘but I hardly know-w
to go around here.” . A

“There are lots of lunch houses where girls
I would suggest that you go to MeDuﬁ"s,
Broadway, near Wall'Street. Better take a-«q’u'
ter with you. Ten cents is hardly enough "“

offered her the money. . _ v ..
“Thank .011. You wi1l,ofpcourse,deduet 1

my wages, ’ she! said, putting on her hat.’ .
‘.‘It is Ia small Kmatteiyhardly worth '

 — 1}’

. run LITTLhI’0.Pl;lRA'_1‘0R

A3; ii_;aii.;';aselthr$e~.i.'lhe was back in his office '
ai. .,. . .

‘ guan go, home novv, Miss ‘Ray/i he said.
early?” she said in surprise. . .
isn’t necessary for you to remain any
,:",as.I shall stay here for perhaps half an

,ur,_and‘ then go home myself. «Your office hours
be from nine till about this time‘.

‘ stay longer I shall ask you to stay.”

, .Why,. I worked from eight till half-past ﬁve,

some times later, in thebox factory, she said.

fhave no ‘doubt you did, but the hours are
ereiit _in. Wall Street.’’_ _
Motherwill be surprised to see me home so

§he’l'l get used to that.”

he‘ll be delighted to know I have got such a
position.” ' c s , «,
hall make it as pleasant as possible for

jity’ to me, Mr. Whitaker.”
A don't try to do it. It isn’t necessary.”
21 after she left Mr. Prescott came in.

“You've got quite a nice little den here, Whit» ,
, H ..

“he said, taking a seat. ,
' "'sn’tsbad for alchap just starting out
I] -

D f‘I'>sl§oi’ild.~say._ not. How long havelyou been in

g anything?”

‘Nothing.to speak of. I’m in one deal that I

ilbpan me out 2/ifew thousand.”

" £1efuyou- can make. two or three th0.115al1dS this

_’tlii;you’ll be doing uncommonly well, for most
‘I ‘ brokers, aren't making their salt.” 
oker Prescott said he came in tohear further

emg -mixed up in the robbery qf his wallet.
, M e;g;rce‘..seen her. What do you think of her?”
‘ .

’did'n’t Anoticeiher in the crowd,” replied
i’t mean at the island, but here, in“ my

'dgni.’t‘ quite catch on.” _ ’ I .
iigﬁcalled here this morning, didn’t you '2”

oujsawa young lady here?”

was the" young lady I refer to. She’s my

istant’?  . ' .  . - . ‘ »
e dickens you say! She’s a mightypretty

as the loveliest eyes I. think I ever ;saw.
e’is;.tlae girl?” 0 . y. _ '

anyornamelnt to Your oﬂice. Rather dan-
_ should imagine, though.” /.

a what WaY'.”{ ‘ c , _
“eyes are likely to work serious havoc

ear of your marrying her .one

If I need 

}young"fellow,like you. I sha.-’n’t~

“Well, as you did me a good turn Saturday
would like to reciprocate. If you wi.ll»take,.a- ti
from me you’ll buy all thelvanhoe Copper you
can afford to carry. Before the month is out th
will be developments in that quarter thatrw It’
more than. double the value of the shares}?

‘Thanks for the pointer, but I’m in heavily o_
0. .& L., and can’t touch anything else for
present.” l , 0 ' f

“O. & L. is good. It’s going up, and you ught
to make something out of it. However, bear; van ’
hoe Copper in mind. It's going at $4.24 now, and!
. will soon reach $5. If you're in a- position to bu

it at that do so, and you’ll ‘double your man
Well, I must go now. Drop in and see mevwh
you can. I'll _be glad’to. see you any time.-” * —
As Broker Prescott walked out Dick Markham
Walked in. ' ’ .- ~» , '
“Say, Fred, who do you suppose_I'saw hang:
around your door just now?” , V
"As I'm not a mind reader I'll give it up,
plied the little operator. . 
“ ‘ss Reece’s uncle, whose name is Nortte, 
believe.” _ - r ' .
“You.don’t say! ‘He’s evidently on my  I’
have to put the Wall Street detectives on to hi ’
He told me he was going to get square with»
“So you told me. He’s a bad egg. Looks‘ 11}:
a chap who. would be apt to try and pay‘ back‘
grudge if he. got any chance at all. .Better~.' '
your wits about you, old man, if you go any.’ _ _ .
around town where he might be able ‘to. get ha.
you. You can’t tell but he may, get a. pal to 01
slow you. He will probably ﬁnd out where” ,
live, and’ he and two or three others mayywatuh
for some night when'you’re out late and tryto,
you up.” » '

“I’ll look out for him. Are you read
home? I am.” . ' 

Dick was ready, so Fred locked up and
went home together.’ . .  ‘

.A week passed, and 0., & L. went steadily up

day by day, till it reached 98 when Fred concluded?‘ N-

_ to»'sel1- out, as he thought it wouldn’t go“,
higher, anyway, _and also because he wanted.
use the money in Ivanhoe. Copper, now gel»

- at $5.’

' His profit on O. & L. amoiinted to 3.b0ut‘.$3§ ,
‘ As soon as the'bank,sett1ed with ‘him heiboug‘
1,000 shares. of Ivanhoe Coppenoutright ‘pa ,"
$5,000 for it. ' —., 0'
Prescott boughj: it for him and charged
the commission.  < '1: f’
About this time it began to get» arou '
Street that there was a boy‘ broker in the 'C_re=s¢e;i
Building, and -that hehad an uncommonlyh '0
some oﬂice assistant. _ ._ . . _ 1,
. Prescott may have set the ball ,rolling,;. .
certainly told some of his trader friends'Vah
how Fred» had recovered his‘ wallet,+'<conta.i
$600,,.foi" him, and also spoke about the boy
a new broker, and,wha_t"a. pretty girl h ha
vhisoiﬁ  j  _  ‘
o

, .

 Tim; L1'r'i~iL_E:

h_ dedoperator, who had a._weakness for the fair

Wocated Fred's office and walked in one

. e
morning while, the boy was hanging around the

tub market keeping tab of Ivanhoe Copper,

3}; "ch_ha,d' gone up to $5.50,

I s soonas his eyes rested on Ruby he decided
she~w‘a‘s ‘a stunning girl. \

e asked for Fred, and being told that-_ the little
tor was down at the Curb, he sat down and

 ed in talking with Ruby.

fter answering his questions for a while she
égan to wish he’d go, but he showed no -intention

of‘ doing so.

5:’ she had been reading a book ‘she could not
t-up the excuse that she was busy, so he didn’t
“ how to get ‘rid of‘ him.

:told*her that h.is name was Stephen Hooper,
was a widower, was worth half a million
‘£4, and was looking around for‘ a new wife
oothe his declining? years and inherit his
ey. '  ‘.
by was feeling quite" embarrassed as he
fmore and more pointed in his conversation,
never took his admiring eyes off of her.

Suddenly the-door opened and Dick stuck his,

eadin. ')
 ed;isn’t in, is he?” *
o ” she replied, jumping up and rushing to
' “I want to see you a moment, Mr.
j», outside.” . l .
ght; I’m at your service,” said Dick. \
ousaw thatiman in there?” she said, as she
d’the door to after her. _
_ Suﬁ-e‘..thing.” replied Dick. “I know him, too.
' old Hooper, the ladies’ man of the Street.

an hour, he sat down and started to
h‘ me. He doesn’t seem to want to go
,Isn’t,there some way I can get him out?”

Well, the only way I see is for you to tellxhim
<yo'u?re..=going-A on business. Then put on your
That ought to be a plain hint for him to go.
can lock up, go around to the Pine Street

' ” she’ said. . ' .
Ruby went back and told Hooper

oing out on business, and that she’

, ock up. . _ J ‘
ld’ chap seemedgdisappointed, but he put
haﬁ said=he’d call again when Mr. Whitaker

_ii}-rely to be in, ‘and departed. ‘ :
‘ y-- put on her: hat and went as farzas the
tor, ‘and, notseeing Hooper, concluded that
n?t necessary for her to go out, so she
, , ackto the office. _ . . l
‘.9: ‘she camein sight of the door she saw an old
i ' ‘ (1 man stooping ‘ down and, looking

d—,1ooking%hap and

' to?” demanded the‘ boy.

Oesnarogzgii L “s  it

Unlocking the door, she entered,“ too ‘o _
‘hat, and sat down at the ‘desk and tooku" he
book again. _ ' .

Ten minutes later she thought she hear i
one ‘at the door- ' W K

She called out “Come-in,” but nobody;

Five minutes afterward she heard jth
sound again. ’   * ’
‘ ‘ Putting down her book, she walked—to _
and threw it open. She caught the wh e-ha
man in-the act of looking through the ke"
again. He jumped up and started to lea'V
she. ran after him and caught his arm.

“What do you want?” she asked.  _ A

“_Eh?” asked the man, putting his ham to
ear, as if very deaf. .; ’ ,

“Why were you looking through the ice , 0
that door. This is the second time I’ve se
in the act,‘ and I want you to exp1ain~W,
did it.” ‘ "  ‘

“Eh?” replied the man once more;

At that moment Fred came‘toward‘:t
Ruby motioned him to come over. I ‘

‘‘What’s the matter?” he askedylookin '31:,
white-haired man curiously. ' » 3' 

Ruby explained how she”had caught, he
man twice looking through the keyhole of
office door, and when she asked himw he
not appeanto understand what/she.sa1' ,f
seemingly deaf. ' While she was ‘telling ‘ he
of the case to Fredthe old man made .16
attempt to get away, but with ionerhan, ’
coat, stood bent over. - The little operat
ever, observed thatthe fellow was watch g
covertly, and his attitude looked. like .
person about to spring. vT,h_is~fact put" r‘
his guard, and he did not take his'eyes fro,’ .

“Look here, old man, what game are “yd ,

“Eh ?”~ replied the intruder.

“Are you deaf?”
. “Eh?”'he said again. ‘ '

“He did not seem to be very deaf’
for he heard, my footsteps coming alon _
ridor from the’ elevator and he hurrie

' pretty quick for such, an old man,” ‘said '

The girl’s words further increased Fredis
picions. It struck him that this old fellow,
not exactly what he seemed to be. It also 05:‘

_ to him that this» might be some ‘s

y ‘of , 1‘

Reece’s Uncle Notte in disguise. Heplhoke
narrowly at the ‘old man- He was ‘alrnos

that " the long white heard was false _
white hair 'a,wig._ I-Ie determined -.to tel, ‘
matter. Stepping‘-up to him, he sudden! grab
his beard and gave it a pull; Ruby utt A, T

of surprise as she saw’ the hair com awsll
Fred's hand. At the same moment .th'

old man uttered a. hissinﬁimprecatio
glittering knife‘ from his som, and‘

the little operator; Fred, half expecti

gressive move on ‘his ‘part, was no ,

. , _At,tl1e' same ~tir_a'rie he_.shot, out"

 and landed a heavy. blowfunde th
tsteaps heﬂljumpesd up with,.re- ~ Q

at. sent} =h—im’ st -

gin“
‘ate 3

him if

entered

 ..,.,

    
   

 ‘with it. _Then the fellow lay revealed
i1l,y'~before Fred. It was Notte himself.

' .-,9!

CHAPTER VII.—v—-Fred's Veiled Visitor.

  

.~ —_ ing up the superintendent of the building on
 phone, Miss Ray,” said Fred, “and tell him
‘£0 me up here with the janitor as soon as he

uby, who had been greatly frightened when’
she. saw her employer menaced with a knife,
hastened to obey. ' . g
:‘_“Now I"ve got you, Mr. Notte, I’m going to
and you behind the bars,” said the little operator.
You’ll never land me in jail!” cried Notte,
1;h=a.‘balefu"li look at the boy.
Exerting all his strength, which was consider-
e,Lhe threw Fred off his chest and rolled over
Ito ;~ .
ﬁgs a. goodthing for you that my knife is out
, each, or I’d ﬁnish you,.you young ‘hound; but
' reach you yet, and when I do, you’ll be a
ndidate for an undertaker.”. ,’
As bespoke he struck Fred a stunning blow
nf’the face, leaped off him and made a dash for.
‘E back-stairway that led out on _Pine Street, and
, ‘fnished ;before the boy recovered sufﬁgiently to
allow him._ Fred, however, ‘did not intend to lose
hiﬁlif hevcoupld _help it. ‘ . I
,‘e.rusli‘ed ‘for an elevator, caught a descending
rage,-.'and, when he reached the ground ﬂoor he
ed through the main COI‘!Zld01‘.,l7O the Pine
He‘ looked u and down the
' 2 o te. ”

     
     
    
  
      
 

    

  
   
      
      
  

 
   
 
      
  

g thinking the rascal might show himself. As he
V didvnot, he returned to his oﬂice, where he found
 "superintendent and the janitor listening to

5' ‘explanation. v .. ,
drel got away from me. He was
ran 1' than‘I thought. There is the knife he
iéd tostab me. with,” said Fred. v

    

' nyour oﬂice, and he probably, meant to try
_ you," sai.d~tli'e superintendent. ‘
' No tliat»wasn’t his object. I-Iegwaslooking for
He owes me agrudge‘, and I suspect he in-
, toflay me out with that knife.” .
- ‘ i, d then 'explained enough of the particulars
 Satur,day’s incédent at the island togaccount
 Notte’s action . , F I 5 ’ ,
“He is "evidently a vicious rascalﬁand 'it’s a
’he‘n-ianaged to make his escape.‘ You will
to look out sharp’ for him, for he’ maylay
u;_agaiii.” . , " ’
keep my eyes open, don 1: you fear. I have
y told two or three of the Wall Street de-
zves, about him, but the disguise he had on
’ " s a pretty ‘eﬁeetive one._" , ’_ V
11,’? said the Janitor, holding up the white
:35 and wide-‘lorimmed hat. ; I ‘ _ - I

eep thatnutﬁt and the knife ‘as evidence
‘ arr‘-lasted,» and then =:I.’1l.use it against

_ ‘ — testi you , ”’

   

   
 
  
   
  
   

  

    I   lwsesliimgsiopgnimg

Y h p I’ d k H 'the little operator.
vou,can'exp.l-aint at ve capture, a croo .- ’

mighty bad company, and

He remained so Several minutes on the’, watch,

:must have learned that’ you only had a"

vmet Dick Markham on the streetvandhe sai he

" help you'out of your predicament if itpwas necesf

  

great deal of trouble on you, Mr. Whitaker)’. said
the girl, with a look, of distress in her face. “I’m,
so sorry." I ’ ‘ ” i .
“Don’t worry about that, Miss Ray. It isn't
your fault.” , ‘ . . , I ' 
“But I’m the cause of it. If that man should
injure you I shall never be able to forgive myself,f’*
and the tears came into her eyes. "‘
“There!

  
   
    
 
 

Don’t think about it any more,” said‘

 
  

  
   
  

“But I shall worry over it.
thing to happen to ou.” . >
“Oh, nothing wil happen to me,” he replied‘_
lightly. “I shall be on my guard against the ras-I
cal, and the next time I meet him I may be able ,
to land him in jail.” , _ . _
Ruby, however, looked nervous and worried.
“Come now,‘ brace up, little irl,” contin ed
Fred. “I don’t want: to see you ownheartedl’.
“You’ve been so good to me that——-that—,-‘-—” _'
She hid her’ face in her hands and began -"to sob’
“Why, I only did the right thing when I int‘
fered to save you from the undesirable comp
ionship of Miss Reece and;Notte. I ‘didn't like-h 
face the moment I rested my eyes on‘ it, but‘ stil
I was not prepared to ﬁnd that he was'a'r.egula;r
crook. ,Some men, who are really very decent“
chaps‘, are provided with hard—1ooking faces, and
I supposed he came under thatihead, seeingﬂhim
with you and Miss Reece. 1 was staggered when
I saw him pinch the wallet in a waythat showed
he was a professional. Then when Miss’ Reece
took it and hid it in your lap, that igvas‘a.greatei':
shock still. I realized at once that you were iii
I believed it to be my

  
    
    
 

I don’t_ want ‘any-

 
  
  
     
      
   

  

  
   
   
      
    
 
 
    

   
  

duty to save you.” ~
“And you did." . . . = A
I And I’d do it again, if; thezneces
called for it, no matter what the risk. Lli 
you the moment I saw you, and the wayyou. 
when we Were. introduced in that off-hand » ay
assured me that you were as good and innocent
as you were sweet looking. I,-mean to. be _yot1fr_
friend always if youwill let me, and whenfyo
come to know me better you will find that "
can trust me in every way.” ' - » '
“I'm sure I can,” she replied, looking atliim m
a conﬁding way. , - I ‘ ’ . ' '
, “Well, I’ll tell you what; brought me back

  

 
  
    
     
     
     
       
      
    

    

  

was up here, and that Broker Hoop'erhiad‘c
and finding me out, was annoying you with is
conversation. He said_ he told .' ou ‘l;o.get ridéuf
the visitor by giving him to, un erstzind that 
Q
Q9

  

were going out’ on business, and suggested‘
you walk around the block and come in, by
Pine Street entrance. I thought that was a
class plan for you to ado 1:, but for fear it
fail, for I know what ooper'i_s, I came u

    
   
   
   
    
      
 
  

sary. I see you did get rid ‘of him, though.” ‘
“Yes. He got out, but he went; very rel,

tantly.” ‘ ‘ , f . ,1,
“I guessso. Thetrouble with Heoope,r"'i'
gets stuck on every pretty girl he ‘runs, acifo
He's an 0,1d...fool and {ought to know: bette ’
‘ ' ” .,he’ll'g_et t_a;k\ “

    

  
  

       

  
 

 it  ‘THE LITTLE‘ o.PEn;4'rjoR \

mneback whenilunch time cainearound, but
" kvupand go out. That’ afternoon Ivanhoe
penwent up to $6. , ‘ . - _
Dick dropped 1 after three o'clock and found
redjat his desk and Ruby preparing to go horne;
‘Too bad: you weren't around here this morning
en I came up to see if .~I-Iooper had gone away,’
a1dVFred. . ‘ _ V
y?‘ ‘Anything happen?”.
‘I, _ ould say so. A»whol‘e lot‘ happened”,
‘Let’s hear -about it,” said Dick in a tone of

nterest. ' —. , . _ V ‘ = ,
,'fF_r'edvtold~him about the whiteebeardedv man,

grind‘ how he had turned out to be the. rascal Notte.
“Ge V ' You had a narrow escape. ’I_‘hat fellow

' guhard to he revenged on you. . Have you

\ a.'t’sj'right. . Maybe they’ll catch him. . If he’s
own crook the detectives ought to be able to
 irh‘ sooner or later,” , 9 H

e’So, "I don’t like the idea of having such

s that camping out on my trail.” ‘ '

' ‘ Looks serious when he has

,_ had a revolver instead of a knife he
avedone me ” _ - ,
I nniakes too much no1se,'that’s why he
avknife easier. Well, how’s business?”
' hing »doing;, but I expect to make’ a haul
vanhoe.Coppe_r in a little while. It’s gone
om‘ $2 to $6 in two weeks.” .
much have you got?”_ _
, ousand shares. I pa1d*$5 _for it.’f
.‘H high are’ you looking for it to go?”
/ pect‘ it: will reach $105" -‘ - ‘ ,
el I. wish you luck.- Sorry I'm not in on
_ deal. When are you going uptown?”
No forihalfpan‘ hour yet.” _ . ‘
‘5"I'Ii Q V'll -get along. ‘So long}? and Dick walked

L  of an hour‘ afterward, as Fred

W  lg‘, to: shut up, there camea knock on .

‘said the" little 0 erator- ’_
g}Ia<i_l,y,» heavily vei ed,.came In. ‘ _
re. Mr. Whitaker, I believe?” she said.
, '3, mymame. »Take a~seat,‘madam, and
in what I can do for you.” “
_ buy railroad stock, don’t you?”
re" you some for, sale ?”

,h e._ \ \
-hat is the road?” '
B &.A”

y ’s. 9.. gilt~ed ed stock, ma’am:” "

e d’ay’s market report and“

. & A. , V - .
iinqgn at .125. How many shares have
e.- V   ‘ I I
H tiﬁcatelof 100.”
.50 :
_buy;”it ‘/yourself ?

I want to'_leave'
'mg._.  » - ‘V

"in my life,’,’ she snapped. ,

_eas'ily sell it for you. 5 My} commission}

: gralhbetg  A

".‘No.ma’am.' I’m not 1oaning‘mo”ney’
at present.” . ‘ _ L

“Then Pm afraid I[can’t——-”' _  V . m

“I*beg your pardon‘, madam, but_wiI1_y9uln-
tell me your name?” ‘ , . ' —_ ‘ 

“My name? Oh, my name is—,-~is , V ‘
Brown,” she said in a hesitating «way.

“Do you mind raising_yo‘u-r veil?”

“Sir!” '  e ’ ' 

“Lshould like to see your face. I  hav‘
met you before.’.’ ‘  _

“How dare you‘! I’ve never met ‘youébe

“I may be mistaken,’ but I think not:‘ dbli
me by punmasking,” said the 1ittle.oper tdg
suavely. ‘ * ‘ ‘ ' I ’

“Unmasking, indeed!
raising my veil to you.” n , p  .

“I think you will,’’ replied’ Fred‘ coolly,’
between his visitor and the door. a “Lift y’
or .I’l1 lock, the door and telephonefor a
man.” . * - ' '  *
“Why, what do-you mean?”_. she gasped,
toherfeet. . j .- .  '

_“Exactly what, I said. I have reéogn
miss; but, tovmake sure, _I want to seedy
If you are the‘ person I think you are;i'I_

I’d like to ‘see my

I strong suspicion that youeither have no oer’

of stock, or, if’ you have, it is a stolen ..
“You wretchl, Take that!” ‘ 7 g ‘‘
Quick as a ﬂash, she raised herhand‘, who i
a wide—mouthed bottle. 'But-, quick ~as.’she w ‘P
Fred was quicker. ‘He sprang at her, wre oh

the bottle from her"ﬁngers,"and threw; i my

corner. Holding her ﬁrmly in hisigras
oﬂ’ her veil. His sus icions, were fully
His visitor was Elise eece, , I ,

CHAPTI-ii: v111.—,NAt1.§ﬁ-Norse’ keep as
.‘ , , ‘/word.’   ,7:

The desperate girl struglgled, and ,ki ked 
wildcat,’ but the little Op€I§t0r_';h€1«d."h th

' grip of steel.

“I was sure it'was‘yo'u, yodngrlady,
an excellent memory for. voices. V‘
and walk also helped to betrayyour iden ty" "
didn’t intend to detain you, but your -att in“
blind me with acid changes the case. ' .
leave this oﬂice you~“vv'il1' go in the custod. ,
oﬂicer,_ and I shall prosecute ‘youfto the’ limi
the law. Your Uncle'Notte,. if he,is;yo r. 
made a mistake when he sent youﬁ,‘around' ‘
what he failed to accomplish himself. El‘
ed in fury into Fred's face. She saw. byzh

'ner' thathe was"i'n_ earnest, and <knowi:t1"g sh

put’ her foot into it, she, fought with all_.her.
to get '. a._vvay._ , she‘—haad1"1’t’the « ' ‘of
with uaeatliletic boy. ' ‘

ing‘ screamﬂzhat rang

fainted. ' . F d threw heir!‘

Then Ydﬁ 158$ ' I

 ’   ?oi>iaRA‘fronT ‘ ~.

3 . _
otthem. ﬁnally opened Fred's doorand look:in.~

He saw the senseless Elise on the chair and Fred
atthe telephone. ,
What’s wron ?” he asked. ' p ‘
thing muc ,” replied the young operator.
y fisitor has fainted, that’s all.”
,Avt'that moment a voice over the wire asked
wlfat. was wanted. ’
?‘g“Is this the Oak Street Station?” asked Fred.
'— “Yes.” "
_ . "am Fred Whitaker, broker, Room ,803, Cres-
ce .Building, Wall Stree ” ‘ p ’
3‘ Veil?” ,~ .
‘Send an oﬂicer here at once to take charge of
ung woman who came to.my,ofﬁce and made

_n attempt to disﬁgure me with acid. 3Her name

lise Reece, andshe’s the accomplice of a crook
a d ‘Notte, who is wanted for a murderous at-
‘ ‘ ‘made on me this morning in this building, the

‘_articularsj_' of which have been telephoned to;

héa<i<1‘uarters.” V
’ ‘,‘I?ll' ‘send'.'an' officer at once,” replied the voice.
The clerk, standing at’ the door hear‘d‘wha't Fred
into the ’phone, and he stared both at the lit-
tle perator and the unconscious girl‘ He-had not
'1! dabout the attack on Fred that morning, nor.
11" actpanyone in. the building, except some of
:the attachesto whom the circumstance had been
émmunicated by the superintendent and the jar):
to Hewithdrew to tell those outside the start-
 ews’,_and,he soon had a crowd of curious and
excited. employees around‘ him. Prior to the ar-
" ‘ 1’ of the oﬂicer, Fred took the liberty of search-
V Elise’sqpc?ck‘et for a possible certiﬁcate of B.
3:, ='stcck.—; He found shehad one for 100 shares.
He made a note ‘of’ its. number and the name to
homiit was made out to.
“ t. looksas if her object was to either sell me
ha certiﬁcate, which I have no doubt is a stolen
-one, or get me to loan her money on it. While I
s getting the money from the safe doubtless she
ntended. to. blind me andget away with money
and certiﬁcate, too. She’s a bad one; but I’ll pickle
‘er. " If this certiﬁcate is a stolen one, so much the
worse‘ for her, unless she turns State's evidence
ainst the man who gave it to her, and who
‘doubtless ‘is Notte. He put her up to ‘this game,
. utrit has failed as badly as his ownlittle scheme.”
Sooiﬁafter the policeman arrived, and after a
rie i talk with the little operator, took the sense-
’ ""rl‘ downstairs to a_ waiting patrol wagon,
_TFi-’ed romising to follow to the station and make
‘the rge: This he‘ did at once, and found that
e, ;c_-]"had been revived‘ by the 1natron;of the
 11. When brought up to the desk and charged
 ‘the assault on Fred, her nerve deserted her,
 she .broke down. She declagred that she did
@233‘

g:.‘1t'déd‘it to the ofﬁcer at the desk. When told
"a £16 ‘would be -locked up and then taken to the
,, she. became and begged ‘‘ 

 ‘for her. ' , .

,; do‘.-anything for you-n0w,:’:' he said,"‘an'd~..
"“see9how»y€u can expect meto, after what 
been 1

t”6f. If 0 are‘,willing to giv
’ y'll~.1eadytd1t'he. arr tin:

that 'w1
f " possible I

_ lmow ~wh_at’slie was doing. .’Fred iproduced»
he bottle with a portion of the acid still in‘ it, and‘

me, and he'll killyou if you prosecute me
gashed, thinking her words might have some ef
ect. £ " ‘
“I’ll risk it,”, replied Fred. “He tried) it 1' day,
and failed.” . .  ‘ ’
“But he won’t fail next time,” she said, with
vengeful look. , ’,
“Take her away,” said the officer at the desk;
and she was carried off screaming. “Shem be
«brought before a magistrate in the morning“,’."ad
ed the man, turning to the boy. “You want to-bio
alt the ;I,‘ombs Police Court about ten to press the
,. c arge. ‘ . f 1‘ i 
“I_’ll be there,” replied Fred, and then left. 
station and went home. i ' ; 
 reached his oﬁice early next morning,;: an
had‘ just time to tell Ruby.,about the visit ‘he had
had from her late friend, how she" 
him with a bottle of acid, and how he ‘had had
arrested. when it was time for him to to co ’
Ruby was -greatly startled to learn wlggt-'a"rec
less,.wicked girl Miss Reece hadturned out to be;
and she was more than ever concerned a '
Fred’s safety. Toetell the truth, she. had? ‘
lost her heart to the littleopérator, ‘th V
wouldn’t, have confessed the fact,‘ even
mother, for the world. It was a secret ioc, in
her own breast,-. but though her lips~might*.,'n§

a mute, her eyes were likely to give her away

she least expected -it. , VVhen Elise was brouglit
l1;:fi)l‘E31;}I§l:§l:1:.t%'iSt}’f2lt: she‘loc:1keld like a wrec ‘Shier
, s 1 e1 nyan er-'ee.w.er ‘
and swollen from weeping. She p'1eadyed;1-.ot , .
Kiffoigﬁitvfiii §f.‘i‘33‘?.r‘°Zi§“§§.‘l.t“é‘“F‘°'.i‘ iii 3”“
- e re a
the precaution to bri'ng*Mr. Prescott with 
and the brokerswore she was the compani
the man Notte, who had stolen his wallet :mA
summer resort vaudeville show, and . that.‘
against her character, and strengthened’ the 11
operator s story. The magistrate dec1ded..to»_ ,
}F1‘e!'e,dand ‘she wasﬂremanded go» the Tombs 
w~a§a~h§'i?§..;a°%l1’.i‘§ ..o‘ie?°“riZ§‘.an"g"if‘L’§,‘§i‘71‘?e‘° ~
it was from Notté, though it was unsigned. 
“_You have signed your death warrant by‘ 
outing that girl. ’’I—— will do you at the ﬁ_r_St.-ic V nce
If I swing for it, it said. “If you think I .c
reach you_ you'll ﬁnd yourself_ m1sta’ken;_ I’ ,
Jyoigevin if ycéuﬂixvveret hedged in by thezwl le
ecive orceo eciy., »  ,
“That's a, cheerful, communication,“ 1: on

Fred, ‘fbut it doesn't intimidate me worth a cent“

He went back andshowed it to the magtistra
telling him how he had received‘ it, and».-who‘
writer was. The magistrate wrote something a
the bottom of it and told.Fred to take it to; "
lice headquarters. :The little operator ,di ’
once, and the head--of the detective bureau ’
he would send a couple. of men out to hunfﬁtfg
rascal up. He ‘asshown the portraits if
‘_Rogues’. Gallery to see if Notte’s picture’
it, but. Fred did not ﬁnd any photo that ‘h
say positively was Notte, He .furnishedx-
detectives with a description of the scounilre
toldhow clever heiwas at disguising him if, H ’
he went backto his office. . ’ , " -_  _.

 .‘_-x ‘ V. .

 

 

’ get customers.

at the ﬁrst chance he got, but the little operator
was out. He had a short talk with Ruby on the
subject, and she expressed great concern for the
safety of her employer. After getting off for
the day, he came around to the office again, and
found Fred talking with several brokers who had
come up to see him. He got no chance to talk to
Fred until they started home together; and then,
after hearing his friend’s story from his own lips

‘he advised him to get a revolver and carry it.

“I’ve got one, old man, and I shall carry it at
night, but I guess I don’t need it downtown,” he
said.

“Well, if I were you I’d get another and keep it
in my oﬂice desk. You can’t tell what might hap-
pen when you’ve got such a man as Notte after
you. It doesnt’ ay to take any chances at all.”

Fred said hed? think about it, and then changed
the conversation. Next day he learned that the
100-share B. & A. certiﬁcate he had found on
Elise Reece had been stolen, with a lot of other
valuables, from the home of a gentleman on Madi-
son Avenue. He then turned it over to the police,

with a statement of how he came by it. Two weeks‘

passed, and nothing happened. ’Miss Reece re-
mained in prison in default of $1,000 bail, but
though a detective visited her twice, at Fred’s sug-
gestion, to try and get some information about
Notte out of her, she wouldn't open her lips.

Ivanhoe Copper reached $11 after a boom
caused by oﬂicial' news of the discovery of a rich
body of ore, and Broker Prescott sent word to
Fred that it was time to sell out, as the price was
likely to drop back $2 or $3 as soon as the tem-
porary excitement was over. Fred told him to
sell, and the boy’s stock brought $11.25 a share,
netting him a proﬁt of $5,000, which raised his
captial to something under $12,000. »

A few days afterward he learned that a syndi-

‘ cate of wealthy brokers were trying to corner

M. & R., a stock that was ruling low in the
market for various reasons. He lost no time in
buying 1,000 shares of it at the little bank at the
prevailing price of 68, feeling satisﬁed that he
had another winner on deck. On the day that he
made the purcase he received a note, on the letter-
heading of a. large furniture store uptown, which
stated that the writer, who was a salesman in the
employ of the house, had seen his advertisement
in the “Evening P ,” and ‘would call on him
that day between four and five, for the purpose
of investing the proceeds of a legacy in some good
stock that he could_recommend. He showed the
note to Ruby, and told her he was beginning to
She congratulated him, but a mo-
ment later her womanly intuition suggested that
this might be some trick on the part of Fred’s

‘ enemy to catch him in a trap.

’ She told him her fears, but he laughed and
said he guessed there wasn't any danger of Notte
venturing down to Wall Street again.

“You can’t tell what that man might not do. I
had a dream about you last night that I didn’t
like. Do please be careful,” she begged earnestly.

“Would you really feel bad if something hap-
pened to me, Miss—Ruby?” ‘ -

“I would feel dreadful,” she replied. .

, “Thank you for the interest you take in me. I
assure you I take the ‘same in you. To make

I "  certain it's all right,_1’ll telephone» the furniture

‘. \.‘h;:).~- ,, 2..  7.‘.  l T‘...

14  - THE LITTLE OPERATOR

 

\

house and see if such a person as the writer of

the note is employed there.”

“It would be a good plan,” she said.

So Fred telephoned and learned that a salesman
by that name did work for the establishment.
That satisﬁed him that the note was genuine, and
it quieted Ruby’s apprehensions somewhat, "but
not altogether, on account of her dream. She
didn’t go home till four that day, and on her way

she met Dick, who had been sent to Brooklyn by"

his boss, ‘and she told him about the letter Fred
had received, and how, notwithstanding it ap-
peared to be all right, she had her fears. ,
Well, after I report to my boss, who is waitin
for me at the oﬂice, I’ll run in and see Fred.
usually go home with him, anyhow, you know.”
Reassured by the promise of Dick to call at
Fred’s office, Ruby went‘home in better spirits.
At half-past four Fred, who was waiting for

' his new customer, heard a knock on the door.

“Come in,” he said. . \

_A smooth-faced young man of thirty entered
with alarge handbay. . _ _ _ ‘ -

Mr. Whitaker?” he said inquiringly.

:‘Yes. That’s my name. You are---—-”

. ‘George Hunt. You got my note, I believe," he
with a large handbag.

“II tdid. ,Glad to know you, Mr. Hunt.
wis o-—’

“Wl_iat’s that?”'asked the visitor, pointing at
the window.

Fred turned to look. The next instant the"

man who had given his name as Hunt grabbed
him from behind, tripped him up, and threw him
on the ﬂoor.
boy’s mouth and his weight on his chest, he gave
a whistle. The door opened and two men entered,
shut and locked the door in a business-like way.
One was dressed in a Prince Albert coat, with a
silk hat and a heavy heard. The other wore a.
sack coat, a derby hat, and had a smooth face.

“Help Cole,” said the man with the beard,'in
sharp, quick tones, that sounded familiar to the
struggling little operator. The speaker then

opened the handbag, took some pieces of clothes.- ‘

line from it and ordered his companions to place
ed in the revolving chair. As soon as they did
so he bound _the boy tightly. to it, while Cole
gagged him with a handkerchief. In a few min-
utes Fred was helpless. "
“Now, youngman, do you know me?” said the
man with the silk hat, removing his beard.
Fred recognized him as Notte. ‘

“I told you I'd reach you, and you see I have. ‘

I told you I’d kill you, and I intended to do it.
But not by shedding your blood.
better way,” with a short laugh. >

He took a sheet of paper on whichsomething

was written and laid it in the center of Fred’s VI:

desk.

‘_‘D_ead boys tell no tales,” said Nathan Notte,
pointing at the gas ﬁxture. “When we leave this
room you’ll be slowlyasphyxiated. ’Tis an easy
death and a sure one. ‘
you committed suicide.” \

Fred, with a thrill of horror, comprehended his‘

purpose.
“Light the gas and see what sort of flame‘ it

gives,” said Notte to the smooth-faced man. ' i
The fellow did as he was told.

“I see. It has six-foot ﬂow. Turn it out.  '

    

>»._ .

 

You .

With one hand on the surprised 

 

 

I’ve selected a

 
 

The paper will show that

 

1-.

  

. the outside.

’ depended on.

‘V V inﬂuence but a few minutes longer.

 

  

T THE ~LITTIiE'O1i'ERATOR' - ’ .ij,_15  H

V; Now turn it on full blast, and we’ll get out and

leave him to his own reﬂections.”

Notte unlocked the door, and put the key on
Then he motioned his companions
to go. .

“Good-by,_ my little broker,” he said. “I wish
you pleasant dreams and a quick exit from this

. world. Remember me to Old Nick.” '

Thus speaking he grinned malevolently at the

 helpless boy, walked out, shut the door and locked’

-it. , Fred heard him remove the key, their re-
treating footsteps along the corridor sounded in
his ear, and then--silence.

CHAPTER IX.——Saved by a Hair. ,

Fred clearly realized the terrible position in
which he was placed. It was after ﬁve o'clock,

(and nearly all the clerks in the ofﬁces on that ﬂoor,

as well as throughout the building, had gone
home. The janitor and his assistants were clean-

ing up, and he felt that the only chance he had
7:for his life was the appearance of one of the

j an'itor’s hands in that corridor within a few min-

utes, and the possibilitylthat he would smell the

escaping gas and investigate whence it came from.

It was a slim chance, however, and not to be
The man might not be around for
3, good half hour, long before which time the boy

‘ A knew he would be as dead as any corpse in the

city morgue. In spite of his shrewdness and
alertness Nathan Notte had stolen a march on

' ',:him in a way he had least expected. In the battle
of wits the rascal had won out.

A person placed in a desperate situation like

.Fred’s thinks more rapidly and more clearly than
_at any

other time of his life. Things ﬂash across
his brain that would never otherwise occur to
him. ~Fred’s eyes rested on the paper which
.Notte had placed in full view on his desk, and
almost marveled at the ingenious device adopted

,by the rascal to make it appear that he "had com-
mitted suicide.

The next moment the utter futil-
.ity of the device occurred to him.

If he intended to commit suicide how could he
bind himself in the manner he was tied to the
chair, and why should he do, so even if the feat
were possible?

“Nathan Notte is a fool, after all,’.’ he thought,
“though slick enough to make sure of me.”

_ Then his thoughts went out to his mother and
sister in Harlem, and he groaned as he pictured
the shock his sudden and tragic death would have
on them. Next he thought of Ruby, and wondered

, what effect his taking off would have on her.

“I really believe she cares for me,” he"mut-
tered. “I seemed to read that in her eyes this
afternoon when she begged me to telephone the
furniture houseabout the writer of the note. Dear

little girl, what will become of her after she has

lost my protection and the position that stands
between her and her mother and want?”

The smell of gas had now grown so strong that
Fred was conscious he could resist its insidious
Alrieady his
head was beginning to buzz and his brain to
whirl. The furniture and other things in the room

D ‘ began to assume odd shapes, and to appear as if
 endowed with life and motion. ‘

The light that came through the closed window
from the airshaft appeared to be growing dim-

_mer-ppevery moment, though this was largely an

 

    

I .-‘.

illusion of his senses, for there was still plenty
of daylight, though not as strong in the airshaft
as out on the street. It was when he felt that
life was slowly but surely receding from him that
he suddenly heard the rattle of the knob of his
door, as if some one had made an effort to enter.
The sound aroused his benuinbed faculties from
the stupor into which he was drifting. H thought
it must be the janitor coming in, and his heart
gave a throb of hope. No key, however, rattled

in the lock, as he expected to hear, therefcre it i

could not be the janitor. Some one else was there.
Who could it be? If he only could attract their
attention. He was sitting in front of his desk,
close to it, where Nathan Notte had pushed him,
so he could read what was written on the paper.
His legs were tied to the seat in a way that threw
up his knees. Instantly he thought of the only
way to make a noise and that was to throw him-
self. backward, which would cause the body of the-
chair to tilt and his knees would hit the desk. He
hardly heard the sound he made, but Dick, stand-
ing outside, on the point of going away, convinced
that Fredhad gone home, heard the double knock.
He listened in some surprise, and heard some
more muﬂled sounds. He couldn’t imagine what
they indicated, unless the janitor was in there
tidying up; but this could hardly be with the door
locked. His curiosity induced him to put his eye’
tcfi the keyhole, and then he caught a strong whiff
0 gas.

“Good gracious!” he exclaimed. “The gas is on
in there. The janitor must have turned it on
accidentally.”

He was about to rush off to ﬁnd the janitor,

when there was a heavy fall in the room. Fred, r
,in a last desperate eifort to make himself heard,

had thrown himself back so hard’ that his knees
missed the edge of the desk and the chair _went
over with him, causing quite a crash.

“’.l‘here’s surely someone in there,” thou ht , :
. . . 3
“It is hardly likely any article of furniture _, V 

Dick.
could fall over of itself.”

He applied his eye to the keyhole again, and this D

time he gave a start of horriﬁed surprise. He
distinctly saw the overturned chair, with Fred
bound and gagged in it, lying still and motionless
on the floor.

“There’s been crooked work here. And the
room is filling with gas, too. Fred’ will be suffo-
cated. I must save him, and the quickestway is
to smash the glass and let the gas out as much
as possible.” ‘ '

He slipped oﬂ’ his right shoe and struck the
ground-glass pane with _the heel as hard as he
could. The glass was splintered with a crash, and

an overpowering rush of illuminating gas rolled ‘

out into his face and almost overcame him. Re-
covering himself, he attacked the broken pane
with blow after blow, sending the glass splinters
ﬂying in every direction. The noise was heard
by the janitor’s assistant in the next corridor,‘ and
he came running around to ﬁnd out what was the
matter.

“Here, what in thunder are you doing?” he‘

shouted, thinking a thief was trying to break into
the office. .
\ “Come here, and help me get this door open!”

cried Dick. “Hurry, or we may be too late to ‘ . "
save Fred Whitaker!” . __ H ,  i
" Dick's desperate earnestness had _its effect on »

‘the man, and he ran up.f One glancejinto the‘

r

 

 . rrTLEf.oPERA?roR l 

ﬂi__ thatya crime had been perpetrated in the
_ ce. , g ‘ . y
« Out came his key and a moment later -thedoor
wimg open.

They~ rushed the unconscious boy, with the’

hair, to thenearest open window and stuck his
ead out. _ _ - , ,
Leaving him in D1ck’s charge, the man ran

ack, turned oi? the flow of gas, and threw open

he”'0ﬂ'1ce window. I
Then he seized the telephone and rang up the

annunciator down on the first floor.

The head janitor answered the call, and his
ssistant told him to call an ambulance surgeon
‘once, and say thatone of the tenants had been
reome with gas, and to get around as soon as
horse could bring him. _ ~
While the ,janitor’.s assistant was telephoning to
boss ldbwnstairs, Dick tore the handkerchief
m, Fred's mouth, ‘cut the rope which bound him

‘the chair, and was doing his best to revive him. »

Hg_.£ound he had a hard job on his hands,.for
IS chum was nearly at his last gasp.

,f‘;Good Lord!” Dick exclaimed. “This must be
ha,t‘”blar’ne_d rascal Notte’s work. No one else

*would attempt such a villainous trick. He's sworn

e would kill Fred at the first chance he got. How
n«th‘L1_nd‘er‘could/he have managed it? He's got an
iwful nerve to venture into this building in broad
aylight; but it seems to be the nervy people who
” the tricks.” ‘ ‘ D —
z”"I‘he_ janitor’sf man now came up with a glass of
ater ,and both of ‘-them worked over Fred, but
ith, very little success. a

y..‘fIt’s. a,pretty_bad case, I’m afraid,” said the/‘

atnadoubtfully. “I’ve telephoned for an ambul-
fce, andsaid it was an urgent matter.”
“Gee! The surgeon can’t get here any too quick
Vfe his life, I’m afraid,” said Dick, in a fever
pa prehension lest Fred ie on their hands.
‘. "don’t see how a crook could have got into
5 building and done so much under our noses,”
’ ,the~man. “II-Ie must have turned on the gas

‘identallyt It 'wasn’t necessary for him to kill.

1je._lad~after binding and gagging him. I s’pose
preatenedl’ tokill Whitaker. Of that fact I feel
a ’trance.” ‘ .,
V '_ e man who did this job is a rascal who has
reatened tokillﬂwhitaker. Of thatf ct I feel
 I-Iisname is Notte, and the etectives
e beenlooking for him sometime without suc-
ess. He is evidently one of the slickest crooks in
he’ business. If he wasn’t he couldn’t have
ofked such a game.”
red rnow showed signs of reviving, and they
oubled their efforts.

the little operator opened his eyes and

“guess he’s,. come around now,” said Dick,
cl, g much‘ encouraged. l i l » ~
Yes; and he_had two men with him. , I re-
‘ d a" note from a person I expected wasla cus-
raslging me to remain till half-‘past four.”
So‘ Miss Rnay told me, and she was ,rather'wor-

donngand the smell of the gas was enough to show i

— tim.’

‘is as good as a mile in the long run.-

you did?”

"Wel1,~don’t talk about it till .you='.Ee

‘ I'll staywith you and see that youget,

right. Janitor, you’d better have ’a, la’
a new glass in Whitaker’s door ﬁrst, ing
morning, and. it will take some good’“sw
to get rid of all the broken glass on the A
said Dick.   ? -'

“How was I saved?” asked Fred, afterlt
geon had taken his departure, and th -
left to themselves.  s " \-

I Dick gave him all the particulars.

“You’re a brick, Dick. I owe my life
said Fred gratefully. ’

“No. you don’t—.-that is, only incidentally
owe it to Miss Ray.” _ ‘ '

CHAPTER x.——rwo ‘I-Iearts With7But
' Thought. '

Fred realized that he had had a veryI‘n
escape, and he was grateful to Providence,
pulling him through. Dick went home W ‘ ‘
and on,their way ‘ town they visited ohc
quarters, and F told his story to tlli
charge. * A V,

“It’s about time you nabbed that rascal,” he '
to the oﬁﬁcer. “This is the second attempth
madeon my life, and he couldn’t come any rte
and miss it than he has this time. If you '’
do something pretty soon you are liable '
another murder case on your hands, and
decided objection to playing therole ‘of

The oiﬁcer assured him that extra. .exer
would be taken to run N'ottedown,..a’nd w" 
assurance Fred continued on uptown " tli"
chum. Fred didn’t reach his bﬁice nextda ,

about noon. He found Ruby eagerly andlartxinu, ‘ _‘ l I

awaiting his arrival. She had read an ;a
of the murderous attack on Fred in’ them
paper, and «had a.rri'ved’at theoﬁice all broke
Dick managed to run in and give her the full
ticulars, as well as to assure her that Fred

not suffered any serious, consequences. :

“Oh, Mr._ Whitaker, I’m so glad you’i*‘e able‘
be around,” cried Ruby, jumping up whenhe_.a
peared, her eyes .3 arkling with moisture, hi
she could not hold ack. D ' , 7

“I’m all right,” he replieclin his usual:
ful way. , .“.I had, a tough experience, gbtlztiz Ta.»

.53
you read the account in the morning papejal

“Yes, and Mr. Markham wasin and '
how he saved you just in-time.” '   —

“He saved me, of course, but I really owe ..

5 life to you, little girl, for he wouldn’t« ha

around, only you asked him to do.‘ so. 

you looked greatly worried, and he .came' up‘

more to oblige you than because he thdug ‘

would be‘ anything wrong. Now, how”-am

to thank you for saving my life, for I f
“You\m'ustn’t thank me,” she said with

eyes. “You have done so much for m‘e,tha,t

very, very happy to /have
' I tl.1.1'I'l;’

_ I thin , for syouan -
. ﬂigp. . 1?.

eioﬁeee

 “ f      merits.‘ 

“And. would you like to make me feel par-
:-ticularly happy, too?” I _ I
.?*‘”W'hy, how can I?" she said in,-a low tone.
,f‘I:low can you? By -letting me know that you
f ca for me. I have told you that I was attract-
, jadjto you from the ﬁrst, now 1 tell you that since
you’ve been with me here I have seen that my
 st impression of you was right—that you are
§&_Ie -best and dearest little girl in all the world.
ﬂhave learned to care for you even more than if
were my sister. Do you understand what that
f means? That I love you, Ruby, with all my heart,

« ljand that I want you to become my wife some day.

Do you care enough for me to say that you will
:oome‘ to me when I ask you? Do you, dear?”

He put his arms around her and drew her close '

Qto him, and she did not resist this freedom on his
7part. ,How‘ could she, when she loved him with
all her heart? l I _ _

« “Do you love me, Ruby?” he asked again, rais-

5 ing dheriaverted head till they looked into each V

therfs eyes.
,_ The tender pleading in his tones bore down the
_‘~] st barrier. of- her maiden reserve, and with a
‘ >soft_.“Yes-,” she buried her face on his shoulder.
Fr.ed’s soul thrilled with joy as he felt her cling
0 him. It was the happiest moment in all his
'fe. And it was the happiest moment in her
oung life, too. Fred. sealed their engagement

0 with half a dozen kisses snatched fromher lips,

andthen their bliss was intruded on by a knock
 "door. Fred opened it himself to give Ruby
ime to sit down and take up her book, on‘ which
she fastened her eyes and tried to still the throb-
ﬁbings “of her heart. Broker Prescott stood,out-

_sid . .
" ‘Whitaker! I, hardly expected to ﬁnd
ere after what 1'1-cad ‘in the paper about
 I came up on a chance. Allow me to

v- ~ ‘ atulate you on ﬁnding you alive and kick-
,» a”nd he seized Fred’s hand and shook it

omein, Mr. Prescott, and take a seat,” said
red,'pi11ling him aside. .
Prescott bowed to Ruby and sat down.
1 , “Judging from the newspaper account, you had
..d mighty narrow escape,” said the broker.
‘fl ‘did.’ It was touch and go with me.”
‘Your friend Markham saved you?”
fYes. He came up to see me just in the nick
£..time. We usually go home together. It hap-
ened he wassem‘: to Brooklyn on an errand,
which accounted for his hein downtown, so late,
and learning that‘ I expecte to be detained on
usiness, he came around to see whether I was
'llj.here. Onlyfor that-I’d havebeen a gone
oose as sure as you sit there.” . .
“Tell ‘me the full particulars. The pa ers
eemed-to be rather meager on details. I be ieve
 men‘ attacked you, one of /them being that
%§l.lS.il'l_‘ who pinched my wallet down ‘at the is-
nd—.”, ,1
5 “‘Th'at”sright,” and Fred described all that hap-
gptened, together with an account of" how Dick came
F ' scene andlsaved his life. , l ,
, hat Notte is a vindictive scoundrel,” said the
‘ , ", ‘.‘—and the «commission of a murder doesn’t
‘ ’ him ‘M: V He’ got itin for you

been on the job for three weeks, but I“don’t1aee
that they have done anything. If they ’don’t ~ \
him down after this aﬂ’ai,r of yesterday, I'can"’-
see how they are earning their’ pay.” ' ~ I»

“Let us ho e they’ll get -him,” said the broker
rising. “We 1, I must be getting down to
Curb. Good-morning.” ' - ’

out of jail. Fred'_’phoned headquarters; several
times, but got very little satisfaction. ‘All 11
could learn was that several detectives were out
looking for him. The boy was more than ever
on his guard, now that he realized what a. ﬁerce
enemy he had. , Fred ‘provided every detective in
the ﬁnancial district with a pretty accurate de-
scription of Notte, and how clever he was at '
guising himself, and promised $100 to the ioﬂicer
who should catch him. In the meantime, he de-
voted his attention to M._ & R., which had gone ‘uﬁ
two points. Eight days after he bought the stoc.
the attention of the brokers was attracted to -“it:
its apparent scarceness, and a rush being in e
to buy it -by many of them caused it to jumlp. up
to 74 in an hour. One of the traders emp eyed
by the syndicate then boosted it up three 
more in a few minutes, and it became thecentcr
of considerable excitement. ' _*
All this happened one Monday morning-when
Fred was in the gallery of the Exchange, and he
thought the boom was on at last, When he won
to lunch it was going at 79, which ut him $11,
000 ahead of the game. As he calcu ated onfmak
ing $20,000 out of this deal, he made no‘ attempt
to sell out. The newspapers drew the attentim;
of the public to the rise in M. &. R., and next day
a crowd of. small speculators came into thezstree
looking for it. As soon as the public took 
terest in the stock the insiders let out a _ ‘
quantity of it to encourage them. They bitzat
like gudgeons, and the price kept on rising asgﬁle

stock was fed to the eager purchasers." Fredf» V‘
‘watched it go up,w'ith great satisfaction. u 

When three o'clock came around it'closed,a 

Next day it reached 90 at elezyen o'clock, and the}.

little operator decided that he would take nongoza
chances on it,‘though it looked a_s'if it might gore
par. He went to the little bank and ordereduiiis
account closed out. It was -done insidejof ‘ 
minutes at 90 5-8. This gave Fred a profit 
about $22,300. When he collected his mone’y‘-'he

‘ told Ruby that he was now worth. $34,000.

—“That’s a good deal of money,” she said
asmile. . ' ,, .  g’ ‘ 7

“Oh, that’s only a flea-bite in Wall Street.
man wants to have $100,000 at least to make anya
kind of a sliowing.” . V -

“Do you expect to make as much as ‘that? _

“Do, I? - Why, I hope to‘ make a million by
time we are ready to get married.” 3 V _

“Wouldn’t yoube satisﬁed with less than that

“Yes; but I believe’ in aiming high.” . ‘

‘ Ruby made no reply. «

A million dollars fairly dazzled her sense
her eyes it appeared to be a prodigious sum; 5 ‘
could notconceivé how Fred, smartaslsh‘ ' "
he was, could make so much: And 7th
thought troubled her—-if Fredigot -to be so

as that,» would he  contentfto m

i girl like her?’

,9

A week passed away, and Notte still 4

nits i

 

A want to die.

 

   

 to avoid arrest.

 
 

 
 

THE LITTLE

She need not have worried herself
about such a thing. since there wasn’t the least
danger of the little operator going back on her.
He wasn’t built that way.

CHAPTER XI.—Fred Earns a Big Commission.

As Fred’s standing advertisement in different
papers was now creating considerable correspon-
dence for him, which he got Ruby to answer in
long hand, and enclose a manifolded typewritten
market letter which he prepared for the purpose
every day or two, the little operator began to
ﬁgure that before long he would have Work
enough to keep a typist going part of the day
at any rate. So he told Ruby one afternoon that

' ' he wanted her to go to an evening school where
- typewriting was taught, among other things, and

learn how to manipulate a machine.

“I’l1 pay the cost of your tuition. All ou’ll have
to do is to put in an hour or so nig ts at the
school until you are able to work the machine in
proper shape. I’ll get a machine, and you can
practice down here on my correspondence, so it
should not take you long to become a proﬁcient

ewriter,” said Fred. - .

uby was perfectly willing to do anything that
Fred wished her to, and so she started in at the
school right away that Fred selected. She tried
her best to learn as quickly as possible, so as to
be of immediate use to her employer, and she
made good progress from the start. ‘Practising
most of the time in the ofﬁcehelped her greatly,
and as she was a gpod speller, and understood
the the rules of punctuating very well, she was
soon able to turn out very satisfactory work. Fred
didn't consider it necessary for her to learn short-
hand, as he expected to marry her by the time. his
business would require the services of a sten-
ographer. Some weeks elapsed and he heard
nothing further from Nathan Notte, so he judged
that the detectives had made the city too hot for
him to stay, and that he had gone somewhere else
Still he did not relax his watch-
fulness, as he felt that the rascal was too vin-
dictive to take any chances with. One morning,
as he was sitting in his oﬂice reading a Wall
Street paper, the door opened and a well-dressed

' gentleman entered.

“I»wish to see Fred Whitaker,” he said.

“That’s my name. Take a seat,” said the little
operator. .

The gentleman did so, and looked around the
oﬁice before’ speaking again.

“You are operating as a broker, I believe.

" young man?” he said.

“I am trying to get a start in that line, but at

2 present I am operating more for myself than any

one else,” replied Fred.
“I dare say,” answered the gentleman, with a.

I slight smile. “I came to see you because Mr. Ed-

ward Prescott has spoken very highly about you
to me. My name is John Ward, and I’m a large
operator on the market.”

“I know you by reputation, Mr. Ward, and am
glad to make youracquaintance.”

“What I have to say to you is strictly con-

’ , ﬁdential. You haven’t a private room, have you?”

This represents the.whole of my

“No, sir.
You can talk here without any

oﬁice facilities.

’ fear of our conversation being overheard.”

 

 

OPERATOR

9)‘

“But this young lady? I would prefer————

“She is my conﬁdential assistant, and you ‘may
rely on her secrecy. Still, if you would rather not
talk in her presence, I can send her out.”

“I think you had better in the present instance.
I can say all I have to say in ten minutes.”

“Very well. Put on your hat,'Ruby, and take a
short stroll.”

“I want to get hold of a lot of D. & C. stock. I "

For reasons I cannot Very well put my regular
brokers on the job. Finding myself in a quand-
ary, I thought of you. You are not generally.
known to be a broker, and if you are as smart
as Mr. Prescott says you are, I think you will
ﬁll the bill. If you do the business up to the
handle you’ll make a very large commission, for
I shall pay you the regular rates, same as my
brokers get. I want you to go around the oﬂices
and buy -all the D. & C. you can get as close to
tl‘1;e81(i)1arket as possible. The stock is now ruling.
a .
that, but it will take good judgment and shrewd-
ness to secure the stock without causing suspicion

that you are buying a large amount for interested- ‘ 
If that suspicion got around you would ' ' ‘

parties.
be watched, and as soon .as your purpose was

discounted the stock would rise rapidly, which, I

is the very thing I want to avoid. You under-.
stand?"

“Yes, sir.”

“Have the shares delivered C. O. D. at Driggs ‘
I have made special arrange-' _
ments with them to accept and pay for all cer.-. v

& Co., bankers.

tiﬁcates of D. & C. presented at their bank. At
the outside you must not givemore than an ad-
vance of two points on the prevailing price, but I
look to have you get the majority of the -shares
much less.

fa’. messenger send the young lady or an A. D.
°Y- .
“All right, sir." ‘ ‘- .
“Hand me your desk pad and I will give you the
order in regular shape.”
In a few moments Fred held the order for an
unlimited number of D. & C. shares, the price not
exceeding two points above the market rate.

“You thoroughly understand what I expect of

youydo you ?:’ '
es sir,’
large order he had received.

“Very well. If you do well I shall 1) b bl ' -
clude you in my list of special broker1s(,):ndyy1dlu
will ﬁnd that much to your advanta e. Should
anybody ask_you at any time if you
would be advisable for you to say ‘No.’ It is often

Don’t call personally at my oﬂice. If you haveﬁt

necessary to prevaricate in Wall Street from mo- I I

tives of policy. Now I will say good-by, and
trust to ﬁnd that you will make good in this mat-
ter, which is of vital consequence to me, and of no
little importance to yourself.”

Mr. Ward then shook hands with Fred, telling
him to get onthe job at once, and left. As soon

as Ruby returned Fred put on his hat and went ,
He ﬁrst made a tour of the buildingiand.
soon found a broker who had 5,000 shares of D. &: ”

out.

C. he was willing to sell for 81.

1-2,” said Fred. “Can't you come down?’ ‘

“My customer wants to get about 6,000 a  

   
 
 

now me it .

 

You will have to offer something above 

_ Buy every share you can ﬁnd, and , 7;?
notify me the moment you ‘run against a snag. V . '

 

replied Fred, tickled to death at the I C

 . amnion

4vso‘me  the trader agreed to sell

ake the stock,” said the little operator.
youtgot it in your oﬂice?” ~  .
No, it’s at my bankers,” was the reply. It ,
Fred understood from that that the broker had
thecated it that is, he had left it -withvhis

ibanker as security for money borrowed, a very‘

common‘ occurrence. . _
.,,When can you deliver it?”
‘i‘_‘Within an hour.” _
f"Here is your order. Send it C. O. D. at the

“Who are you buying this for, young man?”
“Anew customer.” l ‘-
 BYc1:;uIa1}te you1r)1g_to the a. broker.’_’ 
Hes, sir u ave - een ouryears in e
§¢;r;eet.*": ' .  . », V. v .
r  indeed! Who did you work for?” 3“,
“William Andrews.” “ ‘ I _, 0 V .
‘II-Ie. died a few months ago.‘ Well, I‘ wish ‘you
may . ﬁylgsend the’ certificates around to Dnggs
‘ * .e 0Jfe.11°9ns . c 0 .1 l
d left and -went to _another broker onthat,
cor. ‘The trader ‘wasnot in, but the cashier said
they had }10,000.,D. &, C.- which they were carry-
, ‘for a’ customer who had just instructed them
#1 couldn’t break the block,” he said. _ is
D ?l1,,;.take it as it stands for 80 1-2,” said Fred.
oéﬁ_o’,you represent?”, asked the cash1er.
‘ s ., ‘ ~ 7 »
‘,Do.» on mean) to say you have the money to‘
 ,,,000.wo.r.th of stock?” a x '
tcgag:

, . ‘bankers will honorany order.

 o the extent of my pile.” i_.., i .
*,‘,Are you ; of age? .You'don’t» 1ook,1t.’*» .
“We won’t discuss that.

drawn, “on

Will you d liver that
ock" at. my bankers for 80 1-2?” h p ’ _

“ f we aresure of gettmi our mone we w1l1;§

if this is a practical jo c you thin to make‘
butt of,'why——” ._ - 
ou_might telephone Dnggs & Co. and ask

the if they will accept 10,000 shares of D.  C.
.‘  .or.der at 80 1-2.] That ought tosatisiy

Wait a moment, then.” . i — ‘ _
The cashier went to the telephone booth 1n the
ting-room "and communicated with Driggs ,&
he reply he received provedfsatisfactory,
_ cl henfhe cameback to his desk he accepted
 ;s order. and handed out the ﬁrm’.s memo,
which clinched the pd,ea1.. Fredvfound several
‘ allglots of. D. & C. in the bu11d1ng,'and had\no
‘ble. in Jauiying. them. _ Then he—wen't to 8.1, sky-
a r aérosslthe streetand, secured about‘ 16,000
’ Having captured28,000sshare‘s- at art av-
g ‘price’ of 805-8, ‘he concluded he would go
lunch. «Between one and vthree he bought: 20;-,
ore, and then returned tohis oﬁice well sat-
vwith his" day’-s work’ on which his comm s-
f ould ‘amount. to:$6,000. e sent ‘a n te
an d to»Mr.~ Ward; b’ Ruby, telling] him What ,r
 ‘done so far, an the operator’s. replycon-. V
—t ' tedhim on his success. 7 _Next_day hehad ,
’ ‘ﬁiculf jab? gathering in 18,000

hated. to get» the’ stock at‘
U  M ‘ .2‘ «

V later received a check for $10,000.

alford to,” she replied. c

and kissing her.
0 objection.” 0

~ booming it. The D. L& C. d

‘ , mpgwhich» . in who it

Ward that he had bought up ‘about all ther €51
insight. 0 - ’  . _  '
,“You have doneverywell, indeed, Whitaker}?
wrote back the operator.’ “No 'one.seems;_ to
noticed that such a large quantity of D. & C 134
resenting a market value at current ratesof  vet
six and a millions, has been gobbled up by,
party. I was afraid that. it would .ge,t;,out-son1
way, but you‘ performed ‘your part so»we.l1,that

no one is the wiser of what has been ‘going 06101;‘ -

Send me your statement by mailand I will o’r,-
ward check for commission. You will heargf om
mewhen I have something else to put‘/in your
way.” ‘ . . ' I  "
Fred mailed his statement, and a day—,or
“How isthat for
showing it to Ruby.   ,
“Splendid!” she replied 1 enthusiastically.
“That makes me worth $44,000. I guess ; .
afford to get you a._ ﬁnediamond engagement‘ ‘ ’
nowlé’ hesaid. . it’ v _ h i . r . 
0, you mustn get anyt ing expensive '
replied. .“I should much prefers. cheap on fa
should appreciate it just as muehfas‘ if i L —
lot of money. I want to wear-.it,‘ and it
look singular for me, living in at chleg1p,teneme3,!$.
to show ‘a very valuable diamondming. It: _ 0
tempt somebody to attack and roh._;ne.’? ,~
0 “That's true. I didn’t:~think,of it. I hav been
thinking of having you and your mother: 
uptown near where I live. It would begni 1- for:
you both, and convenient for.me., In fact "

four days’ ,work?’l”l1e/sa

7 often thought_if Notte were in the city it aw, 7
be easy for him to reach me in the neighborhood

of Rivington Street.” . . . , p A 
“Mother and I would gladly move if we otcbuid
“I’ll._ra1se your wages to $12 a week soyyo, 

afford it.” , t  *’
“You are very good, Fred, but I amznot

that to you yet.” , , S . ‘ .
“Sweetheart,_ you E are. worth_ a million’ to,

andyou know it,”;he said, pullm her head "

“So don’t in e any fart

And she didn’t. l l '

CHI-IAPTER. xI1..gLIn the Shadow»of'Death _

A few days afterward‘ D. & C. began’ ‘ go
and Fred was satisﬁed that his‘ custo” 
Ward, was at the head of a'synldicate the
. , cal proved; as I 
success for its promoters, but A-not’such a. s ‘ss
iioer the outsiders who bought it at high  

y were ,

for it. The’ m’arket;was'pretty shakyfnr 3.  
after the boom -came to’ an end, and during ’
time Fred noticedindications of the forrn
another boom, this time in A. & B. He none

as the stockvwas selling low, tdtak; a ‘ 
it, andxaccordingly he pm-chased.2‘,00O

72. ‘'«A week later -the marketirallied, and _
atér part 

S‘ 1 km 11:1

, went‘ up to 78. Fred boimht‘ anothér

 as

Free lived, and he called more frequently than
'v;er on her, and took her to many places of

‘Z an'iusement.« It was at this time ,that Fred re-
ceived a visit from Mr. Ward’s office boy. He

brought a note from the operator which informed

, him that an, old gentleman living on the outskirts
"of._.Newark,had 1,000 shares of Erie which he,

Ward«,,w.anted to get hold of, and he commissioned
Fred to call on the owner and make him an offer
of 42 for his stock, which was nearly a point above
the market, enclosing a certiﬁed ‘check signed by

V a’ friendofr his, on the Manhattan National Bank,

toVpay for it. So Fred, after telling Ruby where
.he:‘was_ bound,‘ started for the Cortlandt Street

;-Ferry. On his way up Wall‘Street he met Dick.

.“What’s your rush, Fred?” asked his friend,
’ ' gt him by the arm.
“I'm in a hurry. Got to catch a train.”

A“ “Where are you bound ?" « K . .
Newark. Goizig to call on an old gentleman
$1. .ee_on'the;

"  ore..four.”: ' "

I uwherersl

h,’ bother an umbrella: I don't believe it’ll
ra  Vt any rate, I can ﬁndxaplace of shelter
ﬁt’-I’ need it. Goodby." . ’_

2 Wdicaught a boat that connected with the
next 1ocal.train that stopped at Newark, and
rded the last car. Among the passengers was
ugh~look')ng man who saw Fred when he en-

an‘d,’noting where he sat, watched him all

_ way to Newark. -When Fred got ‘out ‘he
allghted, toogandrfollowed the boy to a trolley
ea ,f He got’ on the back platform and kept his
‘ on the young operator. When Fred left the
«at acertain corner-«he, jumped oil’. also, and
ggefdialon-g after him in a careless way.

F‘z"ed.didn-’t notice that hevw'a's—-being followed. ~

H_ was thinking how he would interview the old
 n’,tlem'an‘about his stock. Finally he ‘reached
ﬁles destination, a handsome cottage surrounded by
..ell’~‘ek~e‘pt grounds, and entered by the front gate.
The rough-looking man stopped, and then took
" hisvposition on the opposite side of the way.
had hardly entered the house when it began
ain. The watcher looked around for shelter,
seeing a ‘vacant house close by, got_on the
daandsat there." Ered was shown into the
r,o£ the cottage, and the’ old gentleman made
" ‘. f The little operator stated the
How did you learn that I owned 1,000 shares
1}
curiously. .
“Iiheard ‘so from

purchase it.” _

,*‘_What ,-is the gentleman’s name?” _

u willhave to excuse me revealing his name,

my customer who sent me to

. ,. /‘You look ve'ry;y.oung to be in, the
 ‘So you offer me 42,; ehj?’~’

es,...sir;y that is /what I was instructed to;

'_eal,ly.,jthink'.I, o '
13' iruling'at,41 1- ."

t to have more."

clsed

owit. o_ ya
42 w."

o

‘tleman looked at the ‘signature.

oaeville Road.;,. ;,I,..e:t‘pect.<;to.ba«.
your umbrella? Itilooksiilike rain." "

, »savant's.'

. was late in the afternoon.

Erié.‘stock?’f ‘asked the little old gentleman

t 41‘ yesterday, but it may be ‘ i

“Did you‘ bring the money to ‘paygfor-the sto

“I brought a certiﬁed check for $42,000., a
to your order,»on the chance that you .woul '

“Let me see it, please.” ' , 2 ‘  _

Fred handed it to him, and the shrewd 'old—ge
_ _ As‘ itw
signed by Ward, the old man was none the
as to the identity-of the party. wholwant
stock, though he naturally supposed it was
person who had given the check, and whose
was not familiar to him. Mr. Ward had‘r
for believing that the old gentleman ‘woul
out for a higher price if he saw his namevat
to the check, that's whyhe did not send >'h .
check-—-a trick he often adopted, .thoug"h F’
was unaware of the fact. '

In fact, Fred had much to learn aboututhe In
euvers used by the big men of the Street ' '
their identity in a transaction.  . v y

The old gentleman, ﬁnding that he‘dld~‘ n t

L the; .‘Gl-‘I01'k.1.\Il'tOl.0—rLl1_1l.o. was signed~.to>ath

cleared. He gladly accepted the offer,
he and his host were engaged in a discussi‘
some late. discoveries made. in Syrf j
_ Fred was fairly well ‘informed “-
subject, having seen a full account reoentl ~'
Sunday newspaper, while the old gentlema ,, ._
highly educated and an extensive reader, ’th1te’
a lot of light on the subject that greatly‘
the little operator. In this way “near!”
elapsed. ~ .
Then the rain let up and Fred took
The sky was dark and still threatenip
“I won’t reach New York much before . 2;,
thought, as he walked‘ rapidl along. ” r e
The rough-looking man ha impatiently a as
his appearance from his place of refuge. ‘
the roof of the veranda of the vacant house. 
Fred left the cotta e, the man followed him, do
the road for/severa blocks, till they came"nea’r
small saloon. An alley ran between the.-c.0I'1\1e3$
saloon and .,the ‘adjoining house. i It wasmrovid
with a door. When Fred got opposite‘th ’ or
the rough-looking man cameup behind hnrr; 
catching him by the arm’ unawares,,sh ‘
into the alley, and as the boy turned’
strate, struck him -a blow under the earl
him out .unconscious. The. man then dragged
up the alley as far as another door, throughpviv 1
he carried him into a small room‘ back‘ of
salary: ﬁtted witharound tableand severa '

. He lifted Fred into one of‘ the vchairs,

going, through his clothes, taking, h g wet
money, and the Erie certiﬁcate, he. laid. 1m’
the table like a drunken man. ., ' '

. "‘ Thenhe went into the saloon and.held.fa*

ence with the proprietor,‘ who was behind;’tl1eir* I
The man followed him’ into the.-giittle:ro9

between them theywcarried‘-_Fred in at



back"ro0m.* wh,ere,thei laiﬁélgxgv h.

11;.
v

,1

 if ‘V THE A'LVIT~'l‘LE" OPE.RAT0Rv _ ‘

_ oking man, whose voice sbunded strangely
athan-.. Notte’s. “Since he escaped me by
skin of his teeth two months ago, when I
ght“I had him dead sure, I’ve been watching

e sure ofthis lad. He shan’t leave this room
W‘ .
“H w are you goin’ to ﬁx him? I can't have
y..bloo.d shed’ here.” '
“I.ve~g'ot a bottle of chloroform in my pocket.
saturate a~rag with it and let him breathe
till‘ he‘ peters out.” I
“And [then what? You’ve got to get the body
. ‘ “so his death will not be traced to this

vs that to me, Grady. I'll see that you’re
~nﬂx‘d..u-p, in thisgs _ ' . .
pe so. I ,don’t want to be Jugged under
,g.is‘p_ic us. circumstances.” - '
’ll=:fetch a hghtwagon around in the course
_ .' hour or two, , after it gets . dark, and
arr -the boy over to the Passaic River and
d_nmp:him in at a convenient spot. . There’ll 
9 ignon him to show how he came to his
§a_}_i,‘-soit will go as an accident.” ..
,‘§—Lpo ut that you’re not seen dom’ it."
«ru meffpr that.
-looking man lau hed dryly, and tak~
, of pungent~sme1 ing liquid from his
andpickin up "a towel from the wash-
xhe’ saturate the latter with the drug and
over Fred’s face, ‘

I ome,” he'— said tohis companion. “We’ll go‘

nstairs ‘now and let him start on his journey
eunknown alone." ‘

3‘.h.€. ;men left _the room, locked the door, and

, footsteps were heard descending the stairs. ’

.»he.ad’..scran1bled out from his lace ‘of con-
; 'nt:{ and showed himself in ull. He was
halooking boy, of sixteen years of age. He
.at.»the motionless form of the little opera-

" _'_the bed and then snatched the towel from ‘

. ee! -Chlbroform. Goin’ tomurder the
I athan Notte _is\ gettin" wuss‘ everyday,
_';Pat..Grady would bejest as bad if _he had
sand. ’It’s a lucky thing for this guy that

e,in here ‘out of the rain and thenfell

‘ v,~unde1- the bed. U They've‘ locked the door, "

hat doesn’t matter when there’s a winder

?  _Too bad I can’t take this chap with-

the ..boy muttered as heishovedthe window

ftly, “but as he's clean -oif, I'couldn’t"do 

l ust put the dry endof the towel over

‘ o..deceive them bloody-minded chaps,’ 

‘shouldl come-back sudden like, and
f’ ‘ "cgp4_~and put him‘. on\ to the

>1 set:"squax9 ;W H. Nathan

It isn’t the first time

. to prevent me going through the house.

covered face and helped to revive him, thoughyyhée -

was coming to rapidly, anyway, the chloroform".

, not having been long enough over his face to-

have had any material effect on him. Five»—‘-

minutes after the red-headed boy left the room, '3'
he ” sat up, throwing the towel off his face. , ‘Hey

Then he remembered the unexpected assaultliﬁf

looked around the room in surprise.
“How in creation did I get here?” he
himself “in astonishment.

madeupon him, and the blow which had sent his
wits wool-gathering. - - p‘ "'
"‘I must have been brought up in this room ‘
by that rascal, whoever he was. I wonderwhat
his object was in fetching me here? Robbery?”
Fred felt for his money and found it_ gone.
His watch and chain were likewise 

W'th th'll'f h ‘ h th thi; 
. into his cordt goclﬁgpidhdufgniiris §:sm§‘§' dare’ ‘lhﬂig

that the Erie certificate was gone, too, 3» ,, .
“I’ve been cleaned out forfair, and‘le‘£t here
to recover at my leisure. I must get away and.
notify the police at once.” , . ‘A 
He walked to the_door and ‘found it locked
“Locked in. That looks as if the fellow ‘
tended to hold me prisoner. Yet he left V
window open. Possibly because I, can’t esca "
that way. I’ll see, however. Pm ready 
considerable risk to get away.”_ . H : .
When he looked out of the window and~’s,a,svr
he was only one story above the ground, he was‘, »
much surprised. ‘ , 
“It’s as si le as rolling off a log to get away -
from here. . hy was I locked in, then? /Perhaps
That's
it. ' The rascalleft the window open as am.’

vitation for me to "gothat way. Well,_it’s 

onéy path, so I’ll have to-—— J ‘v ;,
ootsteps ascendin the stairs at that momen,
interrupted his thong ts. ‘ r ’
- “Maybe it's the rascal returning.
make my exit quic .” ‘

' .At that moment his eyes lighted on a
man's billy standing in a corner. With ’

-‘I-his,hand he did not fear any man. I If it was the

rascal returning to see if he was gon here’
a chance to lay him out and possiby recover
his property as well as the Erie certiﬁcate- He‘
snatched up the club and stood where the door
on opening would hide him for the moment. The f
key rattled in the lock, the door opened. and
recognized the rough-looking man who »h
jumped him. «. p r  H ‘  . .
As the fellow uttered an exclamation bf ; ‘_
and surprise on seeingthe window ‘open an'd_'h—s
victim/gone, Fred struck him a heavy b’I'ow.‘,He
pitched forward on his face, quite stunned. Fred
closed the door and locked it to prevent
possibility of interruption. Then he bent’
the man to search him, and started ‘back {A

surprise when" under the disarranged bear

§ectotg'nized the well-known features’ of Nat’
o e.
“Great Scott!” he exclaimed. ,“Notte!
been up against him on_ce.1nore, and la’
kill me when I lay at his” — .1.-do
stand.i{é. h
was  GD.
 I

   ‘ t’I‘TTLn’ OPERATOR 

hat Nathan Notte was dead. While‘ he
live‘ and at large they had felt‘ more ‘or
_,ess,anxi;,ous all the time about Fred’s safety.
Three . days later A. & B. stock reached 90,
d‘Fred decided to sell “out at that price, which
would give him a proﬁt of $18 a share on the
'_ 12,000 he bought; $12 a share on the second
, ”hase' of 1,000; and $8 a_ share on the third
pp chase of 1,000—-altogether, $56,000, which-

‘ ed his capital to $100,000.
Shortly afterward Mr. Ward again called on
Fred ‘and commissioned him to buy a large
0 ntitypof M. & N, shares on the quiet. The
e operator executed the order with the same

‘ct andsuccess that he had the former order.

r, in the ihillionaire operator, and he gathered
‘ ' ommission of about $11,000 this time. He
174:, had about two dozen regular out-of-town
stomers, and several city ones, and though he
',’t-‘makea whole lot out of them, they repre-
ntéd the’ beginning of a brokerage business
l’1i(’:h; heehoped to greatly enlarge in the course

‘day he noticed that L. & G. was going

a e had not had a deal on for nearly a month,

(1 was impatient to get on to something that
ldi give him another ﬁnancial lift. . He ent,

_ among the brokers making» inq ries

.;.the stock in an,,off—hand‘ way, and ﬁnally

ea ﬂed himself that it was a good thing to get
, if’ handled properly. So he bought about
Vlsharesl at 92, the market price at the time.

t’ the same time Broker Prescott tipped

off to a mining stock named Red Crow,

, edyin a ‘new district which had just been
o‘p.ened"up, and he bought; 50,000 shares at 5
«dents a share which footed up $2,500,, and made

Ruby a present of the block. ' '

This was promoter’s stock, sold for the purpose
developing the ‘mine. ‘If the mine became
-satisfactory‘ producenof silver and gold are the

‘sh res would be eventually worth many times.

it: t-Fred paid for them. If, on the contrary,
_ _ .mine‘*did not make good, the little operator
 ’ld"suﬁ'e‘r the loss of part, if not all, of his
investment. The prospects, however, looked good,
” ’ Fred believed’ that Ruby would some day be
to realize handsomely on this stock. In
vent, he was now so well oil’ that he wnuldn’t

1 the'f$2.5500‘ if his sweetheart ‘didn’t get anyg

'g-_out"_of 1t. . _
»-bout 11a week ‘after he bought the L. & G. it
‘u "to 95, and he ,bought—2‘,000 shares more
it, ough 'the"bank” found; some trouble in
M g t,1.for .it was getting scarce, a pretty
 sign?’ that. it“ was beingcornered by some

‘eate','though‘ Fred no evidence to show.

i it really was.» The market being a bullish
' -helfpe'd.Tmatters along, and soon after the
"rs; began, taking a special ‘interest in L. & G.
body in the sper;ulative‘1in’e then began

 ihg‘ or the stock, and, as always happens,’
‘demand’ is greater than theesupp-ly, the
‘ .‘ ent. up, and the“Exchange .became'a "scene

i: -excitement. ' L. & G. speedily reached’

Fred began to consider the ‘advisability
 I-1e‘fon
,3

price -he got for his shares was 103.= .Thus_.hé
made a proﬁt of $11 a share on his 6,000 and
$8 a shareon his 2,000, or a total proﬁt of $32:'
000, which made him worth $190,000. -.
“Things seem to be coming my way fast,”.
said to Ruby, after he had disposed ofhis hol
’ “Another lucky deal ought to make
worth a quarter of a million. Wall Street is.t
greatest place in this country for making mon
fast, if you have luck and know how'to woe
the ropes.” ' ‘ '
“It seems so,” she smilingly replied. _
“And, on the other hand, you can lose am
lion in an hour if things go the wrong way.” ,  »
“I ~' hope things will never go the ‘wrong we.
with you.” . . . .. p .. ..
,“I hope so, too; but then you never can tell,’
he replied, taking up a paper and beginningto

read.

‘ CHAPTElt XV.-—Cornering‘ the “Bears”
' Wall Street. ' '

_ The success that the little operator was?mak-
mg in Wall Street did not escape the knowledge
of the brokers, and they talked the matteryov
among themselves. ,
“Why, I understand on good authori that he
made*over’$80,000 on the late rise in, ‘. & G
said one. ‘ , ‘ . 4
“I heard so, too,” said another. “He ‘must. we
been born lucky. Still, I don’t see how. he ~dii1
it, unless somebody who's a good friend of his
handed out a tip on what was going to happen-’
“They say he’s worth a quarter of a.m1l‘_li
said a third trader. — * T . ' ‘
“It doesn’t seem possible that a boy could in

of‘

‘so much as that,” remarked the ﬁrst speaker.

“He may have it, and I think we,ought...t.6
get busy and- see if we can't get some of;
awayfrom him,” said the broker named Brown
,_ “Pm willing to snip a little of _his 
lf -any one can show me how to do it,”', 
a bro er, whose name "was Jenkins. - ' ’ "
“Come over to-‘my oﬁice and we’ll talk, _Hé
matter over,” said Brown, and the crowd‘ 0
three went along with him. »  .

It happened, however, that Dick ‘Ma kh

‘overheard enough of their conversation to put

wise to its import. He knew all the~four‘bro era
by name, and that afternoon he ran. in and 
Fred. He told the little operator what he _
heard, gave, him the names of the "traders,.: ’
advised him to he on his guard against 
trick on their part. ‘ 1 ‘ : ~

Fred s iled and said he guessed he coul ta ~_
care of his «bunch of ﬂeece. On thefollowirrg
day Broker Brown called on Fred.’ After tel "
the boy how glad he was, tolhear he was ‘ma '
money, he proposed that Fredgo into a syndicate
that he andhis, friends were forming to co 1&1;
and boom a certain stock the name of wh V '
didn’t mention. r . , 1 . ,-

“We are giving you. this chance hecauseh.
want to"have a lucky person with us _

~ things along. We shall want you to g"o*,i

extent of‘ $100,000, and I guarantee,

 by THE‘ i.Ir'rLE

. ;  ' , , I
'»,Mve- put up a guarantee that you'll come in.
on know if you didn’t‘go in you could use
_. he information to your individual advantage
that might hurt us.”
"‘Oh, all right. I’ll let you know by Thursday
I will g ' It looks rather good to me, I
onfess,” said Fred in an innocent way.
.97 “Good! You'll ﬁnd it is the ﬁnest thing you
er touched. Just like ﬁnding money,” replied
his‘ caller with simulated enthusiasm.
' Fredynodded in an encouraging way, and the
ker departed. Then the little operator put
50 [his hat and went out. He called on Prescott
and told him about the visit he had from Broker
Brown, the proposition the trader had made him,
and then what he had learned about the inten-
ti _ of the four brokers through his friend
Dick" Prescott laughed.
‘ “‘',Of course, you won't (go into any scheme pro-
osed by Brown,” he sai .
' “I. should say not; but I'd like to catch those
dersvin a net of their own making. How can
do you‘ suppose?” _ A
,'I’1l tell you a plan that might work. How
_, ch money can you call on?” i
"‘,’l‘wo ‘hundred thousand, about.” ,
‘fWell, I happen to know that one of the big- ;
gestsyndicates on the Street has succeeded ‘in
_, "ering N. & 0. stock. It as at this moment
s"scarce as hen’s teeth, but the pool is preventing
that fact from getting out by making many
11 sales among themselves. I got the news
late to be“ of much use to me. I found I
o‘uldn,’t buy over 1,000 shares. Now I'll put up
' H ,O00 with you to add to your $200,000. Then
ll1"send wor to Brown that you are buying
"-3: 0., to the limit of your pile.‘ «I’ll also get
ipto another. member of the four brokers that
syndicate has been formed to ‘bear’ N. & 0.
The four will be sure to get together and ﬁgure
o'ut;,_tliat the best thing they can do is to sell.
" ‘§N.. _ 0. Brown will probably approach
.011. on the subject, and you will tell him that you
“ready to take in as much as 30,000 shares
they’l_-l sell it on a. 10 per cent. deposit. That
any you ‘are prepared to put up $250,000
gaecurity in cash. That bait will catch Brown,
dhe and his friends will sell you the stock
expectation that when the slump sets in the
, our of them will divide your (money, between

3:11 .” .
Tﬁrﬁghat will be just the thing,” said Fred en-
f astically, and the scheme was at once set
Emotion. ,
0 ‘I the second day following Brown called at
's oﬁice and told him he had heard that
ewhs huyin N. & 0. stock. .
/  ’ s ri t,” replied the l1ttle_operator._ “I
‘a another broker have formed a little syndicate
W,=our.own,. and we are goingto buy 30,000 shares
‘ 'away.',«-

s. N. & O. is ruling at 80, that will represent
arl.y-.t~.wo and a half million dollars. You chaps
be ﬂush,” said Brown in a doubtful tone.

.0 ..we’re going to buy on a 10 per dent, de-
replied Fred. . _ 1
at‘ makes a, lot of difference; Well, I can
v30,000.shares rightynow. Several of us
1; ‘amountfof-‘the’ stock, and if you are;
‘ ‘A t 00 eposit we I make the

oremon I

Brown mentioned their names.»

“Fetch them’ up here, and

Twenty minutes later the f
at his office. '
the 30,000 shares, and with $250,000 in‘ their
pockets they departed in high glee. The‘v'e
next day N. & O. began to go up. At ﬁrst ‘Brown; .
and his associates thought nothing of thisZ’_i_A_ ,
day or two later, when the rumor began to’ g
around that the stock had been cornered by some
syndicate, they began to feel somewhat uneasy.

They began making inquiries, but could learn
nothing deﬁnite.‘ As a good deal of the stock‘,-
continued to change hands apparentl ‘at’ the.<.Ex '
change, they thought it could not ' cornered
The price continued to advance, howeve ’ ’
when it. reached 90 the wash sales ceased.
the scarceness of the stock became apparent.-
syndicate broker went on the ﬂoor and in‘ an

had a ﬁt. They ruslted around to try and borrow
enough of the stock to -‘cover their sale to 
but found that nobody had any. Then athby
tried to buy the stock on the market, but there
wasn't any to be had. That day the price closed.
at 105. Next morning it opened at 106. By
noon it was oing at 110. ~ .~ , '
Then Fre got the tip from Prescott to sell
the 30,000 shares through the market after ‘ﬁr -
oifering to let Brown and his friend 
110. Fred called on__ Brown and asked for
stock, saying he was now ready to pa
which statement was, of course, a blufz 
knew_ that Brown and his associates couldn’t,dee
liver it. Brown threw’ up his hands and admitted.
that he couldn't deliver the shares. ’ V .
“I’l1 let you out at the market, whichis 110"?“

Inside of ' n hour Brown and his friends rak
the money together and settled with Fred at 11
the market price then being 112. Fred made _.
proﬁlt of $600,000 and Prescott. cleared half as ‘
muc . » 4

On his twenty-first ‘birthday he and Ruby 
married quietly in her mother’s plain, li,ttle)ﬂ§t‘
and they started at once on a. short hone ' 
to Florida. Of Fred’s later career we ~“‘h _
nothing to say, since «he is now a big oper tor
and broker, so we will let our curtain fall ,}udril‘¢
he still remains a little operator. ‘ - “» 

Next.week’s issue will contain “AIR-LINE E
OR, BUILDING A TELEGRAPH‘ LINE.’?r ‘

Be A Deteotivct

Make Secret Investigations ' 
Earn Big Money. Work honfie or trayel.
Fascinating work. Excellent ogportuf

. ,nity.‘ glxperésnee unnecessary. artiﬁ-
_ .  n V ‘A V v.

     l1\2i:3NAi«cH N... 4

A  The [Boy Firemen of Fairdale
‘ ‘ Va

By Gaston Garne

i

(A Serial Story.)

.,  s; CHAPTER XIX.--(Conti‘nued.')
 Thewarden and ‘his family sleep below. There

-are-.,six guards, but three of them are off duty at

ight. The _fire ﬁrst broke out in the basement.
That it was incendiary, I know. One of the turn-

is was a traitor and admitted a couple of des-
peradoes by the lower door. These had keys and
opened every cell door in the confusion. The pris-
oners ‘ ed out and ;many of them made their
escape. Clifford and his pals were the first to

pe. . "From what I heard them say, the game '

wasplanned to effect their _release. I was not
 ted, but left here to die.”
ill Norton listened to this thrilling recital
V intense -interest. By this time he had forced
-the lock ‘and the cell door swung open.

I  Wade stepped out of the cell. He was for
the moment a free man, yet it had now become a
problem as to how they would be able to get out

kthe building. Fire had ﬁlled the passage by

which. Will had entered the jail. ,

‘For 9.: moment the young ﬁreman was in a

ade_’s arm and led him along the gallery -to u
‘ ' dow in the front of the building. This,
y enough, was not barred. A single blow
’s- axe dashed the window out. -

"Then the young ﬁreman hung over the sill. He “

as seen by‘ the crowd and the ﬁremen below. A
meat, shout went up. ’

.A‘1_adder was hurried forward. It was raised to '

‘ 'window-ledg‘e. Will and Mr. Wade slid quick-
y . n to the ground. -

In T e crowd the Californian was quickly lost,
far as identity was concerned. Will Norton

W ' _ im beyond’ the ﬁre-lines and then asked:
‘What will- you do, Mr.‘ Wade? .It will be

‘for you to escape now if you choose.”

, t H _ _ _, ”_.replied‘ Will. A “I be-
'ye';.*tliat your vindication is near at hand.” _
‘f!;'Ihi9p3 so! I'd like to square accounts with
. 3 e.
V on certainly will liavetlie opportunity. Just
Dugdale is playing some desperate cards that
get him into trouble.
‘ pi‘-ison.”. V y _ ,
reat guns’!  made up my mind that was

irav of it.’

.you can be pretty sure ‘of it,” declared I
You know .

his whole scheme is‘ his work._
,_ wealth and. can oifer a large’ bribe.
forsa  thatii ried to‘ e oliee:

, hotel.

It was important to.
hat Clifford should be allowed’ to escape’

iiélst atﬁthlils énomentivghde wardenlcame uplexe -
ci y. e a seen e and exc aimed: '  .
W31 eam gcoirz totble ((:)0IilpeIl)le%° to holclil yoh1;,S M13“
. re enynnerwo re-
mained to face the music.” V .

“Well, you see I am an innocent man,” said the *‘
Ealilfgrnian, with a laugh. “I do not fear my
ria . » '

“I hope you will be proven innocent,” said the
warden. “But there are several of the attaches»
of this prison who will have to answer to seri- ,
ous charges if they can be rfound.” ,  .5,

“They are but tools,” declared Will. “There is I
8. strong hand back of them.” ‘ - » r " ‘

“You think that the game was to release Clif~”.?
ford and his pals?” » - _

“I do.” .‘ 7 ' '

The warden was silent a moment, then he said:

“Well, I am ‘of that opinion also.”  ,
of\}Yi'lsllc;lI(:1V;a:;S c'ia;l11edﬁ1aw}z:.ydto dirgct the téefforﬁl -.

. e e a now e n
to the efforts of the ﬁremen. gu 3,08 I {:

Much of the lower rooms had been burned out.

‘ x is 1'
B'lJIl‘Zi_:%leul:|lgi<trtﬁl(;0ri::tOfetl:ll§g:ll“?a:1'eeS};1§red: 
did Monarch No. 4 hitch ontotheir enéinilile and
return to the ﬁre-house." . -- ‘-

After they had housed the engine, which was"
longlafter midnight, t_ boys, tired by their 
1".‘;:‘:'.::.“:.¥::;“:-.  €i.‘‘%°§.‘f‘’ "5 h°"“ me

e . * .

The next day the town was astir. The 
diary ﬁre at the jail and the escape.of Clifford
and his pals had created tremendous excitement. '

Ethe people were thorolufhly aroused. Publieg.
se imen was s rong-. ere was pw
feeling that Dugdale, the wealthy dlanwof the
town, was responsible for the affair.‘ ~ + A -;

There was some strong talk. There was’ even
proposition to send a citizens’. committee to-_w"a‘i
upon Dugdale and ask an explanation. .

When the detectivesrreturned, with no trace»!
Cliifordﬁ the sentilment grew more powerful‘; but
y t not ing was one. _ ~ ;

-‘/e The days passed into a week. Dugdale was also V
seen in the town: but there was one thin that
disturbedhim. = I V . - - g  

Wesley Wade had been admitted to bailyand ~
was outﬁof grilsgn and’ wiiiththis family at 

e a i ornians rs move w I
a counter-suit against Dugdale to make llism prove
his title to _the Red Creek mine. 

As this title came from Clifford, it was Wade’
hope to show that it was of no value, coming__from
such a. source. At least he would make it__-tin’
cornlftortable for. Dugdale in proving his title
1'12,‘ s. p p . .
— “l\_Iever mind. Will Norton,” said the bluff 
$$§§‘1§‘i3:?.«?t§‘n3..§i.“‘339i?§o’xi§"i}.a:I§Z’%§‘¥§§’ L} 3?’
and downs. ‘ You will see that the hang ity-“Ml?”
Dugdale will have his turn.” * ' I

And the words proved propehtic- ‘

.It was true that August Dugdale was neari‘
an elpéch in his career which promised unpleasan
resu . I * i :, . - .

- cH_,Ai-Tan, xx.
1,“ ‘WW’ ‘ ‘

ertui» 

 interest‘ waned..land~- so "it happened that when

Aiigustf Dugdale -was called to the hearing de-
manded ‘by Wesley Wade,- he was able to again de-
f at the Californian. W

.. Ina few concise words Dugdale’ was able to

ble way. They were simply those of busi-
ggifford had sold him his rights in the Red
me.

Creek

If any" parties, for instance Wild Norton, or ,

,n ,the,once—assumed owner’, Wesley‘ Wade, de-
rfed.to“piirchzi.s’e, terms would be discussed. Clif-
hord hadiproxred his title,‘ and he, Dugdale, had
received it from Clifford. He was sorry for Mr.
Wade, and would oifer him_easy terms if he
islied to purchase the mine. - ‘ . _ - .
"Will Norton was dumbfounded at the, turn in
irs. » .
ugdale did not deny that he had made-an ef-
in Clifford's behalf to secure his release from
,, even through the bribing of Police Captain

*‘ I - » ,

wanted to-see .if the head of our police de-
. tment here was incorruptible,” he said, with a.
grin. , “I
' ns." . ‘ , .
That‘. evening‘, after the hearing, the Wades
pped into the little cottage home of Will and
‘h13.In0the1‘. Al longxevening of discourse followed.
suliject was mostly that of -the hearing and
Mit's.'”Wade was much depressed. , Nellie was,
however,‘ courageous, while the Californian him-

lf.Was in good spirits.’ \ . y ' _
“ ish we had never come to Fairdale,” said
ade. “We should never have met August

‘ ‘gdale, and therefore; would never have got ‘into

is trouble.” .-
“Cheer up, mother,” cried Wade, with a careless
’ h‘ f‘-We are playing in hard luck a little- bit
, now, but ‘we’ll,pull out all right, I have a
‘ ’.-years' of active life left in which to recoup
ur “fortunes.” _ ‘.
“'1 have a belief that you wilL yet defeat Dug-
al'e,"*said Will. ._‘,‘He is a man who depends upon
, llyfmethods, and he willmake a‘ slip by and
.., . x . V

y‘.‘Right,,my boy,” cried the ‘Californian. “Now

have a, proposal to make.” His voice agrew seri-

s*‘, and all. eyes wereturnedupon him. »
To-marrow,” said Wade, _“I'am going to leave
, rdale. on an extendedctrip. I mean to go to
Red Creek and shall search for evidence to sup-
“rt.my.title there. , '1 have three months to spare
forejny second trial for fraud and forgery’. I

‘v the permission of my b01‘1dSm3n to 80- 1117
ilejI lam gone, I must feel that mother and

, ade always spoke of his wife as mother. Mrs.
y : Nellieboth started up.
eager and ﬂushed. ‘

N 3’ said Wade, anticipating their-‘inquiry,A-“it '

 bgeiimpossible for me to take you along. I am

to say that] shall have to leave you here.”

3 t .3; wi1.1 ’bef'\‘s0.]d.0I1eSO1;!T19 at the hotel,”'cried’

  da ghtei:,”.lsaAid
.1”  h, d.

give him credit for standing by his»

Their "faces .

Will’s face ﬁi'ished“eager1y,*an hefg 
his mother. Mrs. Norton smiled ‘in’ her
wavand said: . ' i ‘  

“Lam sure it would be theqgjreatestvpl ,
my life, if they can put up with .our_hu,mble4 f
.Mrs. Norton started up and threw”'iher
around her friend’s neck. ’ ‘i ' _-‘ j

“You know that it will be si»mpIy..~de'1ig‘};\
remain with you while Wesley ‘is. out West

Nellie joined in her mother’s_~, declaration

welled from the wido'w’s “eyes. Since‘herli'_u ban’ H

death she had formed but fewfriendships,
Mrs. Wade had brought cheer and ‘companio
into her life. ’ _ i 
The arrangements were mutually,.satisf'
On the morrow Mr. Wade would takehi
ture for Red Creek. , ‘ y . , 1 ‘-
' Sothe morning train ‘took the Califo
from Fairdale. Shaking/hands with
train, Wade said: _ —  .
“When I return‘ I'll be in _a condition to ‘gi
Dugdale the fight» of his life. Iffil don't'»"bea
and drive him out of Fairdale it ,Wil'l..be,tli
enterprise I. have failed in." ‘ — ' . 
“I hope for your success,” cried ..Will_.A ~,
When the young ﬁreman. went_ba_.ck /to. ,

~gine-house ‘he felt a strange sense»; oflo

The big‘-hearted Californian was. a’ man
liking. . I " _' _ ; "

At the engine-house a number of. th .1)"
Monarch. No. 4 were gathered. When W
he gave a start. .. l . l  J 3‘

He saw that in their midst stood.
white-faced and ‘trembling. J ack_Cr'aven. as
mg an ang ﬁst under his nose. Jackhad
him examining the ,new rope of ’the',.e
aroused his suspicion that Hall”knew
cut the old rope, and-the foreman _ad' ei

“Now, you young scoundrel!" --_'
ant foremai_1,_ “we want tliettrutlivf
want an absolute »con»fes‘sion. -You-kno lr

. the pump valve and cut the ropes. of,  eh

the‘ night of the prison ﬁre?’

In an instant Will was in the. throng?’

“What is all this?” he asked. ; , "

“Hello. Will!” cried Craven; ‘€I’i"'n' glav
have come. We are likely to-,have‘..a ful  W
tion of that dark ‘job the night of .the"p'r

Hall here knows all about it.”. . i _ _
?‘I———I didn’t do it,’’, blubberedthe ‘young 0
“Well, you had ‘a hand in it. * _

it. Was it’ not you and young Dugdale,
“He_did it all._ ‘I-didn't,”j~’dec1a.red ‘thy .

stool-pigeon. . “You can’t send. me to prison’
“Look here,’,.]_,)ick Hall,” sai.d*,Crav.en'

sively, “it is a question which “oi you-

go scot free?” askedjﬂall, eagerly.‘ ;
“We’ll see fthat’ you don’? §0",to prise
Craven; “Now when Du dale‘ know]
turn the evidence first, a you’lI‘be h
up the spout.” _ ‘~ r .1 -'
» “No,_ he ;Won?tl_’.’ .cried~ I-Ia
it. y‘I want t ' '
13' iii; '

 jfFAME Amnisonvmm WEEKLY‘ l

 and slFolrtune Weekly
 av ‘ NEW YORK, MAY 27, 1927
TERMS To SUBSCRIBERS

Single Copies . . . . . . . . . . .. ..... ..Postage Free ,
0ne‘Copy Three Months . . . . . . .. “H “ $1.
0,ne_.Copy Six Months . . . . . . . . . .. “ " 2.00

One Copy One Year . . . .  “ “ 4.00

I.  , Canada, $4.50; Foreign, $5.00

. HOW ‘1‘0‘~SENl) MOD§EY—At our risk send P. 0.
Money Order, Check. or Registered Letter; remittances
in any other way are at your risk. We accept Postage
Sﬂtglznps the same as cash. When sending silver-‘wrap

Loin in a separate piece of paper to avoid cutting
the,,..envelope.‘ Write your name and address plainly.
Address letters to '

 WESTBURY PUBLISHING CO.,_ Inc.

 ' 140_Cedar Street, New York City.
FRED KNIGHT. Pres. and Tress. -
‘B,  MARE, Vice-Prep. and Sec.

LNTERESTING ARTICLES  

K The’ University of Paris~is said to have 17,000

stuc_l_entsu_ the ‘Mohammedan University in Cairo,
';I;()'80;, the ‘University of Berlin, 9,600 ;_the 11111-

irérsi-ties of Moscow and of St. Petersburg, each
000; while Columbia. University, in New York
' 3:; has nearly 8,000.

‘American candies are exported in larger or.
mailer quantities pretty much all over the world,

. nlisour candy exports are steadily increasing. We
tsénd sorhe to Europe. You will now ﬁnd Ameri-
é‘a‘n:;can_dies-on sale in London, Paris and Berlin.
I‘.~{)t;s'o£ ‘American candies are sold in South Africa
and 3,153 sold alsoin considerable quantities In In-
dia} You can buy them, for instance, in Calcutta,
"dthe are sold in Australia. They are ‘sold in
 p aces around the world,‘ and then, coming
 this way again, they are sold in Mexico
lid. allthe Central American countries‘ and all
hfough' the West Indies and throughout South

 to the Mikado, with a view‘ of perpetuating

2 industry. The Mikado has’ come to the rescue

’d,has founded two scholarships of $500 to'i1i- '

, ,

ntwo lads fcooﬁer» themselves for initiation
‘ 5 the art and. mystery ct making cimeter

4,11’ ' _ d ﬂ in squirrel ispintxeresting but
/}%68.ﬁ¥lgf(lll[:e Ityisgwholly nocturnal, .a d,’ like
nocturnal animals‘, is extremely sury and

e£i1_lI- if disturbed in the daytime. It is as large‘

A t, with a face like a rabbit’s. Its coloring a

brilliant for a mammal, and in eneral

: anee it resembles some cu:-ious_mo/ns r in a '.
s l ’ l i ' is :a r’i;e,h;,aI3d .d;,-ep.

e l ‘painting.

 The,,l,£ur
its i lit ch

tnut,b’_e1oiw,f1t,s head
V. ‘ay in Ed

8 cents
00 . ,

‘"1-lave you been beggin

parachute membrance between its legs is covered
with fur, and its’ tail is long, thickly furred and
round. This squirrel does not “ﬂy,” in thetproppr
sense of the word, but in the forests its parachute

membrane answers its‘ purpose almost equallyas ..
well as wings. It runs with a wonderfulagilityu
up the trunk of the tree, and to the end of a ’_
branch, and then takes a ﬂying leap, with its‘;
limbs extended to the utmost, and the wide ﬂesh ‘

membrane stretched. This “aerial slide” carries

it forward and downward to a horizontal distance’
of perhaps forty o1-«ﬁfty yards, and it is noticed .
that, as in the case of birds when making usevot, .
their powers of descent with ﬁxed pinions, the};
squirrel throws itself upward, and ascends slight-

ly at ‘the close of the “ﬂight,” perching on the
bough it aims at with allvthe lightness of a pigeon

descending from a tower to some point uponthﬂ ,

roof below.

LAUGHS

Biggs-—Dobbs has remarkable Se]fVVfC0l'lt./‘I'\(,l.l..“

Boggs-—Ha_s he? , Biggs—.—Why, he can xtﬂk
through a telephone without losing his temper. pg

First Passenger-.—Does the train stop here long
enough for us to get dinner? Second Passen-"
ger—No; only long enough for us to pay for it.‘ 7

The Mother—How'is my Johnny getting on at

school? _’1‘he Teacher———-He is rather backward/in
his studies, but then he is very forwardm 

manners. ,

Mendicant-—Please, mum, I ain't eaten nuthin’
but drybread for a week. Stout Lady (whois
trying to reduce weight) -—-Gracious, I wish .Ivhni
your will power. 7 . v j ‘

“My mu,vver’s awful funny,”~said the th
year-old. .“Why, Jack?” “She said I,tou.ldnFl:
play out m_ner ram, an"nen took me upstal
an’ put me ‘in her baf tub.” , , ,

Little Willie—-Say, pa, did you -ever'.h’ave,; ,
other wife besides ma? Pa——No, Willie.‘ But
why do you ask?

.a
\

“Well, Miss Mulcahy, Oi see be th’ papers D’
ny’s been discharged from the pinitinchery,” ob-
served Mrs. 0’Hool1gan. “Yis,” sighed Mrs. Mus-
cahy.
job.”

»’ Teddy, aged’ -4, often called ‘on his’ ﬂea
neighbor, Mrs. Brown, who pettedgxim a ‘good
and usually gave him a couple of nice cookies, azijﬂ
if she happened to forget to pass them _.out,;’ji:o

» sometimes reminded her of it. His father learned

of this andchided him for.begg_ing, and told him
heinust not do so any more: A day or two, laj '
Taddy came home. with‘ cookle crumbs in evidén

_ cookies from ~Mrs..Br j _
a.gain?”‘ asked the fat er rather sternlyp '
_sajid'Taddy, “fl didn’t beg for her..ax'r

"d*.this;hj  _ Em Ilse t ~fu1

_ Little Wil1ie—The family rec-'
<1>§$7in the Bible says you married Anna  -,

“Danny niver could hould any, koind 

  

28
1

The Strange Story of HAlfred

Britt i

There lately arrived. at a country house in Ohio

‘ a man with a record so strange that it should be

preserved in history. .-

He was received under the name of Alfred
Britt, and his age was recorded at twenty-ﬁve.

He was partially paralyzed, the result of a
bullet wound in the back, and, although he was
an inmate of the house for a year or more, it
was not until a few days before his death that
he related any facts about himself.

Britt was born in Boston, and when three or
four days old was put into a basket with a supply
of ’ clothes and $100 in money and left on the
doorstep of a humble mechanic named Alexander
Gray.

It was one of a score of cases occurring every
year, but instead of the boy being bundled off to
the poorhouse or an asylum he was taken -in and
adopted. .
. Gray was doubtless decided in his action by the
money, which, to a man of his circumstances, and
in those days of a dollar-a—day and store pay at
that, seemed a fortune.

However, he had no children of his own, though
having been married six or seven years, and the
wife.g1adly _fell in with the idea of adopting the
little stranger as their own child.

The ﬁne texture of the clothes and the roll of
money were proofs that the baby's father be-
longed to the wealthy class. The basket and
clothes were laid away, the child was tenderly
cared for. and the money was used to better the
condition of the family. Only two or three or the
neighbors knew of the child being left and noneof
them knew all the circumstances. One day,
when the baby had grown to be a child three
years old, and could run about, he was playing
in the back yard when a man sought to steal him
away. The stranger entered by the alley gate and
icked little Alfred up, but a savage dog owned

yd Gray attacked the man and made him drop
his prey. Mrs. Gray saw it all from a window,
and the man's action convinced her abduction was
his object.

A week later, while the boy was in the yard
again one afternoon, a large stone was hurled at

Jiim and barely missed his head. Some boys saw
the miscreant as he crept up the alleyvto throw

the stone, and the police were furnished with a
description, but the search for him availed noth-
ing. The detective employed in the case was told
all about the child and he came to. the conclusion
that someone had an object in putting the boy out
of the way. Little Alfred was remarkably hand-
some, and perhaps it was feared his features
would betray his relationship to someone. Gray
was cautious to keep him close, and he did so for
several weeks. One November night after lamp-
light the boy pulled aside the curtain from a
window looking out upon the yard of a factory.
He had not stood there over two minutes when-
a shot was ﬁred at him. The bullet cut a lock
of his hair from his head and was buried in the
opposite wall of the room. The new outrage was
reported, and the detective found that someone

I .

   

 

T»

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

had stood at the corner of a lumber pile about,

twenty feet from the window to ﬁre the shot.
The ground gave evidence that he had been.,on
the watch from that point for several nights.

There was a patient search, but no reward. It -

was clear now that the boy’s life _was sought
a_fter,_and. as Gray had had an offer ‘of a good
situation _in Cleveland he determined to remove
to that _city. Wlth. the help of the detective he
made his preparations very secretly, his goods
leaving the house after midnight, and the boy
being taken on the train dressed as a girl. He

reached his new home without adventure, and

enjoyed a rest for nearly a year before the enemy
made another move. One day a man came into
the shop where Gray was at work and made in-

quiries of him and ascertained that he was Alex-v
ander Gray. Two days after that, as Alfred was. _ '.

playing outside the gate at home with two other
children, the same man who had visited the. shop
drove up with a horse ‘and buggy and alighted.

He certainly meant to seize and carry off’ the

boy, but liisobject wasdefeated by M.rs;"Gray=,‘ ' ‘
who, with an acquaintance, suddenly turned the-
corner on their way home from a shopping expedi-. A

tion.

They ran full upon the stranger .as he was ex- ‘ V‘
hibiting a paper of candies to the children, and vi

he stammered an apology and got into his buggy‘
and drove off. After this episode Gray reasoned

- that the Boston parties had in some manner traced

his whereabouts, and that he was almost helpless
to checkmate their machinations. He subsequently

learned that a stranger had made inquiries for ’_ V
him in several other cities, thus showing that some _

trusted agent had been sent out to hunt the whole
country over until the whole family was found.
Gray had a brother in Indianapolis, and after

some necessary correspondence the boy was ship--.
ped there to the care of a trusted friend. It Was ’ ‘
a move which bafﬂed the enemy for three long- '

years. For the ﬁrst three months after Alfred

left every expedient was resorted to ‘that the 

whereabouts of the child might be discovered.

Pretended agents and peddlers called at the: V

house in hopes to get sight of the child, if he
were there, and to quiz the mother when they
found no traces of him- Gray had a box at the
post office, and strangers came there and asked
for his letters, but could not obtain them. So-
called detectives waylaid Gray and charged that
he was under suspicion of having killed the boy
in a ﬁt of passion, and that he must produce
Alfred or suffer arrest, but they could not scare
him into revealing the secret. .

Some of the neighbors got a promise of $500
reward to tell the boy’s whereabouts, but as none

of them had been taken into theconﬁdence of the, - »
Grays they could make no headway. Now and .:

then, for a whole year after, the boy left Cleve-
land, Gray had proof that the enemy was on the

alert, but they ﬁnally seemed to tire of the use— A .,
less chase, and for the-next two years nothing f _'

occurred to alarm him anew.
When Alfred was seven years old he was so

handsome in feature and bright of intellect that ’..

he was often pointed out on the street and on’ '
three or four occesions his wonderful resemblance,-
to a prominent citizen of Boston was remarked»

by New Englanders. _
Mrs. Gray ‘mourned so much forhim that G

    
 

tar 

 .

FAME my ‘FGRTUNE-i WEEKLY  r T

_ , d toarenaove to Cincinnati,’ where he hoped
‘av Alfred with him. "He made a secret move

,_got_.the boy -from. Indianapolis, and had .,

35:" cely get settled in‘ his new home when‘ the
eihy; appeared”. haying probably tracked his
,y Step in spite of his precautions. Alfred was

" ver, a crosswalk by a horse and buggy as he

‘ as orriing from school. Thechildrenlwith him
do red that the man must have done it on pur-

lit t.>  .
as generally set down as a piece of care:

_ Vnéss, but Gray fully and ﬁrmly believed that
' yasua new move on the part of the enemy. T

hexhorse, and vehicle were so well described A

t .;h‘e'found_ the owner, but all he could learn
W hat ‘a stranger had hired the outﬁt for a
‘ of hours, and returned it in good order.
_y. had an arm broken and was severely
, ,>'but was out again in a few weeks. That’
the last attempt on his life until he was
elve years old. i » v u ’ s
-S n after that episode Mr. Gray died, and the
_ " and the .’.l)0Y went to Louisville. to reside
‘i one other brothers. Here Alfred remained
‘it " he was eighteen, without another attempt on
his fe. Mrs. Gray died, and one of the local
’yv papers, in making notice of the fact, made
sational notice about the foundling, and nar-
" ed roe of the attempts upon his life. A
,l‘%ad.,.‘not passed before he .was shot. at
_  gh 5, chamber window‘, _ . T
 would-beamurderer could see the young
”s shadow on the curtain, but his bullet faile
 ch the target aimedat. 1 . V 4. .
‘happened that a policeman.was*at‘ hand,’
rested theman who ﬁred the shot, but he

liege fthat it was an accident and was not held. ‘

an entire stranger to Louisville, but ex-’

his, presence by asserting that he was H
nty; rights for a ‘patent churn, and'by,

bit‘ ggagr_nodel.] Alfred had been told of all

. passed; before, Vand,_soonr after this at—'

nd unbeknown to, any of,.his friends, he
1eft_Louisville and went to ,'Missouri and

where he remained \until about a year

-A was then.twenty—ﬁv_e years of age, and
had, notbeen. pursued for seven years he
§ei:’¢e“gl it safe to; return. He had not maintained
ondence, with his..fr,iends,—-and he returned

M uS/1,Qhio.- and
‘ile ‘h
‘ _u“n'known and unseen Person-

 as iusfcﬂ .
ﬁunconsczous for a quarter of an hour. —

he ‘was’ shot by a passengeiﬁ someone . *

fie, -. bv someonestandm eside the

rid that he drove rapidly away after’ the

' isville to ﬁnd thein gone. andltheirwheref

on the platform of a passenger .'_car5
rain-,was«j»ust=leavi,ngsa” station between‘ .»
'0" and Xenia, when he was shot in the;1‘r9}Ck_ ‘

_at=dusk, and he fell in a" heap, and ‘

* bags or suit cases.

,-

could never get well, he expressed "his

thankful
ness that such was the case. _ ' .

Whenhis last days were at hand he told A _ »

story, and added that death would be a relief.

, He had been haunted and hunted until he fe V’
that the grave alone would bring him immunity

-:-,--O0-iO}—-00--_-—

TOUGHER PAPERAMONEYA

Uncle Sam’s paper currency will be twice-
tough in thenear future. The Bureau of Stand
ards in Washington, D. C.,. has devised papa
twice as resistant to wear and tear in folding. "

Treasury officials-have been concerned over i:

increasing need of replacing worn paper mane‘ 3’

‘DREAM SAVES ,BQY’S LIFE ‘ ,‘.
, Dreaming that some one had stolen hi‘s to
wagon from the front yard of
Michigan, Morris Couzens, ei
ran down stairs to investigate. 
ably saved’ his life, for as he reached the 0‘ "
ﬂoor he discovered the house in ﬂames and c
to -neighbors for help. ‘ g V

Before aid arrived, however, his mother,‘

Couzens, and three brothers, Meryle, ﬁf-tee‘’ ’

months; James, eight, years, and John, two, “t
ped in the rear of the house, were burne
death. ‘ »
The ﬁre is believed to have been caused by ‘
overheated stove. . T l . ‘: ~

..SQMETHING*ABOUT '.PORPOISES_ ,

The only porpoise oil factory on the,;A'tlant1
coast is established about six miles below , " "
Hatteras and near Hatteras Inlet.
coast porpoises are ‘plentiful through abo
‘months of‘tl1e year,jand there‘are threec ,
ﬁshermen who ‘make. a business of catching
for the oil factory. For the reason that 1):)

. are easily frightened the ﬁsherman must b

and quiet who would meet with success
method employed is to impound a schoo
wide—meshed net ﬁtst and then to take then; H
a sweep net of much ﬁner mesh.‘ The porp
are 5 to 510 feet in length, big and powerful._
are skinned for their hides,-and thegblubber
moved. The hides are salted downland sent__

their green state to avtannery.in,Nc,w,Jersey;_
’ tanned and made ‘into ‘leatl1er..“v ‘P0rp0]S‘e,1?l;l

used for shoe. strings, pocketbooks and"t'r vé
’1‘he'oil from ltghchlu g‘
 /out atnthé factory on the beach *‘

sent‘ to --New Bedford, Mass.',_ for refini .=‘

‘Alon  ‘V’. J

   
 
 
          

v ,‘.:§nV_ ,. ,

I

  it ITEMS

  
   

From Mount Genevieve, a peak in Gilpin county,
£210., a person can see into ﬁve states. -On a clear
day the observer -can discern the Uintah moun-
tains of eastern Utah, the Medicine Bow range_of
Wyoming, the tips of the Rockies in New Mexico
and the principal peaks of Colorado. The plains
stretching to the=east are plainly visible clear into
‘ Nebraska. - A -
— According tp those who sell them, bicycles are
= coming in again. The sales of this season, thus
r, have been. -far greater than those of last year
at"this time, and those in turn were greater than
1926. The ﬁgures do not do . anywhere near the
.,enormous totals of the late ’ Os, when the bicycle
- wasking, andif you didn’t ride you were nobody,
" Now, however, the reaction is being felt. For a
few seasons after the bicycle boom ﬂattened out
. are a punctured the there wasn’t any more inter-
est in the; bicycle than there is in a cent in,a
usted savings bank. The stalwart few stuck to

game. In the cities the new boom isn't felt so
muchoas in the’ towns,

  
 
 
     
     
    

 

  
   

  

  
  
  
  

 

  
    
      
     

the man who can discover a substitute for leather.
The .price of the real article is steadily rising,
ealers say, and the reason is that in spite of the
dnty«remove'd the growth of the world's ‘popula-
‘tionfis faster than the increase in the number of
cattle raised. “There is a growing disproportion
between the number of hides-marketed and the de-
mand for-leather,” said an expert. “The uestion
E12 where the. future supply will come rom in
ghmitities‘ suﬂicient to meet the country’s future
l1eOdS.,- If some genius will only find a substitute
for leather he’ll be a wealthy man in a day.”
Oneof the most interesting laces in the Rocky
ountain region, especially mm a natura1ist’s
mt of View is the big game preserve on the Stir-
, _ ch in the northern part of Fremont Coun-
ti_,n_ear:.Black Mountain, thirty-four miles'north-
t of Canyon City. This preserve, 2,000 acres
, extent, and _surrounded by a woven wire fence
seven ,feet‘in height, is the property of 3. man who
gﬁnds the rearing of elk and deer a pleasant di-
version from the ordinary monotony of ranch»
3- ' ’ . .

 
 
   

  
 
 
  
  

   
  
      
  
 

   
  
   
 
    
   
  
     
     
  
   
   
  
  
  

 

Sale by candle, a method of auction that was
uz"m‘o=vvery’common throu h England and Scotland,
’ll‘Isurv_ives in the nort of England. A “judge”
nib-his— secretary take their seats atthe ap-

     

  
   

  
 
 
   
 
 
 
 

pftavided  a box of tiny candles, each of which

ill’:-1laurii' one minute. At a given signal a candle
is .'l:'ight'ed,.-_ and the bidding for the object offered

ns. * _At each offer from a would-be purchaser
eburning candle is extinguished and a new one
, ‘§ed,*’and'the articl’e’is"disposecl of only when
candle’ burns itself out ere afresh bid has been

    

 

  

    

. L ,

’;li;3§_001.lInc d’ bytlie c,,rieij.j_

do  AND" FoRTUNEl.WEEKLY,° i
OF’

 

There is a fortune of many millions in store for ‘

V ing the previous year. These irresponsiblediti

goixited place, attended by a crier and a servant’

INTEREST 1‘,

Council show a  ht d I  ‘ ’*'*  ~ .,
of 126. The totalgdeatilgrlis i%%v%n?§§§.§°'{gw"”
for the first month of the year are estizijiated
1,430, averaging about 46 a day, as against 49‘
day_ in 1296 and 65 a day for January, 1925 .
While the decrease over the corresponding m¢iith‘,.

one year ago is not large, the _ﬁgures arelnevei“;
theless encouraging as indicating a rowing na
tional consciousness in a more careful‘;obsa-vgﬁbe
of traffic and highway safety regulations. » ' '

It is also interesting to note that =tli_eihi§hw5,

  
 
     
  
   
     
 
   
    
 
   
  

  

had 332 deaths, a decrease of 22 over the,.fQ.
year. Massachusetts also showed a decre
38$ in the»number* of persons injured,’  _.
being 25,351. Connecticut, ,however,'inJ this
_spect had an increase, persons injured aggrega
ing’9,802, as against 7,992‘ in 1925; ' ' ‘ " J 
“Connecticut « is fortunate in having r:a , g‘
law,'’ states Ethel Usherystatistician‘ of th ‘IMot‘ .
Vehicle Bureau, “but it differs from other Stateae, '3
in that more‘ accidents are required tobe report ‘ “
cinsequently making the basis more voluminous, s
t at comparisons may posibly be more ‘aeourat
“It is fair to. bear in_mii_id that; dueyt‘ c
present lack _of 11Il1fOI‘IIl1lJy’1n* requirement ,
reporting accidents, and because Connecticut's '1".
quirements are more severein that .eve:ty,accideIi15*
resulting in personal injury or fat2t1ity’or‘pro’
erty damagef where the estimated damag
valued at more than $10 must be reported.‘
nect_icut'wi~l1 have a higher accident rate'in"con?ie~

    
   
     
   
   
  

        
    
  
  
     
       
        
  

parison.” , «

The total number of motor vehicle accidents. ,
ported for Connecticut in 1926‘ was 24,32’ '
aga'inst«22,508 in 1925, and property daniagé rep
resented $2,3991,346, a slight increase ove the
1925 estimate of‘$2,130,8,77. The four chief an‘;
of accidents were _inattention, failure to gray
right of way,’ skidding andidriving on the rainy
side of the road. 5

Intoxicated drivers proved more of a'mena
both in. Connecticut and Massachusetts than duri-

caused 393 accidents in Connecticut, ‘an increa
of 35» over 1925. In Massachusetts, :Regi "
Frank A. Goodwin reports that 4,803 licensesw ,
revoked due to intoxication, a largegfperce ’ gig
of the total number of 18,705 licenses suspeii 3
,or revoked during the year. i _ _ 7' ‘
“The ﬁgures for the year,” says Registe 
win, “give hope that the tide of motor 'vehie

  

 

 
  
     
 

 
   

3-cidents‘ may not only have beenchecked but Iii

«have taken. a ‘positive downward~cour;s'e_.
there was an incre‘a,§e,oif persons licensed 11

  
  
   

. ate from 698,378 'to,'776“576, am’/ountivn '
Ilikin 

_ cent., and an incr'ease—
lricle, 3 ii the dreads-“oi; V.
,  . . _,° _ ..

mi‘.

   e       
TOPICS

TIMELY.

‘mung unusual professions. for women in

‘gland is that of official carpet sewer to the-

 se of Commons. The incumbent has, held her
'1: ent position for thirty years.

izona‘ has a. population of 250,000, of which
three—fourths are American born; The in-
ulgger about 25,000, the Navagos leading
5,0 V ; ,,

F of a ﬁlamentous stone fromthe Siberian
hich is said to be of so durable a nature
; s practically indestructible. The material
‘ft to the touch and pliable in the extreme,
en soiled has only to be placed in a ﬁre
made absolutely clean.

1-,d'h;erring catch for this seasons is 110,-
11 ed at Scarborough by the Golden Hope,
',h_‘er'ring ﬂeet. The ﬁsliermen received forty
thousand forgthe herrings, and tookein

50 for the night’s ﬁshing.-

e I-lhivlippine‘ Islands, one frequentlyseesvla
_o ‘eocoaniits being ﬂoated down the river to
_ The buoyant nuts are closely packed into

iracedacrosswith bamboos and tied with .

d. the queer craft, with its native paddler,
eady for the trip downstream toga point

I ‘ he raft wi1l,_b'e "broken: up and the cocoa-y’

re howl only 45,l000,l1acei"rnakiers in Bel- I
‘ as"c'o,mpared with 150,000’ in*]8‘75-. The’

'mﬁIn wages paid to the most skillfulllace
s never exceed 30 cents a day, and out of
' ‘orlcers only about twenty are paid the

. >A‘;-G'eor‘gé from‘ Portland, New York,‘

_ Q by "a window sewing when an electric
rorn a trolley car was reﬂected from her»
dig into her eyes so. sharply she was blinded; _
” ‘chins fear the sight of one eye is lost en-
ut she will probably be able to see with

rance and other parts of the Continent of
“the, sportsmen have a cui‘ioiis~.custo'in
lajsurvival oftho classic days;of Greece
me___name1y, the presenting"-" of I laurel’
"to victorious athletes in great sporting

If a_,_ man wins somelong distance rune .

, ycling‘ race he is loaded up with these
1ei't0};en,~, of. appreciation, andyforithei time
ilce a bereaved relation hastening -to a fu-.

_a running’ or cycling suit.

ange laws in the Coog islands
‘ 0 The population 1S Maori.
;f* i'ts‘e'if._- :The. island

‘  ' Vh 'nforc

Russians are manufacturing a fabric from ¥

large, and any person going after 9 a. in. may be

arrested and taken to the courthouse to explain-

his reason for being abroad. No debt incurred by

,a native inhabitant is to be recoverable in any
court. Selling or giving intoxicating liquor toany,

native is punishable with a $50 ﬁne.

In 1870 a Scotchman named Johnston patented‘
a ‘treasure safe for ships designed to render’ loss,

of specie and other treasures by wreck impossible
His proposal wasthat an unsinkable safe should
be suspended at the ship’s davits, ready to be low '
cred into the water at a moment’s notice, and

invented a contrivance by means of which the safe
would detach itself on emergency and ﬂoat about

until picked up by another vessel. Ship's captains,
however, declined to entertain the thought of h
ing a safe full of money hanging at the davi
ready to the hand of any who cared to trust to"
dark night and the navigable qualities of the ‘ch
to make off with it. . , L‘ ,
The Japanese manner of settling quarrels is-
quite original. When one ‘man has offended» '

other the?’ injured ‘party gives‘ notice that he is;

angry. by drawing in the sand before ire ‘dodr o
the offender a circle with a straight line acres
it, indicating; that his aﬁection, which would hay
been eternal, has been cut in two. Frien’ds"o£
both parties then shut them up. They parley ‘a’.

fwhile, then" pretend to beborn again, prattle a

little children and ﬁnally as men become recon

ciled and‘ embrace. Should one be ‘refractory-an .
refuse to be conciliated he is ostracized by;th"

community so effectually that he is soon brough
to terms. -

The bridegroom in Mexico ﬁnds marriage

' very costly business. He is expected to’buy

trousseau, and he is fortunate if he can sati
the- extravagance sanctioned by «custom ‘a )
prompted by ardent passion. Young men‘ from ' ‘
country» are said to he often seen in the ‘City
Mexico purchasing all sorts of rﬁneryfor the la,
of‘theiii'choice. and the spectacle theypreseiit
they consult the measurements, which the,y~c1a
with thenifor all sorts of garments; is:

. amusing. 4 i ‘

Seven or eight years  ai iplantwasl esta

lished near, Lyons, »Erance,1forVthe ‘manufacture:

of pavingbglass. Numerous descriptions o£ ,
new.paving~#_matcrial~were published and. a,h;;,i1
liant future was predicted for it. The cit a

, thorities cf Lyons .pe'rmitte.d~ the manufact

to’ lay a specimen section of "glass paveme

. the Iflace de la Republique, a center for.

traffic; 0’ The glass bricks failed to stand the
of, wear, 'l‘he-‘edges of‘ them were soon‘ ‘
andsplintereil and inanylof the blocksfrsplit
m'o3’1e‘the,widely lieraide . ~'
ti.tute.,;stoiie ” ojod. '
‘t I’

so thatv within two years is .'.becaifne.€nec“ 's.’a:;y

      Fortune. 

 A Doy with Grit; or, The Young [Salesman

Who Made His Mark.

1084- Ted, the Broker’s Son; or, Starting Out for
»  Himself. ~ 

 Dick Darre1’s Nerve; ,or,v From Engine-

‘ House to Manager's Ofﬁce.

~l10’8.‘6 "Under_a‘Lucky Star; or, The Boy Who Made

a M11llOn in Wall Street.

ack’s Fortune; or, The Strangest Legacy in
e " " the World- ,

 Taking Chances; or, Playing for Bigstakes.

 Lostiiiin the Tropics; or, The Treasure of
' ‘ Turtle Key.

 . Tenvsilent Brokers; or, The Boy Who broke

, Vthe'w3Wal1 Street Syndicate. . S
 Only a Factogy Boy; or, Winning a Name

_ For Hims , I V ,
192 «Fox 8: Day, Brokers; or .The;Young Money
I ' Makers of Wall Street. .  V
093‘ The’ Little Wizard; or, The,Suci!ess of a

~ Ydengalnventor. ‘ .

 A1Youn;r Mechanic; or, Rising to Fame and

_ ‘ V Fortune. _ ,

51093 Banker Barry’s Boy; or, Gathering the Dol-
V‘ ; _lars in Wall/, Street. 7 T

_,096yIn the Land of Gold; or, The Young Cast-

aways of the Mystic Isle. 1

A OS)? Eastman &~Co..—Stocks and Bonds; or, The

‘ Twin Boy» Brokers of Wall Street. 

0933 After the Golden Eagles; or, A Lucky
, - MYo1(_ng Wall Street Brolcer.

099 Ad Lucky Lad; or, The Boy Who Made a_

.4 ‘Railroad Pay. § M
roe Good ‘to 1ﬁs;t;;or; Six Months in the
‘ «Wall Street," oneyv Market.
191‘DiI<_‘:‘k,l the Boy Lawyer; tor; Winning a Big
,» . ee. .1 \ ~ » ' —

02 Broker Dexter’.s New Boy‘; or,AA Young In- '

. V 4-«nocent in Wall’ Street. “
My 10_3;FromV Mill to» Millions; or, The Poor Boy
A  ,Who,Becam_e a Steel Magniﬁe-
104‘ Three Gran_d_ Speculators; or, The Wall
‘ " Street Boys’ Syndicateg . .
A Stroke of Luck; or, The Boy Who Made
Money in.Oil_, » 1
,6 Little Hal‘, th‘e‘Boy.‘1‘rader; or, Picking Lip
C Money in/Wall Street. , '

-‘one or postage sta-mps. ‘

 Latest Issues —- ‘

1167

' 1111 Jack

1116

. l .

~45
On the Gold Coast; 01', The Treasure 
I Stranded Ship.   
A1108 Lured by the Market; or, A Boy’s

‘ in Wall Street. ' ~i
1109 Trading Tom;
‘ Everything. ;

114° Fa.;°:.fai.‘1’vs..‘:.:t;3"e= The Yeungeémm

or, The Boy Who hog;

vFor~Ic:§i1;:r’s Venture; er, ,1 Canal 
1112 After B‘ Mne; , T ‘ Wt}, 12
. on thelv%Vall‘?St§',eetn13rbl?er1?;1.«ng , rye 
1113 ,Av1v'gf£§l yKgxl§; or. "IA‘he\- peg
1114 Ralph Roy’slRich‘es; or; A Snia'rt!’B‘oy?

of Wall Street. V W

1115 A Castaway’s Fortune;"or,y-Tlze :11. 1;;

Pirates Gold. 

The Little Money"Make,r;~ tor.’ T .
Street Boy Who ‘Saved {the Market;

'1117”Roug11 and Ready Dick; er, m;1v.u..g

_ press Agent’s -Luck. .
1118, Tipped 0ﬁ'— by Telegraph; lo:-,1
‘ V the Wall Street “Bea'rs."_‘ _ , _
1119 The Boy Builder; or, The Riseof 
’Masox'1. ~. ‘  

11120) Marty, the Messenger; er,i'ca,}m; g A

in Wall, Street. _ ‘
1121 The Stolen Bank Note; or,; me 0 as ’i
Boy Merchant. , . j y 9 / _
1122 Digging Up Dollars; or, The N
» Young “Bull” ‘Operator. .  ~

1123 -A Runaway Boy; or ~.?’1‘he;Buried;; r

ot the Incas.

 Th.s..<2.1«a.B:.s1;:.r';.H.::?=.  “+6391
11251‘ Frmt F t -‘Th;B
’ !l§gdeW.(oney)Inoi:1?tel.' or, ’ g‘ T
11261 Rugged Rob of Wall Street; or .$50;”0.'
,'a Dime. ‘ ' »  V V‘:
1127, .The'Boy Railroad Magnateg, or, Th
. ‘ tract That Brought‘ a Million;  “

tl' g
1129 Caught By Cannibals; 1>r,TheIT;'eia
» the Land of Fire, v ,

~ gwfsale‘ bygalli newsdealerg, or 'wi1l“be sent to any_ address on receipt ; of pi-ic'e,gcer5ti 

l

