Na 1159 NEW YORK, DECEMBER 15, 1927 price 8 Cents

.3 \WEE8GLY

TIJRIES [Ir
BOYS wrm MAKE MONEY.

 EU     
n F RTUNE

   

R
‘ ~ ‘ \ .\\\.}\$x
nd Jacobs. his mate. proceeded to investigate I-J8
hole that the boy had excavated under the ruins. “What do you make
of it?" asked Jacobs. "Nothing as yet." replied the skipper.

      
    
 

  

‘mllsued Weekl_v—-Subscription} price. 

‘ No. 1159

D
Westbury Publishing 90.. Inc.; 140 Cedar street, N ew York. N
Dec. 8. 1911, at the Post-Uﬂice at New york. A

NEW YORK, DECEMBER 16, 1927

     

   

Foreign, $5.00. C right, 1927. by H
. Entered in second ‘lass Matter > . ..
1.. under tlia Act of March 3.187

‘'5’ ..
Price 8 Cents. 

     
  

CHAPTER I.—A Dark -Job.

“Help! Help! Help!” ' ,
The cry in a girl’s ,voice came ringing out on
__t _ :‘night air. Crack! The sharp report of a
me _olv,er mingled with the screams. Crack—-
crackl Two more reports in rapid succession,
 another wild shriek and4then——-sudden silence.
,; -se “My gracious! Somebody has been shot, I'm
’ afraid,” cried a stalwart, good-looking boy who
had sprung from his seat on a fallen tree at the
‘ ﬁrst,ala1'm, and now stood looking ‘off in the di-
- rection the sounds had come from.’ .. "
,'.l‘he.si1ence which had succeeded the cries and
the shooting was presently broken by a noise in
the dense, semi-tropical foliage betokenirig the
approach of several persons talking. in rough
. tones. ' ‘
“The men mixed up in that racket seem to be
:co_min'g this way,” breathed the boy. _,“It won't
doifor, them to meet me here alone or there may
lbeﬂsomething doingthat I wouldn’t like. I’ll hide
till they get by.” »

    

  

   
   
  

 

  

nearest tree and for a minute the bit of clearing
 the straggling wood was deserted. Then out
bf ‘the’ shrubbery came a dark-featured, sun-
burned man with a slightly rolling gait, bearing
in his arms the limp form of -a young and beauti-
zfui girl, whose age might have beenyseventeen
Eears. ‘Her head ‘rested on his shoulder, while

  
 

er white face and closed eyes showed that she
‘as: unconscious. Two men followed behind the
individual who carried the girl,_ and their gen-
eral aspect smacked of the sea.‘ One of them
Sqoked like fa foremast hand, while the other ap-
peared as i he mig t be an officer” of the grade
' ‘ He was ta king at a great rate with a

  

of mate.

   
 

wasTspeakingwwasEng1ish. . . g
" “, ’under und blitzenl” roared the‘ man. with
the girl, sto ping and wheeling around.’ “Stop

patter 0 your. tongue, Jacobs.
ere nbise dan a t’ousand windmills all going
edder, und notting’ worth listening to comes
dof ‘dot vooden haed of yours.”

  

   
 

  

’d haf to listen. Mine clapper vos ‘mine own,

  

  

is in’.is— toﬁll mineskin mit schnapps.’ , »

 

   CAPITAL, one mm:       

By A SELF-MADE MAN

 

He darted _into the bushes at the base of the

Btrong foreign accent, though the ,language he’
You make,
i‘Ve1l, if you don’t like to hear“me_ dalk you I -Dot’s de vay it vos mit disgal. She said she 
..I dalk to kep mineselfigompany,” replied

 sﬁstolidly. “De only t’ing I like better dan I L V
b" ‘ ‘ ' a husband. In any case‘ she,v£_iuldn.’t, marryvg

w \

“It’s a goot t’ing dot I kept you soberpor dis .
business might haf been spoilt. I gombliment
you on de ﬁne shot you made vich put de-_gal's .
escort Qlld of de vays. He showed some fight, "
und had’ a pistol vich he knew how to use. I.;.
vos lucky. dot his pullet missed me.” V .. V

‘“Vell, you can dank me dot you got off so.
easily, captain. I safe your head from dot pullet
py sho_o~tin’ quick. I seddle his goose, Ivped‘ you." \

“Swiggs,” said the leader of the enterprise j"
the sailor—looking chap, “go ahead und see
de vagon vos all ready by de time ve“come.” _ . ,

“Ay, ay, sir,” replied the man, who immediately,
started off and disappeared in the darkness. _ ,

The captain laid the girl against the log lately
vacated by the boy who was now hiding in the ‘
shrubbery within earshot of the two Dutchmen. _

“Now, Jacobs, ve vill haf a leetle talk by our-.
selves before ve proceed,” he said. “Dis night's "
vork vill put a bunch of}, gelt in our pockets.” ‘

“Yaw ;. dot vos understood pefore ve left de ves-_;
sel. -You und me nefer. does somedjngs for not» ~.
tings,” replied Jacobs. ‘ I . I “

“I ped you ve don't. Dot’s vy I vant to "say a ’
few_vords"mit you here. De chap vot ye are do’ -
dis Job for I haf known a goot vile, und I foun '
dot he is a slick gustomer.”

“You mean Casper Horton?” _

“Yas; who else?

  
  
      
  

  
        
     
   
      
  

   
    
   
 

   

 
     
    
      
    
         
      
  
 

V He has, peen makingloaf to ’
dis gal ever since she game. to Batavia mit» her,
fader; who is de American consul.” ’
, “Ve1l, I don’d plame him. She is a poorty gal.” '

“He t'ought pecause he vos de richest man on
de island dot she appreciate de honor he do her
py asking her to become his wife.” V ' 1

“ ’Most any vomanvould jump at dot chance, '
don'd'you dink?” . , H

“Dere are exceptions to efery rule. Dis 1 i
didn’t . 'umn .vort' a cend ven Caspar Horgn A.
make e offer of’ his hand. On de contrary she —
beggreuzlll to }be exciiigeg fiom vde honor.” . 

‘ e , W o vou in it.” ‘ 

“Des‘evhAm§ri'can yoénen has‘ a mindd ofdderﬁ ’
own. i’ ey vont 0 some ings vot ey on
vant to dcei? dey stick py dot every every dime,

      

  
 
  
      
   
      
 
  
   

   
 
      
    
     
   

too young to gotvmarried yet avhne. She voa
only just out! of school und vented’ to go roimtt
und enjoy dings pefore she tiedcherself down‘ 

      
        
    

,4

 " 7 CAPITA{1:= ONE.” DIME?‘ *  

inan unless she ‘ oved him, no madderif he:-o’wned
dc whole ‘of avia und Ade island of Java on

top .of“_dot."‘Dot vos vot she called her ultima— ~
dune‘, und it settled de question so9!'ar as she vos .

concerned.” . _
 “She vas purty independent I dink,” said the
. mate.

_, ‘‘I per! you. Dot’s de vey mit dese American .

w men. I vould as soon jump in the sea as to
- dock van of dem vor 2. vrow unless dere vos
anon:-;y in it. I vill. (_look.chanc'es for money any
ay. . -
. ‘.‘Yaw, I ped you. Meinheer Horton, vot he
‘ said to dot ul*.imadum?”
',“Vell, he didu’t like it. pecause he had made up
his minddot he vos going to marry do" gal, und

enfa chap makes up his mind to snmedings he _

v
’ don’t like débottom to fall cud. of it.-”
r“D‘bt.’s right,” nodded Jacobs.

" “‘Being.a man vot has had some experience mit
de vomen he fought at first dot she was just play-
ing mit him so dot he vouldn’t° dink she vos hold—
ing herself too cheap. He found oud purty soon
dot dis gal didn’t said" one ding und meant anud-
der; Den he made up his mind dot he vas going
to-haif her anyvays vhether she vos villirg or not.

SSO he. sent for me. I half done business mit
3 mi pefore und ve-understand each rrlder. He

nted dis gal kidnaped und " brought to his
house up the Jaccatra River. I had no objections
 doing dot provided he paid vot I.t’oug.rht it
vos vort’. As I believed he vould clicker I put

, tie ﬁgger at half as much again as I vcs villing

' to dock. To mine surpri_se"he closed mit me at
vunce und handed ‘me ﬁfdy English’ pounds to

‘rid’ de bargain. Dot makesme suspicious of his
, tentions when de time comes dot ve seddle oop."
p/‘You. dink maype d‘ot he vill -go pack on de
bargain after he got de gal in his hands?” asked
Jacobs. ' *
“It. ‘is quite ‘possible dot he vill vant to com-
promise mit. a discount. Hehknows dot he.is a
great fabor.mit de government. Ve are vanted
for one or two dings, undgit is necessaryffor
our own goot dot ve don’t make ourselves too
onspicious in dis neighborhood.” ’

, ‘'Yaw,’ dot’s a fact. Ve haf peen in jail al-
retty yet und I’ prefer dot ve don’d got dere
a’ 9.51:.” ~ _ ‘V '

_ ’ “Me'in_heer Horton kn

'_ vagon is vaiting .to took us to de schooner.‘ 

is no need jdot ve"l3se' more time.
oop de river.” ' . ,
Thus speaking Captain Voort picked up theri
sensible girl and walked on, followed’-by '
rascally mate, and their footsteps soon died-no '
in the distance. _ -xv

‘Ve ‘vill

I. CHAPTER II.-—Sid aims. 

The boy who had concealed himself on their a
proach stuck his head through the shrubberyan
watched them oil’. A ' _ ‘ If

“A nice pair of scoundrels they are,” he mut-’
tered; “and the man who hired them to kidnap
the girl is not much better, even if he ‘is a 
person on this island, as. they said he was, ‘So
the unfortunate young lady is the daughtefdf
the American consul in town? I reckon-there,
will be something doing as soon as he learns wh
has happened to his daughter. I guess Mr. Ca
par Horton isn’t such a great man that he can
defy the laws of the country with impunity, even
if it is only a- Dutch settlcment._' It’s 7a 1 ‘
thing I happened to be in this neizhbnrhpod ﬁgs;

The young lady's companion and leg’ ’”

A was shot and, no doubt, killed, so I am the on

witness. in a way, of the outrage. These rascals-
think they have pulled off their scheme so.-.Wel'$.
that no_one will know how thegirl disappeare
nor be able to trace her up the river to there
dence of .Horton. That is where ~they.'w~iI1
left. I shall .proceed°‘to Batavia at _once-—it’s ’

a few miles away4—hunt up the American :2

and lay the facts before him. He won't 'lo‘s an ,
time in getting‘ to Horton's. place with a for
police that will make things hum.. ‘I’m thi

this will prove a fortunate adventure for me:
need a little luck after‘ being stranded on -th
island with‘a- capita1.of only one dime an ~13
clothes I stand in.” .— , _ , * , c .

At that moment there came the sound of in
thing moving slowly throughthe. shrubbery‘-i ’
direction the Dutchmen had come. , ' _

“What's that?” exclaimed the boy, listening-1
tently. “Is it a man or an animal. ‘There
be savage beasts in this’ -‘vicinityfor all I lino
\It’s well to‘ be on the safe side, so -I'll justrsh ‘ ‘

' this -tree.”

,  » ‘ He was’in.‘the’ act’ of doingsopwhen Va

So, Jacobs, itis vell dot ve ‘take her aboard our
sohoonerund sail om)’ de.‘ river according to de
ays down de gelt in de cabin.”

“Goot. I agrees mit dot. But suppose here-
uses to pay till he get de‘ gal-——vot den? She

s no use‘. to us.”' “ — ' ‘

-rarrangement; but ve vill keep ‘her aboard "till he‘

. -“In dot case ve pull‘ oop our anchor und Sail I
way to. our ‘hiding place on ‘de -east sho1"eﬁvhere ,

'e"v.ilI, kee ode gal till he comes to terms mit us,
icli he is bound to do as,he ‘is'much in loaf’ mit
er, und»is anxious to make her his vrow as
soon as possible.” ' ‘

Yaw, .I,di»_n‘k ve haf de best of “de business.

A? p I alvays '

said .dot.s Just de same-dot‘, head vould haf been,  ,

cud of businesstq-night if I-Vvos ‘not quiclrmit  ; ,
1”»   .«  ~ .~onme_'and

You hat‘ a 'great~'head, Captain Voort.

V.

‘ hat.

i,;e:e£]i'sto-. .  _ _   ,
“V , __vx,I1.mgve 0I_l__1'l0W.~-SyV1gfgS,11nd“d§' hoqse.".g

much older“ than‘ ‘himself, staggered .-out
shrubbery. ‘He was a ghastly looking obje

‘face was white and he had a wound on", his ea
His clothes were of good ,quality, but he had ‘
He. stood fora few moments on the.
of_athe clearing looking around in .a blind,’

tam wayhhis limbswavering as though he‘ s
on thepoint of, utter collapse, then he be‘ga'
tdtte; forward‘ again. " ‘ . 

,. ‘‘I’1l bet _this'is_the girl’s escort, the chap
was shot by that Dutchman—named_J.acob'

looks to be, in a pretty bad ‘way. T I must“-
- him a lift. to some place where he‘can— berl

afte1_',"’ said the _boy, Whose‘ total...resou&fc‘es
cording to his own statement, was onlyon
He hurried over to th'e.»w,ounded boy.
“He1‘ei let me. help you ;aldn‘g,?,?, he said

j I1wi)ll'_try togtake you toithe

    

     
    

.. CAPITAL»
_ The wounded lad staiued him with--lusterlvess
.  . ' _ .__ ‘
ho—are—you?” he asked, with some diffi-

y.name is Jack Saunders, and I’m an Amer-
n stranded in Java.”

' The wounded boy leaned heavily upon him and
ered a groan.

  

ct-—in the——the head——by—+——”
By a couple of scoundrels,” said Jack.

  

‘_‘Yes,

   

hter of the American consul at Batavia. " The,
ascals have carried her off to‘ their schooner in
 river. Can you tell me your name?”"’

‘Sid Danvers,” replied the lad faintly.

ack saw that the wounded boy was in no shape
_.answer any more questions, so he quit asking
‘liar.’ additional information. Throwing one of
Tﬂanvers’ arms over his shoulder he placed his
' ‘ht arm around the boy’s body and gently urged
gm along in the direction taken by the Dutchmen
' h their prize.‘
hat he could ,barely keep hisfeet, even with the
aid’ of Jack, “so their -progress was necessarily
w. After covering perhaps a quarter of a mile
yfcame to a little ‘rustic bridge which spanned

     
    

   

  

  

this spot would help the lad, whose movements
 grown more feeble. . _

"The water would enable him to bathe’ the boy's
' 11nd, and if it was fresh a drink would serve

  

  

us: companion’s wavering feet down to the edge
‘ "the stream, where Danvers sank down utterly
austed and lay back with closed eyeslike one

‘ck ’tasted thepwater and ﬁnding it wasicool

me aﬁdrink,” he said, holding the rim of his
close to his compan1on’s mouth. V __
e_,1l)>oy.ﬁseeI1il1ed %<t>ath' totfmakéef tlie éiegessary

. t a’ . a er con inue so lcl a 1011 on
is rilart rhe Sdpened his eyes and swallowed
‘of the water. A second drink‘ revived him
"it." A  .
 nl{S,” he whisfplered’, “th(;atIta1s{tes good.”
‘_ ’e some more ‘en ’sai ac . V 5

o, let me test 9'. Whilye. I feel very bad.” ,

iickiiet him fall back against the sloping bank,
e‘ taking his handkerchief out of his pocket
1.831‘ it in the waterand» began to lave his
fﬁ , -

'e_. soon ‘w the wound where the built of
pliﬁsgjfevo ver had made an ugly’ furrowa ong
»S .
‘dof pad, soaked it in the stream, and then,

  

  

  

  

Laiiy better, [old man?”A asked Jack, /after

A esﬁyarephed Danvers, without opening his
“but I’m' awijully weak. ’ ~ A

.guess;§gu. a1_*eé.ine.m

I don’t,know

st}: .1 been cam, .

' consulate?”

,‘_I-Ielp me——for—heaven’s sake." I’ve been—-‘

know. .You were trying to save‘ a girl, the . -

The wounded lad’ was so weak ..

shallow stream. It\0ccurred to Jack that’ arrest» , I ,M...rec0Ve}_ed my Senses and found myself are .

arevive him. somewhat. Accordingly he guided’

sweet he dipped some up in the crown of his’

A . “Yes.

’anxiou‘s to get her,.but she did not fancy him...

~ ‘native from living here so long. Although, he

He folded the handkerchief up into a ’
‘his own handkerchief, bound‘ up the boy's '

You’ve'1ost ouite it hit A. or

how I-‘xcanireturii home 7
O h 0' g V

   

'.r

O;NE_D1ME  

  

A .“Is the lady’s name .Tessie?” asked ‘Jacki
“Yes~——Jessie~ Prescott. She is my cousin.’.’ — ~? t
“Then you are connected with the American’:

   
  
   

  
   

-.“Yes. Mr. Prescott is my uncle. I am em-'.
ployed in the oﬂice and live at his house.” ' :.
Danvers raised. himself on his elbow and looked
at Jack. ‘ - ‘I

“You’re a good fellow,” he said. “What did your '
say your name was?”
Jack told him. " "
“I believe you’ve saved my life. ‘At any rate7 .
I am very grateful to you for coming to my aid. 
How came you to be in that wood?” .- ‘
5 “I was walking through it on my waypto Batayu
via when I heard a girl's scream and three pistol?’
shots in quick succession} Pretty soon three men »
appeared, oneof them carrying a pretty girlwhol. ..
lay unconscious in his arms. One of them, whosel ,j ‘
name is Jacobs, called him Captain Voort. He '
appears to be the skipper of. a schooner, and’ .
seems to be a hard character. I overheard a,con— Q,
versation between’ Captain Voort and his ‘pal, 
Jacobs, which explains why you and your cousin ,3
were attacked.” ' 'V <7

“I should like to know the reason if you ‘can’;
tell me. I thought when they came upon us that
it was a case of hold-up for our valuables. ‘When’

    
      
     
     
   
   
     
      
          
    
 
 
     
       
     
   

 
      
 

I knew that the rascals had carried my cousin if,"
perhaps with the view of holding\he'r for ran‘-pr
som.” . ‘ V ’ {$4

“No, that wasn't their object,” replied Jack“;
“I suppose you know a man by the name of
Casper Horton, don't you?” , , '

“Oh, yes. He's,one xof"'the wealthy and in~
ﬂuential men of the island. He is the residen
or boss ofﬁcial, of this district. He exercises gen
eral control, and acts as judge, collector and;
magistrate.” 1 _

“He wanted to-marry your cousin, didn’t he‘Z”9
How did you "guess that?” asked‘ Dan-A
vets, in some surprise. .

“I heard the skipper tell his companion, J acohs,‘
that Horton was in love with the American con«
sul’s daughter, and was 'anxious’to marry her,'_ ‘
but she turned his proposal down on the ground
that she was too young to get married.” . ,

“That’s .right,”» nodded Danvers. “He was ‘very;

 
    
       
    
        
  
   

   
   
  
      
     
 
  
     
  

  
      
     

Neither did" I, for that matter. I di_dn’t like his‘-
looks. He's an Englishman, but has been in the:
service of the Dutch goternment for twenty.
years on this island. I-Ie’s as dark skinned‘ as a ,

  
        
 
    

appears to be a gentleman in his conversation and
manners, he isn’t a man» that I’d care to tru
very far.“ He strikes me as insincere and crafty.
-»‘v.‘You’ve. sized him up about right. Well, he's at
the bottom of to—night’s outrage.” ., ' ,
“What!” exclaimed Danvers, in a tone ofas
ishment. 1 A ‘ » 3 . i . ,
‘ “He hired Captain Voort to kidnap your cousi
and bring her to his residence’ somewhere.up— the
J accatra River,” said Jack.‘ '
‘.FWhy,‘ should he do -such a thing as ~that?i 
5 “Because he is determined to marry Miss =,"_Pr ’
.cott, as he-Ithinks if he gets her in his power
jzvbuil ’ ' A  £0; her

Shanta.

     
     
     
 
 
  

   
   
  
  

  
   
 

  
   
 
 

   
 
 

   
  

  

ze ‘er Jinto accep

 '__some distance up the Jaccatra River.
: be a secureplace for him to hold my cousin a
p "isoner provided the fact did not become known

C tion?”

,\

“.“Why., that would be outrageous,” said Danvers, ‘

indignantly.

“,Of course it would,” agreed Jack.

“He wouldn’t dare attempt such a high~handed
‘game. Mr. Prescott would bring his conduct to
the attention of the Dutch government, and he
would ﬁnd himself in trouble.” ,

“He’s counting on the matter -being kept,a
secret till he has married Miss Prescott, after
which, he probably ﬁgures, it won’t matter.”

»£‘You heard all this from the Dutch rascals?”

 , -.“,I heard the captain tell Jacobs the main "points
_ of the scheme.” .

“I can hardly believe it, though I don’t’ doubt

{but Casper Horton is capable of undertaking
‘}';such a thing if he thought it was safe for him
-to carry it out.

He has a ﬁne house in Batavia,
but I know he also has a splendid country property
It would

to he)" father.” . .
= .“Well, the fact mightnot-have got out if I

-1 .hadn’t accidentally overheard all about it,” said
,Jack.

,“'I‘hat’s true, I suppose it was your intention

(to tryvand hunt up my uncle, the consul, as soon

as you reached t.own, andlacquaint him with the
ifacts?” , ‘

“Yes, for the sooner he got after those‘ rascgls

'l'in the sloop the quicker he would recover his
. daughter.” - \

1

" . “Mr. Prescott will be very grateful to you for

putting himon th_e right track, and he won’t»fai1 .

to make it all right with you. I ~needn’t ask if you
are an American, for you have all the earmarks
of one. What part of the States do you hail
from?” I '
' ‘ “The Paciﬁc coast-—-San Francisco.” u
“What brought you to Java, if. it’s a fair ques-

“I’m- sorry to say that'6I ran away from home
to makea trip to Manila in the ‘Philippines. I
"had heard that a fellow.c'ould get a good job there
and have an easy time of it. I found out my mis-
take on my arrival. I hadn't been there much
over a week when I was kidnapped aboard aivessel
bound for Singapore, anclvwastreated likexa dog
on thetrip. ‘This morning the vesselran on a reef
or something off the ‘coast of this island and went
down. «It all happened so sudden that we were

. .:quite unprepared for such a disaster. I ﬂoated

shore on a spar and landed near a village where
I got somethingto eat anddirections to carry me
_cross.the country toUBatavia. I have been on
my ‘way .since. .That’s how, I happen to be ‘in
Java-—a country that I never ex ected to see.
nd the whole of my capital‘ amou ts to just one
me. ' I might as well belﬂat brokefor all the

nited ‘States, to which I can’t get back to any

too quickto suit me.” .

"‘Well,'my uncle. wilhsee that yquget back at

e first ch‘an‘c'e', but while you stay on the island». -

"U ‘see that,you’re take,Ii_car.'e of in‘return_ for,
at
’ e thatlsliowed he;-_meant it._‘
ﬁg .41’ . .. . _ -

_.plied Jack. ~ ~ . r

you haye done ‘for ‘me to—night,”. said._Dan-V .

 ‘cA1>rrAL, oNs  I

CHAPTER ,III.—Jack Reaches Batavi,

- Danvers had braced‘ up wonderfully since
had ﬁxed his head, though his wound pained 1.3::
a great deal and stood in need of profession‘
treatment. 'A- reaction, however, was begin ing
to set in, and the wounded boy realized that th
sooner he got next to a doctorethe better it.,w 

e be for him.‘ As he and Jack started‘ onitheir

again he showed by his staggering steps-I

‘groggy he was. .

Jack supported him as before, but at the‘ .11
their progress was very slow‘. Danvers’ head hu
him more and more and his wound became"
feverish that he began acting and talking in "
strange and ﬂighty way, He grew so bad”
Jack became alarmed at his condition. . Such
the condition of affairs when they. struck at
and Jack saw a light before him shining-from 
window of a native house. He welcomed» 
evidence of civilization with great satisifac
and when they came up to the house, which ‘on

whole did not promise much,'he-knocked at he

door. ‘A small, dusky-skinned man answered
summons. _ . \.

Jack saw at a glance that he was a Jap. :
supposing that the chap understood’English',’ J
resorted to_.the ‘sign language,’ pointin It
wound on h1svcompanion’s head, and.'as -in
shelter as best he could. The Japxnod
said: “You English, eh?” _ 

“Hebel

"We’re Americans,” replied Jack. ,
to the American consul_at.e.”. .
“(;‘Me _speal1(uE1ﬁgllishb someﬁ’ 1]'epIl{ied tl;‘e _ 1%
ome m. e ep oy. e ~00 muc "'
What matter?” ' . V 3 . . 
“Wounded in the he‘ad,’,’ replied Jack. .'
The Jap looked surprised. He pointed
sort of easy chair of rattan and J ack.led.Da V
to it. The consul’s nephew sank into it"in'a'
that showed he was all inl .The‘Jap felt f‘
head and‘ then of his pulse.‘ ' ' ’. W
“Much fever. Me ﬁx him up allirighﬁ

‘no can go away to-night,” he said.‘

He /got some cloths and warm water a
some trouble removed the handkerchief Jacky’
bound over the wound. "  i V .

“Bad hurt,” he said, examining itcare’
‘fAlmost kill. ‘How got?!’ . 4   

“Shot bya rascal in the woods 3. mile back,"

“Me seen three
from there ’while ago.” , . ‘ . ,

“One of them shot my companion”.

The Jap‘ nodded as if the- information,

greatly, surprise him.‘  - .
_~“B_ad men.” he said. '‘‘I know. One capt3n
stfhooner. Him, name Voort. He opium‘ ..
er,’ .. _ -,- ,, ..
“You know him, then?" ' _ ‘  L‘
The Jar nodded. 1‘ '_j-, , ,.. g '
f“Know qt,” he’ aid: “G'\),essvhim~steal;
Where. jKeep J1‘ ‘prisoner. on  ‘
moneg.for.her , gr ' i 

menwith girl in wagon_

l

    

 ,Danvers’ wound, and then, after apply-‘
' some’ kind of salve, dexterously bound it up;
ing the process the boy moved rest-lessly and
‘E3 ed like one out of his head. The J ap then
uced from a closet some kind of .a cordial, a.
rtion of which he_got Danvers to swallow.‘
“He much better by and by, ’bout morning.
help me put him on couch.” .
Theymlaid Danvers on a-kind of rattan sofa
v’ th. a soft pillow under his head.

 
 

turning to Jack.

‘ Got. anything to eat?’f

‘ V lenty. Come, me give you some.” .
He led the way into another room and motion-
ng Jack to squat on the ﬂoor on a rug handed
 out what the boy considered quite'a feast.
',ter he had eaten as much as he_wanted Jack

anked him and said: _ .V '
‘ . .

« ow far? Three, vfour mile.”
‘How will I get there?”

then said:

oagnorrow, eh?” M

_ ‘Yes, I'll be back. I’m going to seehis uncle,
‘ American consul.” : ,
I'Iirr'i"*tincle American consul?" '~ 

‘ He’ll pay you. for‘ helping‘ his nephew.”
“No want pay. Glad, to help. Me. look after

Aisuncle will send some kind of a vehicle, I.
'1)ese." He may _send to-night.” i .

he i‘Jap shook his head.

-‘Better not move till ’morrow, else make fever
V se. Let alone -all night him much better in
ning. Understand?” '

' doctor.”

egood as' doctor for_ him. ,Him no danger
e: Wake up in morning lot better.”
a,ék«bade the J ap good—by and started‘ for the

fve wagon bound for the town and got" a
ost of the way. _ _
when he arrived at,h_is destination. Very
places were open at that hour. 'One of them
drinking house and'Jack entered it to make
es about the American consul. Theroom
ull of a motley collection of Chinamen,
,' Japanese and a number of foreign-look-

  

  

H
.4
O
‘'1
U1

boy with some curiosity. He stepped up to
V r behindwhich stood a slant-eyed Celestial.
~ derstand English?” he inquired-

ego. Me sa_vve,” was the reply.‘ f‘Wantee

 
 
 

I ‘want to‘ know where‘ I .can ‘find the
eifioan consul, Mr,- Prescott.” '~ ' ‘ '
y," ’and"the Chinaman waved his arm in the
T onof the place.

ee dlink.'.f0’ go?” '
don't drink.f’ ,
no dlin ee ,

  
  

‘I

 

..e,~.*oAPI'~1*A_1:},+~  nine 

' Now, me do anything for you?” asked the,

he J ap gave _him the necessary-Idirections and.

‘You come back for him,” pointing to. Danvérs

“till you come back- Bring ‘~a rickshaw,
1: ' - . l '

leg, _I guess you know to fix him up all,‘
I'll tell‘his uncle that youjre as good

. one.
‘.6 Batavia. He‘ was so fortunate as to meet ‘

It was close on toamid-’

' , Most of them regarded the Ameri-‘
,he could do was to pointout in a general way» V
a paper and walked away.‘
elicazi‘ consul?' Him ofﬁce d,0Wl:1 stleetilillee T
x . y . ’ 7 is all the worse because it’s late at ni ht.”
i must be closed .at this hour. « Know where .

No’ telle .Where_1ivee_.’ i’Pose> ‘

 , ‘understand him; so the result was he;

 
  

“No,” replied Jack. -“Much obliged for'infor-
mation. Sorry you don’t know where Mr. Presé
cott lives. I want to see him on very important
business.” ‘ ' " " . 

“Velly solly -no able to tell,” replied the China< ’
man, with a grin. ; _

Seeing that he was only wasting time to no '
purpose, Jack left the drinking house and walked‘ . 
up the dark street which was close to the water — K
front. I-Iekept his eyes skinned for some indica-  7
tion of the consul’s oﬂice, thinking the signlmight . f 
give him a. clue ,to what he was after. The street  _
was lined with warehouses, ship chandlery shops, 3 
a sailor's boarding house or two, and kindred
establishments. At length he saw a ﬂag pole , .>
sticking out of a second~story window. On the ‘, ;
door below were the words “American Consulate, T 
Second ﬂoor.” . ' 

That afforded no information that could be of. ‘
any use to Jack. « 

“I’m afraid I won’t be able to connect with’ .
Mr. Prescott till some time in the morning. That . 
will give’ the Dutchman. the‘ whole night tofcarry   -.
Miss Prescott up the river and deliver her over . »
to’ Casper Horton. That is unfortunate, for it
strikes me it would be easier to’ chase the schoon-"
er and take the young lady off her than to3get' .
her out of Horton’s clutches after he once gets,’
hold ‘of her. He’ll be sure to declare that ‘he. "
had no ‘hand in her kidnaping, and that she isn't;
at his country hoiise. No. doubt he has places in
the neighborhood where he can -keep her hidden"
safe from any search. He wouldn’t go"into,such».
a ticklish scheme if he wasn't prepared tomeet,
all emergencies, and I’ll wager he’s a crafty
man. Well, I can't help «it. I’m doing thebest _
‘I can to reach the young lady’s father and put‘,

himdwise to the whole scheme.” »

It occurred to Jack to hunt up one of the hotels
and see if the night clerk could tell him where
Mr. Prescott lived. He started oﬁ’ at once to ﬁnd :.
a hotel. Stopping at an all—ni ht eating house --
he received directions that ena led him to ﬁnd —
He -interviewed the night clerk and that
individual produced a directory of the town. r.-V
Prescott’s home address was found in it, 2b 1: ’
Jack thought it was going to be a difficult matter
for him to locate the street and afterward the
house. i ’ . ~ _ . ’

I .“My business with him is of the utmost import- ‘_
ance,” he told the clerk. “As —I’m a stranger in ‘.
Batavia, and haven’t been in town much over an]
hour, I don’t see how I’m going _to locate his‘
house at this hour of the night.” 

The clerk shrugged his shoulders, as if the
matter. did not interest him a great deal. All‘.

   
   
   
  
   
   
    
    
 
   
   
   
  
   
  
    
   
   
  
 
   
 
   
   
   
  
   
  
    
  
 

 

      
   

  
   
   
     
  
       
     
      
      
 

the direction Jack should take to ﬁnd the“street.j
The boy noted the address down on a sheet of’ '

       

    
  

“If Danvers had only been able to come to town.‘
with .me he.would.have taken me directly to his
uncle?s hou_se,’—’ soliloquized Jack. “As it is I
like a cat in a strange garret, and the diﬁicul

 
  

   
  

    
 
  
   

   
  
   
 

_ J ack~ was at his wit’s end and didn’t now‘wliat
to do. As he stood on the‘corner ﬁguring th
matter out one of the native policemen ca, e-
alon and asked him what hewas doing there i
He ‘ idnft understand thefnian and the man didn’

   
    

 
 

 head oﬂicer-of the station house.
tl_ie'English language, and the result of the in—

> shooting of Sidney Danvers.

” ltonishment. I"
; u

“in such a thing.”

\.

 to the station house. The man at the station‘
, house couldn’t talk withhim so he was locked up
. 'as‘a suspicious character. ‘

This is ﬁerce!” muttered Jack, after-
“I’ve got to pass

“Gee!
the ‘key mas turned on him.

-my first night in Batavia in a prison cell because
,~v»these cops can’t talk English. No chance now of

‘getting the news of his‘ daughter’s abduction to

. Mr. Prescott to-night. When he learns how I’ve

been treated in my efforts to reach him he’ll
have something to say to the authorities .I’ll bet.
Well, the only thing I can do now is to turn in

”"’on the bench and go to sleep.”

‘ Jack,‘ being something of a philosopher, p_ro-
ceeded to make the best of abad job, and taking

‘  dﬂ’ his jacket, doubled it up and put it under his

head'for,a pillow. Then he lay down, and in

gzspite of the harness and na.rrowness_of his bed,

-was soon sleeping as peacefully‘ as he had ever
‘done in his life. / ' . i

. (lHAPTER.IV.;—Danvers Decides to ‘Take the

Bull by the- Horns.

. In the mbrning Jack was brought before the
He understood

te"rview’was Jack was set free, with profouse
apologies on his part, and a policeman was de-
tailed to take the boy to Mr. Prescott’s house.

J.On reaching the consul’s residence Jack was

shown into the sitting-room by a native servant,

»and presently the housekeeper, for Mr. Prescott
* was a widower, ‘came in and. told him that the

‘Cﬁoast, and was not expected to return for two‘

 ays. / ,
It —f‘That’s bad,” said Jack, who thereupon told the
1' lady about the abduction of Miss Prescott and the

The housekeeper
was greatly distressedby the news. She said
the young lady -and her escort had ‘gone on horse-
back to visit a particular young friend of theirs
who lived a short distance on the other side of
the wood whero- Jack said the outrage had taken,

, place, and she expected them back that morning.’’%._
‘ €‘You don’t«mean to saylthat Mr.» Horton, the‘-
«‘resident of this district, is the instigator of Miss .

Prescott’s abduction?” she said, in a tone of as-
He certainly is,‘ for I have [evidence of“'the
_ct',” replied Jack. _ - _ -

. .. “Why, he’s the most important man, oﬁicially

'  privately,‘in this part of the island. He is

the last man we would suspect, of havingxa hand

, ,“Can’t“help that,” said Jack. “Facts are facts.
He is in love with Miss Prescott, alild as it ap-
pears she has. refused to marry hi , he is de-
termined to compel her to do so. The Dutch
skipper has taken the,» young lady up thevJac-
tray River to I-Iortonx’s country place, for which
efvice he expects to receive a bunch of money.”
-“My goodness, it doesn’t seem possible that so
pnportant a manpas Mr. Horton would be guilty
of such, an act. _
I I :Prescott'is away. The police will have tobe

tiﬁed-”  V . ‘ . * - I
I’m.afraid that won’t doiany good as I under-
‘ 3,HQ1;‘t0I1_iS‘,h0S5 of the police, and they

no doubt but Mr. Prescott will help

It is terribly unfortunate that .

wouldn’t take any action against him unles
Prescott personally instituted proceedings.”
f‘Then what are we to 'do about the dpoor gi
said the housekeeper, much distresse . 
“Have a messenger sent to notify Mrt Presc,
of what has happened so that he will come 
‘at once and taken steps, for the rescue of his
daughter.” V . ' ‘ ‘ , ‘ . "
“You say‘ that Mr. ‘Danvers was shot? .,
killed, I hope.”\ /, ’ 
“No. I came’_across_ him in ,the wood and‘
brought him to the house of a. Jap who is look»
ing after him. His wound» is somewhat serious;
but _he’ll come around all right. I must go bat:
and see how he. is coming on. As I haven't
anything but a dime, American money, tO'.1'i1y
name, and can’t, therefore, purchase anything to:
eat,.perhaps you ‘will havethe kindness to g‘
me some breakfast.” ' " '

“Certainly. Breakfast is just ready. You shall
eat with me,” said the housekeeper. “How is it
that you haveno money?” = .

Jack explained in a few words his predicament;

“My gracious! You are unfortunate. Ilia ,
you get back

to the States.”

Jack enjoyed a hearty breakfast and then to
his leave, telling the housekeeper that ‘hp¢hop'ed;,
Danvers would be in shape to’ return somevtime
that day. He remembered the route by which
had come to town and, as,the distance to t .
Jap’s_ cottage was not over four miles, he‘,
pected to reach it in the course of air hour" ’
so. As there were always native wagons pass!
‘to. and from the town, Jack begged a ride on o
and thus savedshoe leather. It was ,abo,utrteii
o’clock when he reachedthe Jap’s house; ,
found Sid Danvers sitting up eating someth

\ which the J ap had provided for him after dressing}
, his wound again. *

_, He was looking and ‘fee
very much better. ‘ . I ’ -
“Well, you saw my uncle,” he said, aftengree

ing Jack in a particularly friendly way, “

“I’m sorry to say I didn’t. He’s out of to \ ,
on business, and the housekeeper said she »did'?o’tiio1§“
expect him back for two days,” replied J ack.“ . ,

“Couldn’t‘ a telegra.ph message reach him‘?!
asked Danvers. “Wliere‘is_ he?” . V -

“She didn’t tell me the place, but said he wen
to some town down the coast.” ' p . ,- _ "

“He must’ ‘have left some instructidns for.
This Akidnaping of my cousin is a mighty serio,
matter. I must get back to town right awa
wound or no wound, By the way, tell me how.
got’ on after leaving me here last night.” , ‘

. “I got on all right till I was pulled inb ..
Dutch cop who couldn’t understand English. '1‘
result was I spent the night in a cell.” " _ »
‘L“The dickens you did!” cried Danvers in
astonishment. _ ’ ‘ ' ,

‘Jack told him about his experiences/in"_Bata,.
and how he ﬁnally reached Mr. Prescott’s .
early that morning and told the news to the ho
keeper. , . ' , , V _ ‘

‘,‘As I’m broke, barring that dime »-of mine
had to ask her. to trveat,-me to, breakfast. ‘
pose she thought me, clieeky§unti,l I exp_la'

situation.”  . . . .- , l_ _ ,
.f‘You did right. AA1fe1l,ow;, can’t sta es,

  

 

ciexmsoua DIME  R  . 

éﬁh help himself. I’ll see that you want for noth-
vingafter this while you remain on the island.’ _
"“I’m willing to earn whatever _I.need,” said
ck,’ who did not care to be an ob3ect.of charity
‘eh-if he was in hard luck.
V Y.ou?ve earned my gratitudeby what yogi have
_ jdone. for me; and the information ‘you learned
3'}; ut the cause of my cousin’s abduction, and who
_ guilty persons are, will be du
” compensed by my uncle.”
ell, if hecan‘ ﬁx it up somehow to get me
to ,’F‘risco_I’ll be mighty grateful,to him.
i _ ad -all ‘the traveling in foreign lands I want."
“W én‘a",chap ﬁndshimself a'strang_er_ 1n’a,qua-r-

r. of the globe several thousand miles from the
land of his birth, with a total cash capital of one
measly dime that doesn’t pass current because it
‘f foreign money, I think he has reached the limit.
hat was my case until I had the good fortune of
aking your acquaintance,” said Jack.
“You can consider your troubles over now to a
considerable extent,” said Danvers, with~a weak
“You»‘won’t, need to encroach on your,
capital of one dime’ while you remain within
reaching distance of me.
aistart for town.”
€‘Do ‘you feel able to _.travel that far?” it
, We won’t ‘have to walk. .I expect a
r;i-and of the Jap’s to call for me presently, and
‘can take you just as well as not.”

Inside ‘of half an hour they were on.th.eir way
to Batavia. The wagon landed them within three
short city blocks of the consulate, and they soon
, . ched it.‘ .They found the office in charge of -the
inative who opened up of morning’s,«cleaned the
“ooms, and then acted as. messenger and office
boy during the day. He told Danvers 1_:hat'1:here
‘had been a number of callers on business, but ‘
he}? had got tired of waiting and gone away. " ‘
T hatever instructions’ Mr. Prescott had left for
is nephew wereprobably at his’ house. The na-
' ‘ assistant couldn’t tell him where the consul
In fact the man was not’ aware that
Prescott had lefttown until Danvers told.
As the young man was anxious abd‘ut~his
r cousin he decided to go home at once and see
’.hether,his uncle had left directions-by_ which he
could. be communicated with by telegraph. He-
‘lnt for a native vehicle and presently he and
is we're bowling through the streets.
 home Danvers found a letter’~from,his
le ‘awaiting him. _This merely stated that Mr.
rescgott had been unexpectedly called out of town
d would not be back for a conuple of days. _The
rest, of the letter comprised sundry instructions
éiative to the current“bus‘iness‘ of the consulate‘
There was no clue at all .to‘
All that the house-

Ly appreciated

 

No_w‘I guess we’ll make

_ the Resident, who is boss of o of e'.‘S11bdl‘Vi.~

R Resident orders goes with him. Caspar Horto

ring his absence. V, V
ere the consul had gone. i ,
per could tell him was’ that Mr. Prescott told,
‘that he was going to some. town down the _
st, the name of which she did not catch. It
3 clear that Mr. Prescott could not he connnu‘-.
 with, and Danvers ‘hardly knew. what, to
‘The housekeeper suggested application to the
ce, but Danvers, knowing‘ that Horton cicn-.
artment, saw no use,-in following.
" ‘; i ’At_:his~’request the‘ housekeeper _
rte , hfqr himseglindiq .,d

_ one of the assistants" of the Regent of the distr
‘ in. which the Resident's country house was 51
euated onthe banks‘ of the Jaccatra River. As Si

 
   

-t,‘hat"J k ialgreed to'1:vith*_m ch atisfa

   

/

  

situation, Danvers suddenly made up his mind .
take the bull by the horns. 7- . ’ I I
“If you're game toback me, Jack, and I guess
you are from what I’ve seen of you, I’m going
secure a» conveyance and ride out to Hortonls".
country place. I'm not afraid of him if he is ‘big
smoke’ ‘in this part of the island. I’ll tell him to"
his face that I’ve"positive., information that he ar-
ranged the adbuction of my cousin, and I'll do»?
mand that he give her up, agreeing to keep the
matter quiet if he will. The easiest way is always '
the best, you know, especially when dealing with
foxy chaps like him. If he doubts my evidence
against him_I’ll bring you forward as witnesseto-,
the conversation that you‘ overheard between 1;
Dutch skipper and his mate. That ought to clinch
matters, and make him see the futility of trying.
to bluff me oﬁ’. What do you say—-—v.~'ill yoii go?

  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
    
 
 

witln me?” i i
“I will,” replied Jack. _ _ , - 3- ‘
So the matter was settled, and 'Danv'ers pre-

pared ‘to put it into ‘immediate execution~._ ,— , 3

  
  
    
 

9

 

  

VCHAPTER ‘V.-Captain Voort Carries His Pain !

    

The Dutch government had built good roads in
Java, and one of themftraversed the island in the
direction of Caspar Horton's country place. I
fact, for his own special convenience, the Resident
of the sub-division ‘saw to it that the road went
as close to his property as circumstances would
permit, and then from the nearest p‘oint'built, 9.
substantial private highway right up to hisgat "

At the junction of’ the public and the private
roads stood a sort of roadhouse for the accom.-'_
modation of travelers who passed that way. 
[was k_ept..by«one of the native of the island, who
was also an.assistant of” the Regent of the div
trict. A Regent is the ‘chief’ native oﬁicial of-a
district, and is selected from the family of.
former local prince, and retained in office aslong
as he‘ promotes the interests of the governmen ‘

He is, of course,~ under the direct uthority

 
   
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
  
   
   
  
 
   
  
 

sions of the island, and natura y whatever the

    

subdivision embraced several districts, includf g.
that in which atavia was situated, consequently:
he wasia perso ' of inﬂuence and power. He h’a'd
European assistants to supervisetlie outlying dis
tricts while he gave his personal attention totho‘
affairs of the capital town. Each of his assistan _
had a native Regent to help rule -the masses.“
Each Regent has his own assistants, and, as we
have said, the landlord of the inn in question w

  
   
  
 

   
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
  

Danvers was anxious to reach Horton"s~ place: is ’
soon as possible, he induced .-the driverpof the ve-
hicle he had! hired for the trip, by extra pay,‘
make the best timehe could. Consequen_tl’y.th
reached the inn at the junction of the privater
just asdark, and this was d,oing_uncornmo_nly—'welI‘
Danvers decided thatitlwas best to‘ have dinner
before boarding the lion. in his den,-apro ‘ti

      
 
   
  

  
 
 

  
  
 

 

 ‘-andvordered dinner for two.
; learned that the young fellow was connected with
/the Américauconsulate in Batavia, and that he
~w_as on his way to call on the ‘Resident’, he was

 cimit, om‘ DIME ;

 to put uplhiis rig and havehis horses fed, as

:,»ilie’y would be expected to make the return Jour-

ney; that night. Danvers interviewed the landlord
When the native

ery obsequious. He informed Danvers that
C spar Horton's country house was about three

"miles distant, and he gave the boy a general de-

sgription of the property, and told him what 'a
rich and powerful man the Resident was. The

ieoiintry on~that side of the river was fertile and
’prosperous looking, but on the opposite side was A

ren and unhealthy, scarcely any vegetation
sting ‘for many miles, the only trees being
those of the deadly upas, or poison tree of Java.
7.‘Wh'ile Danvers was talking to the landlord on

theporch of the inn, and learning, all he could"

bout Caspar Horton and the neighborhood in
wliidi hi's‘country home was situated, Jack Saun-

..ders'was‘lounging inside watching a pretty and
"sprightly native, girl set the table for the meal
' that had been’ ordered.

““+"A_t last, after being absent some time, the girl

eappeared and :walking up to Jack said. some-

, This unintelligible lingo, accompanied as it was
with a coquettish smile, quite paralyzed Jack. .
(‘I d.'on’t’ understand you,” he blurted out in
“What do you want?”
‘Me think you understan" native talk. QuaW-
w tell you dinna ready.”

‘Oh, that’s what you were getting at?” laughed

C "Me ‘talk bery good English,” she replied with a

‘ 1 fiitrong native accent. , ,
‘H
Me/fader he’

' '“What's your name?”

_ ‘Quawquaw. Dat- ‘Guinea , name.’
‘king to dat country. ,He marry Java fooman
and stay in dis country. Me born Here. ‘Talk
two, t’ree language. Bery smart gal,” with a
saucy smile. _ - V ’

At that moment Danvers came in.

' “§I—.—ust in timegold man,” said Jack.

ready.” _ D ' l

“You two bery ‘nice boy,” said Quawquaw.

‘ake tun seat and me bring in roast fowl and

“Dinner

other‘ﬁxin’s. Bery lucky to hab dat: fowl. .Missy'

nook um ‘fo’ ’se’£ and master, now dey get what
am leave,” andthe girl laughed as she skipped
mitrof. the room. — '
arly in the
rtman Vo.ort’s schooner, the Jung Vrow, after
very slow passage up the river, came to anchor
_, the,pr,0perty.of Caspar Horton. She was evi-
dently, expected, for by the timelier sails had been
lowered and clewed up a boat put off from a
small wharf with three persons in her, two -of
"whom tugged at the cars while the third, Horton's

conﬁdential majordomo, sat at the helm an
ered her alongside the schooner. -  ‘ .
tain Voort and his mate, Jacobs, were
' ing at thefstern of thegvessel watching the

ch of the boat. W i is “ .

D are cemin’ for de gal," remarked Jacobs.

f ‘y ,ha£,’brought‘de» ge1t~..‘a1o' ‘t,
65¢ ‘ed siilg ,

0 her,’.’ reph

, “Well, I‘ see you can talk English after a‘
’ - shion.” ‘ -

forenoon of‘ that day Captain‘

“uddervise. dey vill go pack mituod her. Die"
a cash business." I ’ . 
The emissary of the Resident, whose name 
Latour, stepped on board and walked aft. He
knew Captain _Voort and the skipper knew him.
; Well, captain, you have brought Miss P
cott, I suppose, or else you wouldn’t_ be here-wi
your schooner?” said Lato_ur. " .
Yaw. De young lady is pelow in mine sta
T001", und I am ready to hand her ofer van
de money dat vos agreed on for de job,” re
Voort, coolly. . V 3

"The money will be all right. You‘'c'an ‘\

ashore with the girl and collect» whatever is>Eam- '

ing to you.” » .‘ 4 _ _
Nein. I mooch ipreferldot de money is paid-
peﬁore de gal goes oud of mine vessel.” ~ ~   ~

‘ Don t you know that, Mr. I-Iorton,’s word is a
good as his bond?” ’ , 
“Maype so when de business is regular, ,bu_t in

a case like dis he knows dot if I deliver de goots‘ "

I can’t enforce mine claim. Dere are udder rea-
sons, too, dot puts me at a disadvantage.‘ Izha
trusted to his vort und brought mine schoozie
0010 here. :1 haf done mine part. If you haf not.
brought de gelt you will go ashore und get i
Den it will gif me mooch bleasure to turn -‘de gal

~ ofer to you.” .

“But Mr. Horton sent me aboard to get her,”

“V931. 1}’ von’t hurt you to go pack und fetch?
de money.. I, ~ -

“Mr: Horton will ‘be much displeased at ,1:

evidence offdistrust on _.your part, Captain V90

The. Dutch skipper sh ' d‘h' h ‘ If ‘
“You know that he, alsuﬁitcaell adstlfeocltllgitfﬁliesi

' dents of the island, have orders from the ‘gave

merit to arrest and prosecute you for smuggl
opium into this colony. Owing to the frien‘
feeling he has for you he has not carried out his
instructions.” _ ‘ W ‘ -N
Captain V.'oor_t.grinned. The real I C

Caspar Horton had not proceeded ageaaisixosxt‘
was because the skipper paid him a part of th
proﬁts he made out of the illegal trade and that
insured immunityto him. . ’

. “Under such, circumstances it shows want of.
gratztude on your part to refuse to let me he

the young lady because. I have notbroughft:

money,
Latour. . ,
f‘_Meinheer Lato_ur, ve vaste vorts. ’ I

oblige me by taking .m1ne message to Meiiiheer
Horton. I am anxious to make mineself scare‘
in dis river. De sooner he sends de gelt de"
sooner de business. s’al1 be ofer. Dot is «mind
uldimatum.” , ' .

. The man saw that the Dutch captain waslngio

which _you -claim is due’ you," weﬁt

,to be moved. so _he turned away, got into,

boat and was rowed to the wharf, where he C
out, telling the rowers to remain in theebo t; a"
proceeded to the house—a very pretentioug. ‘
sion, surrounded by -ﬁne trees, and, situated '
the top of a bit of rising ground: _ '  _
‘ Caspar Horton had‘ been eagerly watching 1&1
schooner from one of thexwindows of hislma

« I-Ierfappearance -i,i1».the _1‘lVféR7l1'ldica§ed th

oft C Dutch skipper’s. m_ission.- “ " ‘
_ “'Ifhat~rasca1.. will do -aiiytliing jfofr
mutter V. “1’v,e fnroniiseddzign .£201}3£

 I appeared.

' ' c  'c'AI>r'i*AL,[

 advanced him $50. - Shall I keep the barn
‘gain?’ Why should I?
jpogwer.

He is practically in my
-Why should I give up £200 for the girl
_ ,en'the.£50 and my protection ought to suﬁice
him? He dare not squeal againstgme. I am all
}a‘t£i”_tverful'on this island. . His word against mine
would not count for much. Yet I would prefer
t to have trouble with him. Still £200 is a
diculously large sume to waste on such a scoun-
el.. Ha! Latour is coming ashore without the
girl. What does that mean? Has the rascal
failed after a_ll?f’ -_  '
gHe -waited impatiently for his man to present

, ‘himself with an explanation, pacing the room with

aneztvous tread and corrugated brow. Latour soon

Well, Wu have not brought the girl, I 586,”

'§ai.d'Horton, in a comr_)i'essed' tone. "‘Captain
_ ‘Voort failed to secure her according to the pro-

mg)
%r‘8;Not'.so, your excellency. The young ladyis
al).oard"the schooner,” replied Latour. ”
t “Then why did you not bring her ashore? asked
Horton sharply. , . ' _
 ."“Because ‘Captain Voort would not give her
if ' ' - '

I

i‘ ..;‘For what reason?” .
“He demands thebalance of the money which

hesays is due him.” . . 5
“The rascal!”

"When you send! the money he will give‘ up the '

g rl.‘ That’s his ultimatum.” .
’ Horton uttered a smothered imprecation. -He
walked the ﬂoor some moments» before he spoke
again. He was considering the advisability of
arshaling his servants and seizing the schooner,
th her skipper and crew. He».hesitated pro-
, ding to such an eigtreme lestsm the end the
matter redound to hisfdisadvantage. He was not
On, the most friendly terms with several of the
other Residents, and_if the Dutch skipper, brought
“ bay, exposed his connivance ‘in _the opium
Smuggling business, they ould seize‘it as a pre-
art» to advance their own. interests, for each of
them had his eye. on that particular subdivision
:5: the island, which, as ‘it embraced the town_o;f
Batavia, was the choicest plum of the entire
’ V’ y-two. So after thinking the.matter“over
e felt obliged to yield to Captain Yoort’s terms,
hut [privately he determined. to get, square with
I Dutchman. He went to his private room,
at the money,/in English sovereigns, handed the

, .2 _
and fetch the girl ashore. _ ~

of sovereigns to. Captain Voort with the re-
rk that there was his money. a.

t was necessary dat I putide gal under de
nence of a’ little drug. She vill vp. e cop b_y
’ by.. You vill haf to carry her, but dat is
" h,-'better dan to have‘ some trouble mit her.”
He unlocked the door of his cabin and_pointed

essie Prescott, who laysleepmg on his bunk‘;

r was surprised at her attractiveness, and “

xwjmd if that his master was impélledjto

‘fectly safe.

- melody.

‘the housekeeper responded.

to his, man, and_told him to pay it to Voort

ONE DIME
adopt strenuous measures in ‘order to make her
his Wife. He took the girl in his arms and can
ried her on deck. As the schooner, 1ike“'all ves-
sels of her class, had_a low freebeard, he ‘had no 
difficulty in stepping into the boat with his fair ,
burden. ‘ ’ ' 
As soon as the boat was on its way toward.
the wharf the skipper gave orders to his mate I
to get the schooner under way down the river.-
J acobs lost no time in doing so, and by the time.‘ 
Latour had carried Jessie Prescott ‘into the pres-
ence of Caspar Horton, the Jung Vrow was slip-.
ping around the bend in the river and was pres-
ently out of sight. Horton regarded his prize ,
with a look "’of intense satisfaction, and did not ,

regret the stiﬁ‘ sum it had cost him to get 1303- g ,

session of her.’ He rang for his-housekeeper, an
attractive-looking woman of middle age, and told
her to take charge of the girl.

“Take her to the, apartment I ordered pre- ’

pared for her reception, and see that when she

recovers her ‘senses she wants for nothing,”. he 

said. “You willanswer no questions she may put
to you, but you will assure her that sheis “per-
Later on, when she has quite recov-
ered, I will see her. That is all." ' ,
When Jessie recovered consciousness two hours —
later she, was astonished to ﬁnd herselfin a hand-
somely furnished apartment. The afternoon sun '
shone through the half-open windows, and the ‘A
‘song of many caged birds filled the air with
Seated beside one of the windowsiwas a pretty I
native girl engaged upon some kind of fancy work. '
Jessie sat up on the lounge upon which she had

_been lying. The girl immediately dropped her

worlc and pulled a»‘bell rope. In a few minutes I

“Where am I?” asked Jessie.
I here?” .

“You are quite safe, miss,’-’ replied the house-
keeper in good English. ’

‘__‘I aln glad to hear it, but I should like to know»
where I am.?’ »— ' ' e 1

‘"‘ ,ou mustbe hungry. I will have some food»
brought at~once,”, said the woman. V 

She made a sign to the native girl, who left the
room. i

9 “I had a terrible experience last night.in—t_he
suburbs of Batavia,” said‘ Jessie. (“I and my

“And how came‘ ‘-

' cousin, who was, acting as my escort, were at.-

tacked by three riiﬂians. Poor Sid was shot,” she

\added tearfully. “When I saw him fall I screamed
. and fainted. That isall I remember till I‘ ca ‘

to myself in this room a few moments ago. Will

. you tell me how Iwas saved from those men, and ‘

how badly hurt mycousin, Sidney Danvers, “is?” ~'
“Be patient, miss, and you will learn every-
thing in good time. I know nothing about-‘the

attack of— which you speak. All I know is th 12

you were brought here and placed in my, charge
“At least you can tell me where~~I am, an

‘who the pea 1e are to whom I am indebted -for

this hospita ity?” i I .7
,.“Youj are in a mansion on the banks oftlie
J accatra River.” . ,
“It seems to be a fine place. The owner must
be wealthy.” , v ‘ ~ ’, .
“He is.”
_ “What is his name?”’

   

~f‘You will -see him in a short time.” p
_ » Two. native girls now entered the room bearing
trayslfull of choice food. The dishes were laid
','eiut"t‘Sn an expensive inlaid table, and Jessie was

 

zcondiicted to it. [As she was’ quite hungry she lost,

.119 time in satisfying her appetite. ‘ Everything
tasted delicious to her——the fruits being of the
finest varieties on the island, while the‘ coffee _was
the real Java article, prepared in a way that an
i xpert alone understands the secret of. Jessie

ad only been a few months in J av,a, her father

'eing‘~'a recent appointee to the post, and was not
’ye_t'~— well acquainted with the delicacies of .the
island. Although she lived well in Batavia, this
meal was a revelation to her. 'After the meal
the housekeeper invited her to step into an
adjoining salon ..to rest on a rich divan in a nook
formed by two elegant stained glass windows upon
" hic_h;the declining sunshine produced a marvel-
ously ﬁne effect. Hardly had she taken her place

cealed behind 2-. curtain at the far end of the
room. To say that the girl was astonished would
be putting it quite mild. This concert continued
‘some minutes and then a young woman’s voice
burst into song, the notes of which thrilled the
heart of theyoung American girl.

As the‘son;_>; died away‘ the music chanked to a

  

,c_ur.taine<l doorway six native females -dashed and
roceeded to give a high -class exhibition of danc-

  

and the, housekeeper followed them, leaving Jes-
sie alone and quite enraptured with the perform.-
hnceshe had been treated to. Then "the girl re-
eived a big surprise. A, nearby curtain‘ was’
iifted and Caspar Horton walked in attired in a
‘well afternoon costume.’ - ’ .
2 “Welcome to my countrv home, Miss Prescott,”
he said with a suave smile. i “
' 1‘fYo11—here, Mr. Horton?” Jessie cried, raising
herself quickly. — «

,“IAnd why not since this /is my mansion,’ of

 
     
  

W
about?”-he“said., seating himself beside her. “The
strenuous adventure through which you. passed
astnight has robbed your cheeks of,some of their
color.’’. _ ‘ ' - ' 4 3
 f‘.Then I am indebted to you forfrny escape?”
essie. said, not over.pleased that circumstances
had ‘placed’ her under obligations to a man, she
both distrusted, and disliked.

     

    
  
  

    

1je'pli.ed with .a courtly. "bow.
advantage of it to convey you..hith,er, trusting
ﬁ'a‘t,'t e beautiesof -this :place will melt your

   

refusa to ‘link j.y.o'r'futu.re with mine.” I _
“I beg you 'wil not again refer to that, Mr.
Horton.” replied Jessie, in ’a‘ digniﬁed tone. “You
have had my answer. _ It is ﬁnal.” . I
I ;, A, shade of displeasure passed across the man's
‘ features."  ‘ \ .  V .
“.‘-You are cruel, Miss Prescott. ',You are the
anlyywoman in the world who interests me. It is
Isdipossible that I can live without you. I‘ have
the beauties of every nation and they. pro-
I ‘edbutiavpassing fan‘cy.till I was thrown into

  

  

  

read‘ woman-is the; queen’ hr, the .wo;»1d,”. , V

when soft, seductive music began. to.ﬁll_the room"
with «entrancing melody. The‘musici"ans were con-'

hich I have more than once spoken to you"

9¢is1tY.,.énd'tlienv I had to admit that the

rhythmical dance measure. and through another,

trig. ‘When the dancers withdrew the attendants .

“The honor; was afforded me, Miss Prescott,” he I,
“And I have taken , ..

.4

   
 

- about. him. When I saved you, the rascals had

it isjiot right I’ should’ remain here a moment

- dissimulatiom was. no ,longer'~ava.ilable.

freedom.

 
   

iiessierose to her feet.  * V. "  _
.. “Enough, Mr. Horton. If you are a gentleman
iii’;-it iZ".iss'iZZtZ}‘.Ii°%'o $2 3"éh°”“‘ié‘“"«‘i “ "“”"%°;‘
e sai . I am .gra
ful to you for saving me from those ruﬁians 
mght,but»I should have been more grateful. ha
3trg\1ﬂ::onveye<ti me Ito myf‘father’§ house instead ti
IS coun ry p ace 0 yours. I , 
“That ‘was impossible under the circumstances.
..;‘:.a::e;:.y:::..::$::“:::r'  “rte”
. ,  . ow e’ me—--- our '
‘is my cousin, Sidney"Danvers, who was shot i
trying to defend me?” Jessie said, in ‘an anxio’
ne. . . _ ~
“I regret to say that I know'no_thing whatevei‘ *

       
   
   
 
    
    

/

carried you many miles from the scene of the
outrage. - » "

“I trust'.hot“, Miss Prescott,” replied Horton"
observing herdistress. “I will. dispatch one ﬁg‘)
my servants to try and get news about him.” ‘

“I thank.you§~ but in the meanwhile I hope‘ you
will take me to Batavia. Have you notiﬁed my
father of my whereabouts?” , '- ‘

“Not yet.” '  ‘ . «V:

“Then it is unnecessary to do so. Oblige ;me ’
arranging to have me carried homeright awa ..

“Why should you wish to leave my hospitabl’
mansion so soon?” he said. I y ’ , ~ "

“Why?-" she exclaimed in. ‘surprise,

      
  

   
  

  
      
   

     
    
     
    
  

   
 
 

.“Beca;V

longer than 'necessary. My father_,m.ust be di
tracted over‘my disappearance, and it is my duty,
to reach himas soon as, I can. Then, he_.will,sen
a searchingparty‘ to looklforymy poor cousin
d “It is too late for you to startgfor Batayia
ay.” ' ' .  V. ’
“Too late!” she exclaimed. , 
“It is close on to sundown, and the town .is_
full half, day’s ride' ‘from this place.” ‘_
“So far‘ as that?‘ But I do not object to trave .
ing at night. I. must reach my father.» I beg ‘you
wil1l’place no obstacle in my way,” she said, is ' '
est y. . , :  y _.
“Miss Prescott, it is myfdesire to refuse, 
nothing; but my great love for you i'mpels;mé"t ’
decline’ to let you depart until you have promi : p ‘
to become my wife,” replied Horton,‘ seeing thrift,

    
  

  
    
     
  

  
     
       
  
 

    
     
   

 
     

      
   
  
    

-“What do youmean?’;’ cried Jessie,’a afee-ling 
uneasiness talging 1:I)osbsessio}n_of herh ‘ ' . ' :.l‘§1_o
_ mean’ t is:" roug t‘ you ere Vpurposéjt
the better to pleadhmy suit. You cannot leave
place unless ufill it. No one, but faithful_-tfs“
vants 0% rlnine, JS aware thatyou areﬂhere.
one nee now it uh ess say so. ‘ ere ,1‘
mcinnarcfhglf, all Idsi¥‘\1:§1y,'j111‘St(?s Ilam use su-pr
ru er 0 . is en o e is an . am’ ,eter~m-
to win you——to overcome your opposition at ,
hazards. Know then that you‘ are to\all inﬁéngtsp
and.purpose_sH_a prisoner. When you yield 
}\l‘V0O1ng‘, a minister of your faith shall befarou ’

ere.to ‘unite ‘us in marriage. , ' g  '

siﬁmmatidn of Ith"at"£1appy evﬁnthyou iwilltbé _
c arse o my‘. ouse eeper w o : a‘sc’~izrstr"u]c 
to ministerivto-‘youﬁr, sli§hte::n*gi:)l:esayte,tgiat‘.'
, owyo un' ers  M j‘s1r_1_1a
. 5‘D.on‘t touch"me_I’?j s/he  ‘

    
     
    
    
     
      
 
  

    
  
      
      

      

C3
:5
Oh
&
eo-
hr‘
11:
n

  
      
   
 

 

   

      

      

    
 
  
   
  
    

CAPITAL,
you dare.!’_’_ and she ﬂashed a look at him:
airly took his breath away.. “I never liked.
Casper Horton,-but new I despise‘ you, rich‘.
nﬂuential though you are.’ No one .but_a.,
d would act toward a weak, unprotected girl;
_ u are doing toward me. I am an American

; , and I,.am»not;afraid of yo'u——-Resident asyou

T I -am protected by the American ﬂag, and I

« you to harm moi’, * - ' _ ,_
‘Caspar Horton _ received a new sensation in
" pluckyyoung gir1’s deﬁance, and for a m_o~

  
     
 
   
  
   

   

(F

W0 11 of her words. But only for a monient,,then
 aiecovfred his composure and'uttered‘a ‘mock-
: ‘ an ~ . i ‘ T
-: I coguld almost fancy you were_ born for an
‘ §¢h:_ess»,”* he said, jeeringly. “You act the _in-
furyd heroine to perfection. Such a ﬂash of spirit
 increases the admiration I feel for you.
Now‘ that your wings are‘ clipped you will soon
how. vain it is to ﬁght against your destiny.
» sooner you accept the inevitable the sooner
' ‘fwill get back to the gay world again. As my
e you willbecome the leader of Batavia so-
, and the envied of all women.” '
7will never become your wife-I-never, as long
 I live,” Jessie returned. . y * -
“Never is a long day, Miss Prescott,” he an~
ered, lightly. ‘ » . ‘

  

  
  

     
 

 

CHAPTER VII—The Room of the" Mirrors.’

A ‘e evening was well advanced when the vehi-
, ntaining Jack Saunders and Sid Danvers

efVup before the gate of Caspar Horton’s coun-
house, and the driver

     
   
     
    
  
  
  
  

rs to inquire who was there, . ' _

e have called to see Mr. Horton,” said Jack,

g hishead out‘ of the conveyance. 

ive me your name and business ‘and I will see

fer it is his pleasure that you be admitted, '

he man invexcellent English. , A "

,“What’s the use of going to all that red tape?_f

replied Jack. “Open up and let us in. Our busi-
T } is important.” _ - _, , ‘

No'o3_ie is admitted without his excellency s,\or—

 
  
 
  

31
5
0)
fl
to
H
on
D-
et-
:3‘
co
B
in
:1

T" osh! '.,We are fi-omlthe American consulate,
we have simply got to get in.” _ y

The man hesitated. The words “American con-

te’? had their effect., The lads, for he saw

   
    
     
   
      
  

rt t a er ‘requirin the esident's si a»
it En; rzfte Jack’sginsistent attitude gblre

  

  
   
 
   
  
 

g ughrhis orders in_ their favor. So he opened
-—ag*a_teVand the vehicle droire in_and, following
graveled_drive, soon stopped H] front of the
‘n entrance of th”e,mansion.~ The boys sprang
nd walked up to the door. A i

  

ringing the bell. “Yoi! are your uncle’s rep-

  
  
  

y rascal, an

M. d’w'e’re going to do it, or know:
why‘  ~ - ‘ ~

  
 

’oNE "omit

A Way through a. magniﬁcent hall to the‘-audiencegg

he stood baffled and cowed under the "

ulled the bell Which,
. brought the native 1 ge keeper to-the iron

« and advancing with a friendly smile. ‘_‘This is?»

were two in the vehicle, mi htbe bearers oﬁ ’

such an idea, and he concluded to break’

-—*‘Now you ban take the lead, Sid,” said Jacki

tative, and it’s up_ to you to push matters. 
backyou up,‘ if it should come to a muss. ,
hereto. rescue your cousin from that 5611-.

     
    
  
   

vers. -‘»‘Our business is of the greatest. iinpor
tance, so kindly take us to him at once.” -- “ 
. The native servant understood him, and led th
chamber of t-he mansion. . 7 .,
“Whewl vThere’s style to burn in this house, 
Whispered Jack, as they followed the menial. . 
“Yes; Horton spread himself when he built audit
furnished this'house,” replied Danvers, noting the?
statues and objects of art ?scattered around ‘in’:
profusion. i = . 
“What names shall‘ I take to his excellency?”,
asked the servantyafter piloting the boys into av
splendidly furnished roo . . — ;
“Tell -him two messengers "from the American,
consulate.” *-

The servant bowed‘ respectfully and left the-“,
room to notify the Resident. Horton was l0llil1~g’=.“a _
negligently on a divan in his private apartment.
smoking a choice‘ cigar and thinking about his“
fair prisoner when the servant entered the room.-~

“Well, what do you want?".he asked, shar ly. _

“There are two visitors below in the au ’ence:
chamber who wish to see your excellenc on im--.
portant business. They are messengers rom the
American consulate.” , . j;
. “From, where?” cried Horton, springing to his
feet, and looking disturbed. _ , , ,= '

“The American consulate.”

A dark frown gathered on Horton’s~-brow. ‘ ‘ ~
“Did you say they are messengers?” he said. .
“Yes, your excellency." ; , .. ' 
“What do they look like?”

“They are boys, your excellency.”
“Boys!" . , . 
The Resident looked relieved. He reasoned tna-W;
Consul Prescott would have‘ come himself had’ he
got the leastlhint of the; true state of aifairs.
Since boys had been sent he ﬁgured that they
simply bore a request from the consul asking his
aid in a general search of the different districts
for his daughter, whose unexplained disappear-
ance doubtless greatly alarmed him. : v Q
"Show them up here,”‘said Horton, reseatihg—-
himself. - _ . - "
The servant bowed and retired. In a few min-15>‘
utes he returned with Danvers and Jack. Her--:,
,« ton started on recognizing the boy he thought ii
been killed. . , ’
“Sidney Danv,_,ers!” he exclaimed, jumping 11 ‘

   
  
      
  

 

  
    
     
      
    
 
 
   
        
     

  
 

   
      
     
  

  

     
      

    
   
    
 

unexpected surprise. To what good iortune am‘
indebted for this visit?” , -
‘fl regret to say that my errand is an unpleas-,

' ant one, Mr. Horton,” replied the cor'isul’Si
nephew, coldly. - , y s ’ ‘«  ,
“Unpleasant!” ‘ejaculated the Resident with .a__
light ‘laugh. “Pray explain yourself. lint 
be seated, young gentlemen.” i «
“Last evening, hile I was escorting my cousin,‘
Miss Prescott, to e homeof a friend where 3? la —
expected to pass the night, we were unexpectedly A
attacked by three ruﬁians.” ’ . 
with simulated

  

   
  
  

   

       
      
 
   
  
 

“Is it possible?” said Horton,
surprise. .. '_ g -
“One of these rascals shot mein the heaid_'
this bandage testifies, and while’I lay bleed
and urrconscious, the scoundrels carried: of‘:

    
   

 CAPlTAL,~ om, DIME» ‘ _ V H V

Horton, with assumed indignation. “Have you
“y clue to their identity?” .
- “We have.” ~
; “Ah!” .e:<claimed Horton, with an uneasy look.
“We know thatthe chief rascal is Captain
V‘0ort,,a Dutch opium smuggler, and skipper of
the schooner Jung Vrow, who is wanted bv the
government. His companions were his mate,
.Jacobs, and a sailornamed Swiggs.”
1;: “You recognized them, then?” said Horton, with
"«4'-In ominous glitter in his eye. V
 “:No,.” but my friend here happened to be a near
witness of the outrage unknown to the villains.”
-Horton cast an unfriendly look at Jack. V
 “Well, have you come here to secure my aid
" in hunting these men down?” he said.

~-.“»No, for I fancy that would be a waste of‘

words“ » . V ,

x “You do not doubt that I would use my best en-
, deavors to hunt these men down, if only for ‘Miss
v Prescott’s sake?” . , , “

“We do not doubt it very much indeed,” re-
,‘ e.d.Danvers. curtly, “since I have positive infor-

- mation, Mr. Horton, implicating you yourself in
jythis outrage.” - - _ .

“What!” cried the Resident with a black look.

‘ “Yes, sir. I have proof that you hired this.

_ Voort, to kidnap my cousin and bring her here in
order to force her into accepting you for her hus-
“loand/’,s,aid the boy, boldly. '

an evil smile.
broofs.” ‘ _
‘ “Jack, just oblige Mr. Horton, will y0uf?”. said
rivers. ‘ , »
“I will” replied Jack, and he proceeded to tell
- a Resident allthe facts of his connection. with
the matter as thereader knows them. ‘

Horton listened with attention, for he was anx-.

"ious to learn the ground on which Danvers’ ac-
” usation was based. _-"If they were dangerous
f gugh he intended to take means that would ‘ren-
rtheni harmless. * - V ‘ y
, ‘So,’' ‘he remarked, with a sneer, turning to
Danvers, “you place credence on an alleged con-
ersation, between Captain Voort and his mate
hich your companionclaims to have overheard?”
»‘I do, because the facts bear it out.” ‘ . l
I, “-And..you believe that Miss Prescott was*ab-
ucted by mygorders and broudght, to this house
*for‘the* reason you have state ‘?
‘I do.”
'«“You1- suspicion is both ridiculous and un-
ounded, and to ‘prove it you and your friend are
.at liberty to search every room in my, mansion.
‘That ought tet be evidence of my sincer_ity.”;
v'v“Yo‘u deny,‘ then, that‘ she is in this house?”
»“Most assuredly '1 do.‘ I will summon an at-
dant to -show you around. ,But ﬁrstlet me
"show my hospitality. You have both had» a long

de,”*he said,,pul1ing .a bell. rope, “ nd a little.‘

‘shment will‘be, appreciated by yo .” ' a
‘native "seryant ‘entered the room and bowed.

‘«C nduct these. lads to the room of the mirrors '

ve them refreshment,” he‘ said/to the ser-
:f‘Re£reshmente+you underst nd?” "he re-

-at any place.

‘ /my~dear young man, this is a serious‘
arge you make against me,” said ‘Horton. with ,
“Pray, produce your alleged i

'. smile.

V W335 W x 5.

business is only a“dodg'e'.to give himtime 
you? Cousllél outiof tlcie houts]e‘.” h th _ h *  
wou pre er‘ 0 go rou e 'ous <
and ttakflthte -refreshment afte1:gward,”~.saide. 
vers 0 or on. , 
“As you please,” replied the Resident, suav
:f‘I sic you suspect my object in tenderingvyou
res ment. o show you that I have no ul
II;Olél1:e I will myself accompany you to the’ V
the 3 éiéélrafiiﬁ’ a‘1~?.‘3k1§'7g‘i;'s‘s”§i‘$’vi§2T*» Wk“? *7:
“I. never drink anything stronger than co ee
rep‘liled't]l3an:7l9rl"’ h d J k V V V
' ei er 0 c ippe in ac .
:‘Then you shall have coffee instead of wi
have the finest brand produced on ‘the islan‘
is grown on myYown Ipgﬁpergy, aréd is not_fo'
on s ju. ge 0 its superior
cellence,” and he made a, sign to the servant
quﬁkly re]t1rd'e:lI.1- h ﬁx‘ ' 1;,
O1‘0l'le ewaytote oom f "1'
a small but_unique apartirnent,othee};/réilllgaand
ceiling of which were covered ‘With large mirr 
that reﬂected everything, and at the same 1;
§3V6d:}ll1e T301; _l’.l'}lﬁ: appxﬁarance of great leng
rea _ an. eig . en a servant appears
and lighted the candles in the »candelabr_a .,
boys were amazed at the effect produced, an > ,
the moment forgot the serious errand on wlii
they were engaged. Two servants presently
pgared Ivithktrayﬁzl On (age $3.13 frtuit andaﬁ.
o swee ca e w ieon e er woism’
gr’ black coifee,t}Itheil1;"s1u1r)-‘face aﬂame with "
urn’_1ng’cog’nac at a en poured on to
cordingto the fashion of the country. orio
tﬁaok the cups and handed one each to Jack aﬁ
anvers. ~
, “Help yourselves to the cake and-fruit,” he
almost mockingly. , * » .
d Ungseutspilcliouls of the fact thiitltl the coﬁ‘ee7'W§8;
rug t e oys sipped it w ie the ate‘
cake and the fruit. Horton watched thiml
cat does a mouse it is waitin to pounce up
His darl{"7hsaturnin}e) features, oéie with an
He the oys ate and rank here
their attentionlto the peculiar way in. whic
mirrors not on y magniﬁed the size of the up
ment, but multiplied‘ their ﬁgures tenfold.
th“I always’ lciiring my visitors in here to as
em esai. . x.  ﬂ.
Theboys admitted that they were. astoni,
t_ “Ithis ﬁathdei; c1}<1)se yin liiere,” said Danvers,.pu
mg is an o is ea. " ‘
‘t‘Tl1i'9i;c’s‘vr’hat I think,” said; Jack. “L.et’
ou o ere.’.. " ‘ .1 
“One moment,” said Horton, erceivin tho. -I’:
P S! ,
drug was beginning to work. “I want to» _

w.

i you the magical properties of that mirror 6‘
. ‘~ ,0

site to you. ‘Look at"'it-l”
The boys did. They saw reﬂected in it
ﬁlmy curtain which hung behind them j toget

' with their own ﬁgures and that of..Hm-tom

oblongpicture frame, ~hangino:'apparently a a
the wall. «Instead. of 3.‘ canvas picture it:
tairned a light curtain.’ Horton. made a 

denly the curtain was parted, revealing gig,

de., M . —, . «
’ ,The' boys“ so. "'19; handsomely.
eeytu ' ’

. his arm... frhe light curtain was suddenl d

urn
351

 eep.- Both recognized her as Jessie Prescott,
ssed as they had last seen her. They uttered
 lamations of astonishment, and instinctively
arted forward, forgetting that what they saw
cted was behind them. As they did so the

‘ curtain fell and the picture vanished.
gissie,” cried Danvers; “she "_is here after all.”
looked at Horton and noted the sardonic
smile, that hovered on his features. As he looked
mﬁe Resident seemed to grow taller and expand
o gigantic proportions. It was the effect of
e, drug. The same extraordinary sensation was
pparent to Jack, too. They both strove to speak

in-,~cou],d not utter a sound. They seemed to be»
rveless and paralyzed. They saw Horton make ~

‘ ign, and behind each a servant, of grotesque
portions, suddenly appeared and stood as rigid
a aistatue. ‘
 hen the room, of mirrors appeared to takeron
ion and begin to move around. Faster and
aster it went and their senses went withit.
ey experienced a sensation of falling-down,
down to aninternﬂhable depth. ‘But their hear-
» still seemed to be clear for they distinctly
rd Horton say:
Bind them hand‘ andvafoot ‘and hear them across’
ebriver to the -foot on the deadly upas tree.

here leave them that they may perish by _its ‘,

oisonous exhalations. Thus I rid myself of those
'ose knowledge is dangerous to my interests.”

_ As his voice died away, darkness, thick as a

funeral pall, appeared to settle around the boys

._On the following morning the sun rose clear
d bright upon a deserted and verdureless track
gqﬂground that stretched west from the bank ‘of
 Jaccatra River to a succession of hills run-
"tlinginearly north and south. The only live things
’a't”relieved' t monotony of the landscape were

number‘ of 1L1':;as trees growingyabout at wide‘

These alone seemed to thrive inthat
sterile" neighborhood. They stood like tall sen-
” ard, /their sinuous, trunks bare of
s,’ whi e, numerous branches, covered with
ading leaves, shot out in all directions from

tops. _ i
the foot of one of these trees on the lee-

side, about half a mile from the river, two»

sflioy shsforms lay stretched out, motionless as the

eiabove them. The reader will recognize them,‘

‘f§"‘..lack Saunderand Sid Danvers. Acrossthe

art-like tract came anintelligent-looking J ap,c

g ahead of him a donkey carrying two

' y loaded’ panniers. When he passed close

e of the upas trees he kept his animal to the

’ ard of it. His course ledphitn ‘close to the

'3. icular ,tree under which the boys lay; He

, de m_ effort to avoid the tree, --and ﬁnally got ’

.to it. ._ . ,  , ,
hen it was that his sharp eyes spied the two
s.»T He uttered, an exclamation and.«halte,d.'the
key. Taking a sharp stake, to which was at.-
" ’ a. line, while the other end,encircled the

neck,;fro'm its back,‘ he drove’ iteinto the

thusivtethering the animal in a moment.

my pping 5, piece of ;cloth.abouti his: nose’.

iidthen all became a blank to them.  _. '

. . “Carried, there!

I and month he went to the spot where the 

were and taking Jack in his arms bore him to the‘

other side of the tree. He repeated the perform:
ance with Danvers.

‘Then’ he knelt beside them‘
and felt of their hearts.
took from a small pocket in one of the panniers
a bottle containing a reddish liquor. .
He pbured some of this down the throat of each,
of the boys. It produced no effect whatever on,

either of them. The, Jap looked at the donkey.
and seemed to be considering some problem. Fiﬁ-.
nally he got up and after much trouble bound the.‘

boys on the animal's back, their legs hanging over
the panniers.
started the donkey‘ ahead. The donkey seemed

to be overweighted, but he made no kick. The-.

J ap after that allowed the animal to rest fre4

quently, andin -this way they reached the end.

of the desert ‘space’ and entered a tract where

trees and vegetation becamemore and more free '

quent.

Finally, about noon, further progress in the die‘
_rection they were following was
branch of the Jaccatra along which ran a’ weil ‘

reﬁned path. The Jap took the path till he

_ reached a wood where he halted and staked‘théj'
donkey. He removed the still inert. boys and then»

the_ panniers from the donkey’s back, and 2th
animal proceeded in the most contented 'Way't'o’
make a meal off the thick’ grass. Jack new
‘sThowed evidences of returning animation.
all
throat and he opened his eyes.
' “How feel?” asked the Jap. . :
Jack did not answer right away. The factwa
his mind still carried its last thoughts of the room,

'of the mirrors” and he was astonished to 

himself in the open air in broad daylight.

“Hello,” he exclaimed, sitting up, “how came I’.
- here? "Where am I anyway?” , ~ ’ '

“Much better, eh?” grinned the Jap. 
“Better? What was the matter with me?” ’
“Upas,” replied the Jap. .
That was the Malady word for poison.
IL"‘Upas!” ejaculated Jack. “What
ean?” ' ~ '
“You not know upas tree kill?” _ V
“N o. What have I got to do with the upas tree

do 

anyway?” -

.“Me found you and this boy under wrong side
tree. ;Bad place. Sure die in time.
cornfel in Death ¥alley?;’, _ y r

‘ ow. came there. You’ve/got me. I d i
know anything about the valley. Never was i,
the place. Where is it?”~ T —’>

“Me found you both there.” . j

‘fThe dickens you.d_id,” cried Jack, muchysur-.
prilsﬁd at the_1g3fogmat1on. " ' .

e ap no e . « » .

’ ‘:)Wa’lked there in night without knowing,J'me
spse. V  , _ﬂp .

“Walk-ed there in the night_‘.7”'said~Jack. 1“!
we did we must have been tramping in o\,1r~sI'ee
Hold on',”_ as the events of the ‘past evening came
backto him. “I begin to have a suspicion abb
the matter. ,e m$i:10h%:et}:):::n’c_arried'thé
:“.I remember now h_eari-ngaa voice that sound‘
11ke,Horton’s say: ‘Bind them hand and foot i

hear‘ t1rem,yiacross»the ‘river .to.;the ;Afoot_,c~f

Going to the mule he“

Then he pulled up the stake ‘and.

barred by 8,‘

Thég
poured some mor_e of the liquor dtﬁvnhi’s,*

How You

 eadlyiiupas tree. There lea.vie theni 
’ perish by its poisonous exhalations.’ :That

plains the ‘thing. You found us bound‘ hand,

mil foot under-pa upas tree, eh?”
‘Nobind. Quite free.”

.‘That so? Then the ‘rascals didn’t carry out

their orders in £1111."

‘.‘Ras<:a1 ‘put you tlyere, then, eh?” said the ‘Jap,
idently interested.
“Must have,’ for we

n’t dead.”
‘No dead.» Very bad though.
ét w,ell." Full poison.” ,. ,
“That’s ﬁerce. Let's see if we can’t bring him

‘ Fear him not

i around?” .

They worked over Danvers some time and fi-
lly got him outyof his stupor, buhhis: brain was

hrious, and he seemed as weak as aﬂoat. Jack

is‘ head.°He talked in a rambling and discon-

~*riected' manner about the events that had taken’

ace in the room of the~m_irroi-s‘, and‘ his mind
chieﬂy dwelt on the brief view theywhad had of

«stile sleeping Jessie.

“He ought to have a doctor,” said Jack.’ “How

‘far is it to the nea1'-est town‘Z”.

“Sorr‘i)e way. We carry him to my place. May-
. ‘e,’ e
we eat.” . V
"The Jap produced food from one of his.‘pan~
iiiers and oﬁered some of it to Jack. Asthe boy

‘ _' felt hungry he gladly accepted the cheap rations

and made ‘short work ,of the food, after which he
felt better. The panniers were Jhen loaded on the
donkey, Danvers strapped on again, and they pro-
eded on their was .“ They reached the J ap’s
ahitation, a very mble cottage, about sun-
dqwn, and Danvers, who was in pretty bad shape,
as laidvon the cot. Theiiap gave him some medi-
me; and after awhile, he fell asleep, After sup‘-
per.-Vwas over’-Jack and their host 'seaté‘d them‘-‘
ves at the door. A - ’  
The J ap was curious to‘ learn what ‘had brought

:3 ‘boys into that part of the island. Jack didn’t

ink it’ bestétoxell him anyof the real facts, so -

a merely said he and Danverse had come from
Batavia on private business, andhad fallen into
a trap. The,Jap saidhe wouldalook after Dan-

is ‘during the night, 'and,advised‘ Jack" to ‘turn

in on tl'ie'ﬂoor upon a rug; which he provided him
with. The boy wasglad to do so, as he felt
1'/ag'ged out after what he had been through. He
‘was soon asleep, and didn’t waketill the morn-s
‘ ‘gwas well‘ advanced. . _ .  ,

" Danvers was in his right senses, and the Jap
aid hewould get well, but he was so weak and

listless that he ‘coulcln’tveven sit“ up of his own “

accord‘. Jack. seated himself beside him. _
“Feel kind of all in, don’t you, old"Inan?” said
£Tack‘in a sympathizing tone. ‘ ’ 1
Danvers nodded with a wan kind ofsinile.
, A “:§ell,. lggeplup your’ courage. 2
yg ' morrow,» /guess. i
-‘ I" hopeso,”
“These J aps seem _ p _
l a chap up when he’s under the wrgather. .'.I‘h;e
o ' our pins ‘yesterday so that
l as ever, and new thisone

el‘

me ‘that*you?d.;,¢omeriaroun’dall  3‘

231; tlmﬁ.

a. ,1

~ didn't go there ourselives-
 ‘vs! is my friend? He looks pretty_bad. «_I hope

able tofcure him,” said the Jap. “Now '

You'll be around ’

answered’ Sid,i4in\a wavering tone. 1;
to be pretty clever. at patch- a

_ “It’s very unfortunate that Pm knocked
Just when. Jess_ie_ne‘e.ds., my assistance. We
her last nightim I-Iorton’s' house. But ho , 1
pens it that we are in this house? ‘How can:
here‘.'_ Howlong have Iibeen out of*myh“ ii
“Don’t ask so m"any= questions all at‘on¥:,e:
was the night before last that we aid ourj ,
to that rascal Horton. You remain or our
rience in the room» of mirrors, don’t you.?’? “ ..
“Pm notlikelv to’ forget it, for there 1
as in a‘ mirror, my cousin Jessie stretched asl
‘ona divan somewhere.” ’ ' “‘  '
“I saw her, too. That was a little gains
Horton’s. ‘I have tumbled to his crafty.
Thatcoifee we drank was drugged. Wlia . V
we were to fall into his trap! It makes-me V
to think‘ how easy we were. He gave us
at your cousin because he knew ‘we were a
niercy and couldn’t do anything. He meant
we should never return to’ Batavia 'to put,
uncle on the scent. Assoon as we fellfunder
inﬂuenceof the égrug he had us carried across
,. river and‘ left. der one of those poisonous ‘tapas
jtrees, expecting in a few‘ hours we wouldidie W“

the effect ‘of the noxious vapor that the tire ii.

' said to exhale. If that wasn’t 'aidiabo1i‘cal‘p ‘
of work I’d»like to knowwhat is.”‘”’ ,  i '
‘ “Is it possible-?” '

doubt, if this Jap hadn’t come along
donkeyand saved us.”~ ,
“Horton is worse than I ever suspected,”
/ “Worse! Well,‘ say,“ I’ll ‘bet-he can gi
Captain Voort cards and spades in rascalit
 eta}; him to a standstill, and that’s saying‘ xx}
“We must return to Bataviaas soon"
sible,” said Danvers, in an anxious tone.
uncle ought to be back to-day. When we
told him everything about Jessie’s abduction.
make Rome,,howl_ around the ears of Horto ”
“He can’t do it any’ too, quick, for there .13.
‘ saying what Pressure‘ Horton, willbrin to
on our cousin to force her to marry  '
,w, ,’t waste any time in pushing matters, if
doubtless ﬁgures that",everythi'ng- depends o
’ coming her husband in order to save himse 1‘
your uncle’s .~anger/when he ﬁnally learn .,
truth. »It is impossible for you to think of m
the journey tovtown for two. or .thréevdays‘
‘your condition. You can’t afford to take‘~~
chances of a relapse that might prove I‘ tat
you. Now’ there’s nothing"the"matte'1~\ w
I can go just‘as well as not, and explainfma
eveh better than you to your uncle. By the
I getliback we’ll have therhouse down abo j
ton’s furs, and your cousin safe, at liom
“Well, if you are game to do this I shall
.forget;the‘fa.Yor.” - ._ , » p « p
, I’m game for anything that will b1oclcvHo

' scheme and‘sa.ve your cousin.” _ V I

Cl-IAPTER IX——Ja'cl< ‘Mkakesililimsielf linowﬁ
‘ ~ _l * JessieHPrescott..iy.’ ‘ J

I "immediately consulted wii:h’the‘ Ja
how‘ 11 could I¢each"Batavia as soon as:
‘ ” kno un ry ‘N’

  y.1

‘ 'oAPiTAL;

:‘N1¢1>; but  you -give me diregtions I’ll'ge’t along
ow ’’ . ' , .

Muchfffraid you get lost.” . . _

’ll take the ch cesg of ‘at, J1: is ver im-

,, k nt"tha't I reac ‘the town as quick as can

eit.” ‘ I , « -. I‘
‘Better wait two, threedays.” ‘ '

’t do" it. I must go right.away.” , ‘
‘Best. way then you go to Ccbar village on

st where get boat take you‘ to Batavia,”_said

he Ja-p, .- . . ' _
“All right. How will I get‘ to_Cobar?”

~_The 5.513 gave"him the best directions he could,‘

' h were rather indeﬁnite to a-boy‘w‘h’o’knew

‘s ttle about the island as Jack did. Still Jack

‘ad the nerve to try to follow them. The ﬂap

9 dhim that if he didn't go astray he ought to

each the vill-av:e"ov morning, traveling all night.

He was advised not to attempt to stretch matters,

Hbut to .put up. at one of the houses he_,,would ﬁnd

long his route. and continue his journey in the‘,

orning.- He might then expect to reach Cobar

oon next’ day. . _
ack was xilling to adop_t‘the Jap.’s adv1ce,_for
e,jdidn’t know ‘what ferocious animals he might
run up against in the country after dark. So
fter dinner he bade Danvers and the__Jap‘ good-
.and started on his trip. He walked like a good
ellow all that afternoon witl_1out,meet1ng a soul‘,
‘zseeing a house of any, kind; but about sun-
'wn he‘ struck a’ large hut that stood in a clear-
‘ He not no reply to his knocks,‘ so he made

‘‘’He' found that it was inhabited, but/the owner
as away. Being hungry and tired he decided

, _tay ‘there. ‘He found plenty tote-at in ‘the

‘lace, and 'made.no bones ‘about helping himself,
" sting to luck to square himself with the person

0 dwelt there when he got back. He was rest‘-

uig himself insa chair after the meal‘ when he.

" ard sounds indicating the approachof quite a
Glancing from the door he saw afour na-
rbevaring a kind of palanquin. Two men
European-‘dress walked in front or it.’ To his
1;’ rise
as Caspar Horton.‘ - « _- ,  g ‘V
_‘Ge‘e! It won’t do for him to catch _me here,”
aek ejaculated. “He.w_ou1dn’t do a_ thing’ tome.
hat shall\I
mg‘ seen. _
impose they should_ stop here?_
in "some place -to hide,” __
l he only available place was a narrowspace
een a cot insthe corner and the -wall._ He
ezed himself in there and awaited results.

Well,.maybe they'll pass by. vBut
I must try and

I palanquin was“ brought to a halt before they

 of the hut"‘and Horton and his major-.don(1o,
tour, entered. They looked around the single

, the house contained. ' ~
‘There seems to be nobody‘he2,je,” said Hor-
“,‘so .we. might -as wellytake possession.

'y~place and needs..rest_and refreshment.”

ﬁlestepped outside ‘and gaveisundfy directions -
s servants. 3A hamper of provisions was un‘- '

I ped from the bottom. of the palanquin. and

_.i’ed' into jthe hut; . ‘»The‘ servants got bus'3<N'pre.~ V

" its _contents ~_,f
 , dy 

and consternation he recognized ioneof,

do?’ I can’t leave the hut without ‘

The .

‘ 1 » ingplace.
or is wearied with the journevfrom my coun— _

V - . themselv,es,.

ONEI

obeyed, but refused ‘to let him help her out; I L

" native girlgot out and followed her intothe hi tr" ‘

, Jack was greatly astonished to see Danver.
.cousin there. and 4at‘ once jumped to the con’;
clusion that Horton had learned of the disappear?‘
ance of himself and Sid from under the upas tree,
and fearing complications in the event of their
return to Batavia, was removing Jessie, to an
other hiding place. . — - 1:
‘‘It’s a good thing I came this way,” h,e,.thoug‘l'it.‘
“I’ll follow Horton and his crowd when they!‘ .
sume their march, and ﬁnd out where he is taking
thegirl to.’ ‘Then I’ll be" able to put her father
on to the place?’ ' ' ‘ ~ ‘

From his place of concealment jack was.,able' V

to note all that occurred in the room. V The native
maid conducted Jessie to the only chair in the but
and she sat down. folded her hands inher lap and
look-"d anywhere but at Horton. The girl brough
her food and drink and she‘ accepted it, but she a
very littlejand appeared to be indifferent to Ho 4
ton’s evident interest in her Behalf.  g ‘
“It is useless for you to combat my wishes, Mia
Prescott,” said Horton, in an important tone.
“You must realize‘by this time that you are,com'
pletely in my power, and you areonly making
yourself unhappy to no purpose. I oii’e1~'you'h6.t';-
orable "marriage, and a position in Javanese so
ciety that_wil1 make you the ‘envied of all‘ wome‘ ,
in Batavia, the capital city. What more could
you ask?” __ ~ if
“I don’t ,,wish to talk with you on the subj
Mr. Horton,” replied the girl, in a digniﬁed to.
“You have hadthe only answer I can give ya’
and if },.u were a gentleman you would have ac
ceptcd it and not. persecutedme with attentions
that are distasteful to me. ‘Whatever I my has;
thought of you previously, your present condu
toward me has incited a feeling of contempt and
aversion for you. You may be able/co kee In
prisoner for some time, but you-neve1j‘wil)I be
able to make me accept you as a husband.’-’ . i
.‘‘We will see," replied Horton, biting his lips.
angrily. “I have never yet been balked in an
purpose‘I have undertaken, and I do not expect.‘
fail this time.”. V _ .
“Every person has their limit, andyou will? ﬁnd
that you have reached yours ‘this time.”  I
“I do not agree with you,” replied Horton, ‘with?
a tantalizing laugh. 1 - ‘
“Itis a matter of indifference to 1'ne'whetheI_‘
you agree with me or not, the result will be just
the same.” 3 ' ' ' 1' r 
“This exhibition of spirit on your part makes?
you ‘all the more charming, and only serves to
crease my resolution to make you.my wife.”_ . _
J essie"curled.her lip and turned her head -aw y,
irefusingto notice any further remarks he ad.-
-dressed toher. * , » .
“She’s a spunky girl,” thought Jack, in hish
“I wish Ifsaw some way of rescu
her from his clutches. At any rate I intend
shadow this bunch to the hiding place’Horton,:s
"taking Mi-ss Prescott to, and then I'll decide'wha;"
I shall. do next.” : . I .~ ’ i ‘
Horton and Latour walked outside "after
had partaken. of somefof the food, while the ,
.van_ts repacked whatwas left over,’ after helping
and carried’ the hamper back to

ﬁpa‘1anqu,i1i\.i The didn vcome backisoﬁessi
alon ’  ’ '- P I i

  

  
    
  
 
    
 
 
  
 
    
   

is ‘ S CAPITAL,-

  

: ~ his head in at the door and called the native.girl
‘ ‘outside, probably to give her some instructions.

" sul’s daug ter know that she had a friend near
ruiho was ready to take chances in her behalf.
‘It Was a rather risky thing for him to attempt,

‘maid. or perhaps Horton himself, might re-enter
 the hut. But Jack was a nervy lad, and Jessie's
’ " predicament appealed to him. Accordingly, after
 a cautious glance at the door, he said, in a low
‘ tone: - /
" “Miss Prescott.”

prise and looked in the direction the voice had
W come. She saw Jack’s face on a level with the
top of the bunk. / . ‘
I‘5Don’t speak,” he said, cautiously.
, is Jack Saunders, and I’m a friend of your

,cousin, Sid Danvers. We both started odt to res-
‘ r‘cu'_e you, but the wound Sid got the night you
were abducted has obliged him to uit for a day
ortwo and I have come on alone. e discovered

“My name

‘house, and we went there with the intention of
taking you home if we could get you away. Hor-

‘purpose failed. If your father hadn’t been out
of town on business, and therefore Ignorant of
’ what happened to you, things, no doubt, would
have been different. At any rate he ought to be
back in Batavia by this time, and I was on my
way there when I came across this hut. I was
about to go on when Lsaw Horton and his party
approaching with a palanquin. For good rea-
, .ison's'I didn't want him to discover me so I hid be-
I hind this bed.‘ I am taking a big‘ risk in making
my .‘»presence here known tto yt:1u,1but I) wanlted 
tell ou that you have a, rien c ose y w 0 W1
stanil by you to the limit. I mean to follow when‘
Horton and his companions resume their march
‘with you so as to ﬁnd out where they are taking
you to. As soon as I spot the place I’ll see if I can
rescue you. If I ﬁnd it too big; a job I shall make
‘gheéhbestltime I can t3\Batavia and notify your
a er were you are. I = '
, Jessie listened eagerly to the boy’s words. She
‘ /felt greatly encouraged tolearn that she had a
7 diriear at hand. — / .
— “I thank you, Mr.‘ Saunders, for the interest
you are taking in me," she replied in a low tone.
,‘«‘Wliatever you do for me my father and myself
will fully appreciate. I am very happy to hear

  
  
 
   

_.a

F

   

~:< man who shot at him. I have worried much’ over
3,;-. the uncertainty of his fate. . As you are onl .9116
against many I do not think you can do an mg
forme yourself. The best thing you can do will
he to hasten to Batavia and tell my father where
these people are holding me prisoner. He will
take means to save me.”
; ' ‘_.-‘Hush!
ingvout, of sight. _ _ ._ ,
I A moment later the native maid re-entered. ,
i“I-Iis excellency is waiting for you to return to
palanquin, miss,” she said,_respe_ctfull.y.
essie rose and accompanied her outside.mAs;
soon as she and the maid had taken their places
7‘ o more in the palanquin, the servants -lifted it
 walked on into the thickening gloom, re-
hyxﬁorton and Latour. .  Haz-

  
  

  

     

  
 

 

-Jack thou ht he saw a chance of letting the con- .

' since he could not tell at what moment the native '

The girl started with an exclamation Of ‘Sl1l'- .

that you had been taken to, Horton’s country_

ton, however, proved too much for us, and. our.

that my cousin Sid was not seriously hurt by the -

Some one is coming,” said Jack, duck- ~

‘ vaults. Of course they vmustihave taken

I artfully con_struct_ed,,in thehase of. the id
~ operated by a ‘hidden spring. ‘
had; ey, A

 

   
  
 

., 

one DIM

  
     
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
  
    
   
  

 

,\.

gotlout "of sig t of the hut when Iack left it and“
- hastened to fo low on their trail.’ _ ‘.

CHAPTER X—The Vaults of the "Old Idol Hose,

 

Jack found no diﬂiculty in following Hortoifs '
party, as they did not.go fast. The gloomof "’
night. covered his own movements, and, to a. cerg ‘
tain extent, hid the palanquin and its bearers ’
from him, butthe sounds the bunch made enabled;.
him to keep track of them. They followed:s'.f
beaten track that led across a wooded coufitry,,,"
and did not halt, for at least two houfs. "Then
Horton gave the bearers a rest of about twenty
minutes, after which the journey was resumed. _

-“This is where Horton is goin to get left for.
once in his life,” soliloquized Jac , as he trudged ;
on a short distance behind, the palanquin. “He .
thinks he is taking Miss Prescott to a place wher
her father willbe unable to trace her. ,It is no . '_
unlikely that he would succeed in doing this if‘ I?
hadn’t accidentally been on hand at the hut when .
he and his party stopped there. No matter where ‘
he takes her I shall shadow him, and when I’ﬁnd ,
out his hiding place I will have scored the most ‘
important point in the game. She’s.a mighty ﬁne‘
girl, and I should like to know heribetter. If‘,I
could rescue her myself it would make me solid
with her and her father, too, not to speak of Si 5‘
with whom I stand pretty well. With a capit
of only one dime in a strange country I am doin
pretty well sofar.’ I haven’t suffered to any‘?
great extent. I guess I’ll still have my capital in-
tact when I leave the island, for nobody is_ like _
to accept it for anything, for. it, wouldn’t be much
use to them.” ‘ ,

Midnight came and the Horton party. madefa
second pause for rest. Jack crawled up close un-
der the shelter of the bushes, and squatted dawn.
to rest, -too, though he did not feel particular
fatigued, for he was a strong and muscular la 1‘
As he sat there Horton and Latoigr drew near- ‘ ‘

“How much further is this ruin, the ..vault, ,
which you have represented as being a safe“-—
comfortable place to keep Miss Prescott in unt'~_
the hue and crv caused by her disappearance has
quieted down?” asked Horton. .

“We should reach it before dawn. 'It‘is at p ,
head of a wide inlet, about three miles from:t “
village of Cobar. No one ever goes near
Many years ago it was an idol housevof .a colon -_
of I-Iindoos. The gigantic idol, cut (out of s "
rock, still remains in all its original ugli

     
 
  

  
  
     
 

   
  

       
     
  

      
   
   
  

   
  
    
 
 
 

  
   
   
   
  

 
   

about it. ‘
vaults lay‘« under it where the priests of , _ '51;
pagoda lived in the days of the idol’s usefulness,
I also heard that when the J avanesaattacked : -e
destroyed the house, and defaced the idol, as in i
as they could, the priests hid a fortune in pre ‘
stones that had adorned the idol -somewhere in

    
     
  

      
  
 

  
  

awayat some subsequent time. I learned tha I
entrance to thevaults was through a secret;
0 :.

   
   

So when
the SP us. At

   

the ‘ruins hunted

    
 
   
  
    
 
  
    
   
  
 
  
   
  
  
    
   
  
  
    
  
 
   
    
     
    
 
    
  
    
 

CAPITAL,
” ed to promise a fruitless search I accidentally
discovered it. Thus I» was enabled to penetrate
i'nto.,the vaults which I found handsomely fur-
hed just as‘ they had been vacated by the.
 heats years ago. They are well ventilated by a
quecontrivance connected with the hood of the
xi 1." You can safely leave the young lady, \Vl_fh
er maid, and one man servant to procure supplies
in the village when‘needed, for an indeﬁnite
.I¢« ,e in these vaults, and defy the most skilful!
,§1euths‘in the world toﬁnd her. At this moment

gocation of the secret spring‘. I will disclose the
r ing to. you and whichever servant you ecide
i leave here with the women. This will enable’
u to come and see the young lady whenever you
li "to do so. When she realizes that she is
caged beyond all chance. on rescue she, will prob-
? ably consent to marry you.” ‘ ” _
 “Good,” replied ‘Horton, in a tone of satisfac-

tion. “The vaults will be just the thing. Are
.- sure there is’ no other Way of getting i1l.t0
em except through the secret dooi‘ in‘_ the base of
he »idol‘.7-” I ' _ ,, I‘ ' _,

?That is the only entrance. A searchin party
jaware of theexistence of the _vaults_, and s spect-
fthat the young lady was hidden in them, could
ch‘ her by tunneling through th_e mound On.
hich the ruins stand; but’that is a contingency
' 411 hardl need fear.”_ ’ '_

"“If I find these vaults all that you have said
 are I will reward you handsomely, Latour,
or helping me carry out the greatest desire of
my ife,” said Horton. I

““.I' do not ask any reward,‘ your excellency,”
Ieplied Latour. “I am perfectly satisﬁed with the
eiriiineration and treatment I am receiving at
ours hands.” I _ ‘ _ _
_Nevertheless I consider this as a special evié
ence of your loyalty to my interests. alld 13 W111
 that you are suitably srecompensed; By the
layydid you send a man across the rive:-,to see
ether those boys were dead?" . V _
did, but he had not returned up to the time
. et out. If the servants who took them over
ht before last faithfully carried out your or-

you may restassured that they were dead by:
_ erday noon.” I
‘ hope so. They knew too much for my safety
‘had-to die, otherwise I had nothing against
em. _. It was the chap named Saunders who was

more dangerous of the two, but I hadtoltreat
em both alike, as Saunders had madia Sidney
-  vers fully acquainted with all the facts he had
'dentally learned.” .

“Well, they are out of your-way now,” said La-
,.“Few people pass through that desert
ct, and none go near enough to the upas trees
see what is under ‘them, so the. bodies of those

fwill lie and bleach in the sun until nothing
ii;nains‘of them but their skeletons.” *

     
    

  

  

  

   

/gone and that is the’ end! of them. -‘We had,
proceed now as the men have rested long

said Horton. l

 
   
    

ii‘ We

" 1‘! was resumed, and Jack fell’ in behind as

e ,Dawn".Was_ju$t breaking when the ruin

ii. ghtrat the tQp',0f a.,b pﬁ rising ground
he uile - ei I

  

' ing back, for she did not like the looks of things.-

‘I;et us not talk about them any longer. They ‘
march toward the ruinof the old Hjndoo ,

by Latour. 1.

 .  I
w
Q

QNE DIME

 
   

There was‘ very little of the original buildingleft,
merely sections of the stone walls ere andvthero‘ -
hidden under a rank growth of wild shrubbery,' ,
but the gigantic idol, rudely formed out of a tow- . ‘ 
ering rock that had existed for centuries, rose 
‘ into the air in all its defaced ugliness. The _ —
palanquin was halted in a clear spot at the en-, V‘;
trance of the ruin, and then Horton and Latour, A.
went forward alone. ‘ » - ‘ 
The rapid approach of daylight prevented Jack : 2 ‘
from making his way into the ruins save at a risk -I J’
of discovery greater than he cared to take. Ho 
was anxious to ﬁnd out where the secret, sprihﬁ , ~. '
that operated the hidden door was located. Wit - .
that knowledge in his possession, after the ,de'p9,r- ‘I
ture of Horton and his party, save the maid and
one male servant, he felt that he would soon  
able to revue Jessie Prescott. He felt quite able" , L
to cope with one man, As for the maid she . '
didn’t count at all in his ‘calculations. He worked
himself as near the ruin as he ‘dared 0, -but could
not command a view of the rear of t e idol, and
it was to the rear that Horton and E“atou’r had
gone. ‘ I I 
They were absent a good half hour. ‘Then Horst‘
ton appeared alone and walked to the palanquin’. , 
He called on Miss. Prescott and the maid to alight‘ 
»and picking out one —of the servants ordered thd .
three to precede him into the ruins. ' . I
“Where are you taking me?” asked Jessie, hold-

  

 
 
   
 
 
 
  
  
        

“To a place where» you will be perfectly safe .
and comfortable -until you consent to make me the
happiest of men,” replied Horton, in a tone~th'at,"
showed he felt he was master of the situation.’ I 1 H,

“I won't go,” she cried, turning and making a.--I
_dash for -the path. ,

He was too quick for her, however. catchin
her by the wrist he threw his other arm aroun _ I
her lithe body and swung her oﬁ’ hensfeet. .She -- "

‘uttered a thrilling scream. A I . 

“Scream as much as you please, Miss Pres- .‘
cott, it will do you no good in this deserted lo- I
cality,” he said, with a short laugh. “You are’ r
going where no one, were he backed by -the entire
population of the island, could find you. But.
you need fear nothing for no harm will befall 37011.
You shall have everytliing but liberty-—and that "
V?“ Pe,$’0ui~s when you say the one littleword
1 es‘ 2 V I _,

He forced her struggling form toward the rear‘ 
of the idol’s base. Jack had been a witness to the
scene, and his blood boiled at the‘ indignity offered .
this young American girl in his presence. «Had -.'_
he. seen the ghost of a chance of saving her he 
would have dashed forward and struck Horton to ~
the ground. But he knew’ there was no chance 
of rescuing her in the face of such odds. TvoIsa<i'~'
riﬁce himself to no purpose would only defeat
the advantage he had gained in discovering this, I.
hidingxplace and seal h‘r, fate. So he made not
move, and‘sa_iv Jessie ragged,’ behind the’ idol, ,
and heard her .ﬁna1 scream as she‘ saw she was I
being forced down into some dark passage that‘
ran into the ground. _ V , "‘

Latour held the secret door open for the four"
persons to descend by a ﬂight of stone stepsggn
I then followed himself, lettingit close to after him;
There was no danger of them being buried in ‘tbs:
va111ts”as. he kn.‘ew_where"the spring. was ‘
penedthe door the inside nds adfpoi?

   
  
        
   
   
     
    
      
   
   
     
   
      
 
  
  
 
    

 
 
  

  
    
  
   

  
    
    
   
 
  

    W CaP1T1lL;  s

f‘,Seems to be no go,” he thought,‘ as«he was ’tion‘s,” he soliloquized. “A fellow can’t work 
about to return the shovel to its resting place. any satisfaction on an empty stomach. There are. I
.-i?I:xwonder—if I couldn't bribe her with my cash times when a good healthy appetite like mineis '.
iwptial, one dime. The coin is no use to me in a drawback, and that’s when one ,hasn’t the price w ‘
this benighted land, and I should be investing it of a meal in his pocket. Now I wonder who I can 
‘labia-good cause. I'll try it at any rate.” _ levy on for my grub today. I caii’t strike, the.‘ '“,
, ‘He ﬁshed out the dime, which was a bright, new old man again, for he might think I was tryin '
‘cone, and offered it to the woman. Her eyes . to_force myself on him asasteady boarder. Hello V
sparkled as they rested on it, and she‘ held out What's that drifting in here? Blest if it isn’t a , T
‘her hand for it. Jack tendered it to _her._ She boat. Well, a boat isn’t much good to me unless./- 
looked it over carefully and said something in the I care to row around to the village three "miles  \
Javanese tongue to him. Jack shook his head, - away, and I think I'd rather walk there than do
jot her words were Greek to him. She held the that.” ‘ _ . _ '
V in ‘in her‘ hand, gazing at it ‘eagerly and yet The boat in question slowly ﬂoated into the oove V
“doubtfully. She recognized that it was silver, and and Jack‘ concluded to take possession of it on , r

lver was .a luxury with her. ‘At last she pointed general principles. '  ‘
.30‘. the Shovel and I1,°dded. and taking‘ f3‘0m ‘her ' He_ stepped to the water’s edge and beache‘d,it." 
bosompa small chamois bag dropped the dime into A pair of cars was in it, while in the stern was . * »

P ' _ ' around wicker basket. Jack looked into the 
,n;“There goes my entire cash capital,” thought basket to see what it contained. He felt like ' \
Jack,‘ “and all for the loan of a common, everyday standing on his head for joy.‘ It contained food ‘ 
‘shovel. Well, if it accomplishes what I’m aiming enough to last him for several days, together ‘
at the bargain is a good one for me, while she’ll with a jug of water. ‘
e a dime ahead.” ‘ . “It’s better to be born lucky than rich,” he said.
,”He ‘lifted his hat politely to the native woman, “Some good fairy sentthat to me to help me out
"‘tl11'ew the implement over his shoulder and of my quandary.” ' '
, (arched back for the ruin. By the time he He yanked the basket out of the boat and pro-
Eéeached the mound once more it was too dark to , ceeded to get away ‘with several of the rice cakes
ljegin g operations, so he hid the shovel in. the » and some of the fruit it contained. When he-had
.b3:I:$heS, and started to look for a roosting place satisﬁed his appetite he hid the basket in tho. -
ftdspend the night, in. A hundred Yards aWaY 3- bushes. Then making the boat fast so that it‘ P
small cove jutted into the shore. The bank rose couldn’t drift away when the tideuturnedl he »
’ lithe height Of lihlrty 01' f01‘l3Y feet around It, started for the mound. He recovered the shovel’, “
ad’; widened beyond the entrance into the form and after taking a good look around to make sure
f‘ a , horseshoe. _The upper end Of the bank that no one was in sight to observe his movements,~
{oped inward leaving a place that somewhat re- he began work at that part of the mound he
‘s‘e‘mbled a rocky shed. The ﬂoor of this shed ﬁgured was nearest to the base of the idol.
 formed of soft white sand, like the rest of the , _ V

       
    
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
     
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
 
   
  
   
   
   
  

   
  

 

 

 

5 .

 

ove. - . .
 ‘.‘This' is good enough for me’, seeing that the _ v
eather is warm in.this latitude,” thoughtflack-’ CHAPTER XII.-'—In Bad Hands. -
“He collected a bunch of dry grass for a pillow, V V '  ' A
and peeling off his jacket,_ lay down and threw, J,ac_k made good headway with his work as the '

t across his chest. He didn’t get to sleep for _ morning advanced. forhe had no desire to daily‘ *
me time, as the snooze he had taken during the over it. The dirt that he took out’ of the hole he ‘ ‘
day‘-at the old man’s cottage had ﬁlled the _bill cast first on one side and then on the other till , v
" tty well for him. He lay looking at the Wink- the‘ space in front of the excavation resembled a T
' stars, and thinking of the strange-adventures kind of trench. Whenever he paused for rest he 
A [had been through since he foolishly sailed from took a look around the immediate neighborhood, 
;S_2_i.n Francisco for the Philippines under the im- but always found it deserted. '
gfession that life was easy there andwork a mere _Apparently few persons came that way. Peo ed 
. ‘e issue. _ , , might have passed along the path outside 1: x‘

 j n his thoughts reverted to Jessie Prescott ruin while he was at work and he wouldn’t have
V pin he had set out to rescue. . She was‘ a very know-n‘it. As long as nobody came to investigate‘
. , tty girl and had greatly impressed him. He what he was doing he was satisﬁed. He worked
 anxious to win her good opinion, and he felt steadily until about noon, when he knocked oif for
 of‘ doing‘ that if he could get her out of lunch. He had tunneled about six feet into the
“ E On’s clutches and return her_ to her home in mound by that time, and was pleased to note that
.. The plan of‘ boring his way into the thought the earth was easily removed whenever‘
ound and through the nearest wall oi the vaults he stuck his.shovel into it, it showed no tendency

s.rather quixotic, but on the whole it struck to cave in about his ears, which was something;
as a great scheme. ‘ he had feared might happen. » When he started

t any rate it appearedto be the only way_to for the cove, where‘ he had left the basket at
7 into the place where the girl was held p1_'1s- food hidden in the bushes, he carried the shovel
iuﬁierésince he eould_not discover the hidden spring with him lest some native might come that way
the secret door in, the base of the idol. While I and walk off with it while -he was absent.. He
was thinking the proiect over he fell asleep spentan hour over his nooday meal and thenweiit

did not wake, up till the early rays ‘of the back to.work.. « . , ~ . 7 
g sun ‘fell across his face. ' - ; - _ A couple of hours passed away, and he had?

must have something before I begin’ »op.era'- /penetrated nearly three feetimore into'the;\

 
    
 

     
   

  
    
   

      
     
    
 

    
    
     

    
 

S.
$0

    
   

    
 

      
 
  

  
   
     
    
  
  

   
   

      
 

   

   

     

\

             

    

 

. . ‘When,’ on emerging into the light with a shovelful
- ' of dirt, he was suddenly seized by a stockily-built

' man, the upper part of whose face was con-
cealed by a half mask. The man swung around
and Jack came face to face with three other men,
alt of whom_wore similar masks. Two of them
seemed to be common sailors, judging from their
attire, while the other two looked to be of a
-higher grade.

“Vot you be digging in dot‘ mound for, eh?"
 said the man who had hold of him. "Vot ,you
 looking for?” -

;‘ _v The voice was perfectly familiar to Jack. H8
1 J immediately recognized the speaker as the Dutch
 I opium smuggler, Captain Voort, and he had little
gjdoubt but the man beside him was Jacobs, his
.‘mate. The boy was greatly taken aback at this
'-unexpected encounter, and for 8. moment could

\

 

F_  “Vell, vhy don’d you oben dot mound of yours?”
" j demanded theskipper, giving him a rough shake.
f“For vot reason you are digging. dot hole, eh?”
“What business is that of yours?” demanded
_, p ‘ Jack; boldly, making an effort to shake off the
“ ‘ captain’s grip. - ‘
~ “Ha! You dalk dpt vays to me?” cried the
’ skipper, angrily. “You had better took a reef in
dot clapper of yours.”. -
" "I don’t see why you should interfere with me,”
’ replied Jack. “I have a right to gid a hole in the
-ground if I want to, I guess.”
 “Vel1, I don’t disbuteyour right to dig clot hole
 if it bleases you to done it; but I vant to know‘de
“ reason vhy you make it.” A.
' '~}:.*“I’m doing it for exercise.” ,
,' “You, done dot vor exercise—-nottings else, eh?
, You feel cold, I suppose, und warm yourself ub
‘ dotvay,” he went on sarcastically. “You dink I
 vos porn yesterday dot I swallow such a yarn‘, eh?
 You will answer mine question in de vays~I vant
1'or”——ﬁercely—-—“you vill haf cause to regret it. I
"' _ am not de man to put oop mit back dalk, I ped
 _‘i you.” ‘
, p A “If you don’t believe what I say I can’t help
I ,.,—it',” replied Jack, who knew better than to .en-
J ll-ig)hten the Dutch skipper about the object of his
a or. ' V
 ‘ ﬁ“So, you vill not told der truth? Ve vill see.
 ‘Here, Swiggs und Bummell-——_sei.ze dis poy und
, . ,;hbld him tight.”
1 The two sailors advanced,’ grabbed Jack and
 dragged him back about a yard. .
. “Now, Jacobs, ve vill look into dis hole und see
:’“vot ve can see,” continued the Dutch skipper.
‘While two of the rascals held Jack, Voort and
. Jacobs, his mate, proceeded to investigate the hole
that the boy had excavated under the ruins.
- ,“Vot you make of id?” asked Jacobs. .
“Nothing as yet,” replied the skip.per. .
 I-Ie crawled into the tunnel and felt his way
ialcng’ till he reached as far as'Jack had gone. He
" found nothing to enlighten him as to the boy’s
~.,0b3'ect,in burroying under the mound.- He knew
nothing about the existence of the ‘vaults under
the idol ‘and therefore was quite at sea as to what
the boy was up to. ’

o .

 

 
  
  

 

  

   
  
 
  
 

‘fDere is nottings in dere,’? he said tolhis mate

after" backing out;‘ ‘.‘but‘ dot Dov ainjt doinsz dot

 

I     ;   

I only stand and stare atthe,-four disguisedmen,

-of which looked dark and rippleless.

- bery which masked the opening of a hidden caye

 

 
   

for fun. He has a reason, und I s’a1l found’ 017
011d or blow de top of his head off.” - .  ‘; '
“I don’t see vot he could pe hunding for?” ;_sa,i»gI‘ M
the mate. ' ' V . ii 
“I’d vos somedings vort,’ vhiles or he wouldﬁgt
dook all dot trouble,” replied Captain Voor-
“Swiggs und Bummell,-" he said, turning toﬁhl ,
men, “march dot poy down to de poat. Ve vi 3
dook him to de cape, und den ve ‘(ill see if he  3:;
open dot moud of his in der right vays.” ~' ~ .
Jack was dragged down to the'wat_er’s ed e ‘
with little ceremony and .pulled into a large “row'—. I
boat moored there. Captain Voort and Jacobs, “
followed leisurely. _ , if
“Tie der poy’s hands pehind him,” ordered; the{
ski.pper, “und plindfold him.” i «
Swiggs did this in short order while Bummellv
held him, despite hins struggles. Voort and Jaw’
cobs got into the boat. ' . -

“Push off,” said -the Dutch skipper. — 

Bummell obeyed this order, and the sailors; "
getting out their cars, began rowing the boatiu.
the inlet. In the course of twenty minutes‘, durin
which hardly a word ‘was spoken, the skippte
guided the boat through a narrow opening in th_
face of a rocky bluff. The channel was scarcely
more than twenty feet wide, but deep enou h;-t
ﬂoat a vessel of the tonnage of the Jung ,r _ I
it wound around in the shape of a quarter off? ,5‘
circle and ended in a small deep basin, the water «
The dark
ness was due to the fact that the top of the bluff
was completely covered with a thick growth,o€£
trees, their branches intermingling and archin
l_ikela leafy roof over the pool, shutting ,out"th
sun’s light except when that luminary was direct]
overhead. In the centre of the pool lay Capta‘
Voort’s schooner, moored by lines fore andaft‘;
close to the rocky wall opposite the entrance’ 6
the channel. ’ ' ~ *' -' 

A rock shelf almost touched her side amidshi. ,3

 

 
  
 
  
   
 
  

 

O

 

land ﬁfteen feet or so above the shelf was-a roe

projection covered with a thick growth of ‘shrub

beyond. ,

A thick beam, movable at will, projected eve
the top of the bushes, and from this hung arop
and tackle. Swiggs and Bummellrowed the ho
alongside the schooner. ' _ , ~“'

“Hoist him oop,’¥ said. the skipper. 

J ack, was yanked on board like a sack of 
Captain Voort clapped his mate on the shoul,
and pointed to the bushes. Jacobs seized ;tf
hanging rope and went up like a'monkey, ha "
over hand. As soon as he disappeared thrcif
the shrubbery_ the skipper followed him. Staiﬁ
ing with his head thrust through the bushe
captain ordered -the two sailors to send the ,
up. They tied a rope under Jack’s arms, s""
the, hook of the tackle-block into it, and‘ hat}
away. I , 

“Where in thunder am I going to?” mutteﬁ
thelad as he rose into the air. Being blindfol,
he had no idea of the situation. Presently he Ewa,
grabbed by the skipper’s sinewy arms and hat; J
inside after the fashion of a’ bale of goods.-

The hook was detached and the skipper. pu

 

.him before him through arocky passage, up
h

ended" in a". rogmywavern, furnished, wit-,~

3:. , ,

  
 

    
  

oden benches and’ a 1ong.table, and populated
75 “ half a dozen hard—look1n ‘men-—the magor
 of the crew of the smugg ing schooner. '_1‘he
were lounging around, smoking and drinking,
hil ?two were playing cards for small stakes.
he entrances to two other caverns were to ‘be
at the back. The place was lighted by, or-
ary reﬂector lamps attached to the walls; Be-'
fiige one of these lamps hung a large wooden
clock of American manufacture. A single chair
’stood~at.the head of the table. This was only
sedby Captain Voort. _ ,
"‘l cobs, tie de poy to clot chair,” said the

 
     
   
  

     
 
   

ll:o;it._, The skipper stepped up and tore the cloth
,_ om*the,boy’s eyes, revealing to him all that we
have just described.’ Voort then rolled a big
mpty keg’ in front of Jack, sat on it and-drew
_ volver fromhis pocket. ’ . ‘-

‘‘ _ook~at dot clock,” ’ he ‘said pointing to the

    
  
   

Now you villi

‘und before de clock strikes He hour or by.
me1.I pu a pullet int dot head of yours.” ‘
ptain Voort cocked ,1-he revolver and looked
if he meant what he said. '

 
   
 
    
   
   
     
     
     
     
       
   

‘ 7' PTER XIII.——Boring His Way to Fortune.

t,,wastheA most sternuous moment in Jack's“
Captain Voort sat and glaredat him, while

 
    

,, nterest. Jack never thought quicker in -his
re‘ «If he told the; truth it would doubtless be
« .to Jessie Prescot,t’s interests,» for;he believed
" the’ Dutch skipper would immfediatelvy take‘
‘ to notify Caspar H0.1‘t0n',,of his ‘efforts. to.

   
   
   
 
     
      
     
  
    
     
    
     

a heihad in some wa escaped death through:
‘e pas»tree,.a.nd woul lose notime in making
‘er,‘and»surer effort to get rid of him; What
tory‘ could‘ he tell that would have the
, truth? As his mind was reaching out
ail sidesfor an idea a shrill whistle suddenly
',"/ded“ through the cavern.‘ Captain Voort
" on. his feet, with an ejaculation,’ and
man in the place became suddenly.» on the

Jack was completelyjforgotten, for the?

  

   
  

  

an onjlookout above, who hadcome to. the
'e,ntr7an‘ce’ of one of the ‘caverns! beyond» and
ed it asga preliminary intiomatinn that there,
omethinginzthe-wind. " ' j ~ “

‘skipper started for‘ the rear cavernrto meet
koutvman andlearn from him the exact

   
  
  

  
  
    
  

during which Jacobs, and ‘chef
athered together in a, group and talked

  
 
 

, struckfour, butﬁrw one paid any atten-
the"fact,~nor tothe boy. either.‘  _ "  .
l;coufid- only get loose Itmzghtbe

 

 _ ‘y.‘cA::P1rAi;,

‘ ing it necessary under the circumstances, for the

” tothe chair was but thework of a few moment

per. i i  A. g
ack was forced into the seat and promptly tied

' saw that they were deeply interested in canvass-,

' cave.

ld me de reason vhy you dig dothole in dex

, they were ﬁlled with smuggled. opium, ready to b

 and the crew regarded him with curiosity " .
._shoot me as quick as a wink.” ' ..

one the girl,’ and thus Horton would -ﬁnd‘ out‘ ‘ V
"and " sank down into the straw.’ Hardly had’he
Waccomplished this move than the ‘Dutch skipper’

i did so he meant to sneak up the steps and make‘
a his escape if the way was clear.
i the men who were there into the storerocm, ,
leuwas’ recognized as a danger “signal from,

-, bundles in a lively fashion. As ‘fast as they were... ;
’ loaded‘ the covers were nailed, on and a couple '9

 

of-L the danger that threatened; He‘ was ,

g  the box.’ _
33339 that W35 Zf01’9igﬂ ‘$0 Jackis ‘9aTS- ' thtérlce through the passage to the opening ‘covere
4 been hauled, through the bushes af_ter"he” ~
; hoisted. 

 

,~a_\

 
 
    
     
      

oNEnIME        

“his ‘claspknife, openthe blade with the help‘ of
his teeth and cut his bonds in a jiffy. _ 
 With that purpose in view he tugged and»
strained at the cord that held his arms in limbo
behind the back. Swiggs hadn't made a first

class ‘job of it in the boat, probably not consider.-

 
 
  
 
  
  
   
     

boy had a very small chance of getting away fro
the four of them even if L his arms were free.

Jack soon loosened the cords so that he was
able to_ draw out his right arm. Toget out hi
knifefopen it and hack at the rope that held hi

   
      
         
  

andin less time than it has taken us to describ _
his efforts he wasfree and ready for his neat’
move. ’ o  .,

Glancing at Jacobs and the bunch of sailors h "

    
   
       
  
  
   
  

ing the cause of the alarm. As cautiously as pos- g
sible theboy, sank to the ﬂoor, and putting the” " _
table betweenhimself and the opium smugglers
he made for the opening leading into the. nex
Passing into the inner cavern he found i
a sort of storage room for a lotof small bundle
resembling the Chinese bombs he had seen sold‘
in ‘San Francisco around the Fourth ,of July, only
they were abouttwice the size. Jack judged that)

  
  
 
 
 
  
 

disposed ofywhen the proper time came. Besides
the bundles there were several oblong boxes the.
looked suspiciously like old—fashioned ‘coiﬁns, and-
a large‘ crate full, of straw. . W _' V

Knowing that he had no time to lose Jackiwas
about to ascent the steps when he heard Captai
Voort’s voice, and then heavy steps at the top" 0
the stone ﬂight that indicated he was coming back.

“What increation will I do?" he asked himself.-,
“I -can’t.tac1<le«him even alone with an evenchance
of coming out ahead, for he’s armed, and would

    

Jack was at his wit’s end when‘ his eyes’ fen‘ .~
.the- crate. _.It was the only place‘ in which he
could hide, and quick as a ﬂash‘ hepopped into it

   
  

    
   

came into the store‘;-eoom. Jack expected he wouldj
pass on into the main cavern, and the moment he

‘ Captain Voor
however, didn’t go into the other cavern but call; _‘
'1‘. o
skipper’ issued an order in a foreign tongue. ;The,
boxes that looked like coffins were hauled out, and
into them the sailors began to pack. the sma '

  
 

   
  
      
     
  
   

men» disappeared withgthem up the st<—.p.~r. .Th'e
skipper stayed in the cavern the whole time and"
bossedthe job, with Jacobs ‘to help, the good wor

along.’ Thenghe followed’ {the last box up “
steps ‘and »Jack;w’as left! alone *injthe‘plac,e.*
soon’ as he was Slire of thatfact he jumped on
He-‘darted ‘into the'front“:ave‘rn '

 
 

  
  

with bushes. ‘ Only’ that he ‘remembered «having;
, a he Dmbably would havepu hed-
thrﬁggh th jbled, .

  

.1‘ _ ; . 

 
  

 _ h ‘ ‘   CAPITAL, loNV’a‘niME_’

‘I

     
  
 
 
  
 
    
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
 
   
      
   
    
   
 
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
     
  
    
   
 
  
  
  
     
 

e therefore advanced: cautiously, holding on -to He crawled «forward and felt ‘of theiobstructfohs
‘the projecting beam to which the tackle was at“ It was stone beyond a'doubt.. Strikingua maltchr.
» tached. In this way he saved himself from a heilpulled the dirt away from around the placezis
terrible and unexpected fall. He soon get the la much as possible, and his sharp eyes detected that
of the place and saw the basin with the schoone the mortar in which the stones were embedd,
" in it below. As far as he could see she appeared was loose and crumbly.» ‘ - * " *‘

  
  
   
   

-, , to beideserted at that moment. Under her stern “I believe I can easily loosen them,” he sai
’_. ﬂoated the rowboat‘ in whichhe had been brought “At any rate I intend to make a big eifort to 
'tothe smugglers’ retreat. v so. This tunnel is mighty hot and stuffy. _

 

‘.‘If '1 can reach that without being seen I ought must get a whiif of fresh air before I begin opera-

’ easily to be able to make my escape out into the tions on the stone wall.” A ' __
A 13191;," he thought, He crawled out into the night andbreathed in
' As there seemed to he a good ‘chance of his _the.deli'cious breeze that was blowing from-'up‘thé,
. 'fdoing“so, and every moment counted, he seized the lhlet f1'°m the 0999-11 bl‘: °1l‘l- Revlved and, 179.». , ~
\ ghahging rope’ swung out on it, and sud down to vigorated by‘ the fresh air he.return_'ed to the‘ head
 r ’sh£1f bah)“; in’ 3/ 'jﬁ' _ Ste in cautious] of the tunnel and with theaid of his knife bega A
the J 3' pp g Y . . -

, .a oard the Jung Vrow he Slipped over to her an attack in the dark on the old mortar that held

 
 

 

"1 V cm, dro ed into the boat, out the line loose the 5.t°l,le5 t°g°th€1‘- The Stulf yl.°l‘le‘l t°‘hl5:
“>7 Ztrabbed apgair of oars and began to pull for thd ell°1'l7S hke l,l9-51195 Of dried l1.11tFY- 111 half 9-1.1'h°l11‘~
l entrance to the channel. He reached it’ without he had the St011e_he W8-_S W01’l<1_1_1,8' 011 30 l.°°S6 171.1373
raising any alarm, glided aroundinto its narrow he W35 able *9 ‘l1Sl°:°>,'e ll‘ f1‘°m lts Pl?“ Return‘.
“course and then bending to his oars pulled as hard 1118 '90 0P€11 9-11‘ 833111 fQ1‘ 3 few 1111111388 ,1le"’Sal5
, . as he could. After swingin around the arc of a‘ ‘l°W11 3«l3_l?h9 entrance 150 the tllhhel and C01l Val-‘r
’  circle he saw the broad iiﬁet before him- His lllated hlmself 011 the remal‘-kahlé 51101335 0 sh"
7heart now beat with satisfaction, for he felt sure \ Work S0 f3«1'- He thought how 8‘1’8t8f11l.-TBS
 1 héhad outwitted the utch skipper and his crew. P1‘9SC°'9t W°11l<l_he to him When-he 1‘eSl'r°1‘€d her ._
_ .uCaptain' Voort wit have 3 ﬁt when he“ dis- freedom of action, and eventually’ to her fa_theij’sf
covers that I have got away,” he soliloquized, as a1‘111S- , '  v *
. lite pulled along the inlet, close in to the base’ of Perhaps ‘he indulged in a; little sentim ’ t’ '
’ the bluffs that extended for perhaps a quarter of connection with the girl. If he did, he in y,
 ~’ a mile north of the entrance to the basin, gradu- excused,’ for she was a lovely girl, and boys of ‘h
 ‘ally decreasing in height till they merged into age are naturally susceptible to the charms of
‘thel ﬂat shore, “I dare. say l;i.e’ll hunt for me attractiveiyounglady just seventeen. Fully,‘
after a whilegif his attention isn't otherwise taken hour passed away before he resumed work on {E
. 'up, but he won't look for me to return __to the wall. He had to do a lot more digging to ma
x (mound, so that is just th'e place I'll make for, and the way clear so as to be a le to get at a largj
) U resume my digging, £01; I mustn’t let the grass space ofthe stone obstructi n. The seoondrstdn
 grow under my feetiif I’m going to bore my way, came out much easier than the first, because“/he‘
 ke a mole, intothe vaults where Miss ;Prescott had only half as much labor to put on it‘, an

  

 

  

 

     
 

   

 
 

is conﬁned.” - , , could work to better adigantage. _ I V
V _, In due time and without seeing any one along _ The ‘third was easier still, and When’ he P11 '
. , the shore, Jack reached the scene of his iahor, it out that section of thewall was weakened,‘
;. i‘ am hiding the boat in the cove resumed his dig- that half 9 dozen of the stones fe11f9r1ack‘-of 7
ging till the sun set, when he knocked oil" for sup- P01‘l'«_- 140059111113 ‘another 11111191‘ §l?°11e P 
" er. The night as usual was a ﬁne one, the sky ‘ 56051011 9f the Wall fell 3113-Tl?» l>l0°lﬂ11811P l3h9.lv1°l
ingbright with stars, ,and not feeling sleepy he ' he had ‘111P«1le- ‘ Jack Struﬁli 3 match and 190.

- concluded to go on with his digging for/an hour at the W1‘eCl<-  ‘xi  h
‘or-two at any rate. “I’m glad I wasn’t trying to get through th
He could not have worked with greater zest l1°l° Wl"°",_tl‘al" stuff gave way‘ Pd l13V¢‘7f
"had be known that he was boring his way to a caught fasn-and pretty well mashed up. ; I we ~
Lfortuiie, which was an actual fact, strange as the ?Vhe1_1 l Push ghgs debris out Of‘ the Way 1f 11103;;
‘ fact may seem. All unconscious of the good luck ll? Wlll f°ll0W- 4 ‘ _ _ '  ‘
that was before him he shoveled away likea good BY -degrees he Pushﬁhd _l7he 01.395 111-‘lldie 
fellow, increasing the depth of the hol_e a hoot at. he -Presumed W85 3 SeCl71°11, 0f the Y3-ultsvf 1'1 ,
. atime and then hauling the dirt out into the open llhalll’ Opehed “P 3‘ h°le Plenty large enough '1'
" air to make room for further progress. His eager-- crawl l?h1’°1-1gh- _ ; _  \; ,  ~
~ ness to reach “the goal of hisyefforts caused‘ him Bef°1'e attilmptlhf’ S,“°l_l 9: thlhg _l18ht.°<l
I '-to pr0hmg.his Work much beyond the time he had other match and he d it inside. Looking sh _
calculated to devote to it before turning in for the around 117 he saw 3 Wlde 510119 Shelf Eo f‘,5W '.
night. At last he woke up to the fact that he was 110111 Where he ,W.aS- It Was C0Ve1'?d, W1l7h/:3-' ;
pretty tired. . , . V of stuﬂ’, thrown ‘together in confusiomthat spa
, . ‘—‘I guess I’)! quit,” he said, shoving his shovel led hhd «‘§l°W°‘l 111 the light Of the 1119«t<1h- .
forward forzthe last time. " “What can that be?” he asked himself. 1. 
' I Instead of sinking into soft‘ dirt as before it y . Striking‘ one more match he looked at the-gl
. met. with a decided resistance, and the clinking tering objects huddled together on the shelf »
~iiound;told him that he had struck stone. In a was fairly struck dumb with amazement wh
riqoinent his fatigue vanished from his thoughts. saw that the bunch consisted of diamonds;
’ .“,I'Hbielieve.,I’y,e hit\the outer wallgof the vaults,” Jp/Earls and‘other.-pireciousp-stone t‘he'f.w
 M . ,.é.&  

exc Iy. A  ii; sen inn‘ to

  
 
    
     

 

r
l‘ ,.

 

    

  

a .

   

 

    
     
    

    
  
   

      

    
  

    

them gingerly, as if he feared they ‘would fall
nto, meaningless dust, but they didn't. They
w'sre.the. real things, worth thousands of pounds
iﬂ’7‘iEnglish money, and ﬁve times as much in
American coin. _ _

‘ ;,‘—‘Lord! What a ﬁnd!” he exclaimed, with bated
brea,th.~ “Instead of ‘reaching the vaults where

Miss Prescott is a prisoner I have actually been *

o\r_ing my way to fortune.”

1.

.> , 5
—- V CHAPTER " XIV.—Conclusion.

, There was no _doubt about the fact that Jack

had tumbled into a_ good thing.

* .;‘.".[‘,hat capital of one dime has produced great
suits,” breathed Jack. “I’ll bet no one ever

inyested» ten cents to better advantage than I did

’when_I borrowed that shovel at the outlay of my

-total resources. If I can carry-‘this stuff to Bata-

'yja:=without‘ accident I’ll be as rich as,a mogul.

4 ow Sid Danvers will open his eyes when he sees
1!’ ‘Gee! Pm in great luck!”

"".‘,'i‘hen ‘he began, to wonder how that ‘collection:

ofﬂpriceless jewels came to be thrown at hap-
xhazard on that shelf. All at ‘once he remembered
the ‘conversation he had overheard between Caspar

zirtoniland his’ side partner. two “nights "before.

Yes, that accounts for these jewels___being here,” '

itli light Jack. “The p,riests hid thenrin this place,
-'ajicl"' subsequently were wiped out before they
"iilfd~return to take them away. _ And now I, a
plain’, everyday American boy, who was not born
‘ ' that time, have in the most astonishing way
' into possession of them. I must see to it
 no one, particularly that rascal. Captain
_ ’ rt, gets them away from me. It would be hard
 indeed to lose them after ﬁnding them.”
fraid that the Dutch skipper might come that
ayfin the morning andinvestigate the tunnel
, Jack determined to remove the ‘treasure
_hout_ delay. .I-Ie made his W33’ int0 thfi OPEN
and back to the little cove. Removlnghis sup-
of-provisions from .the basket and wrapping
in a iece of sailclothihe found in the boat,
returned to the‘ mound, crawled once more into
mall cvault and transferred the whole of the
sure to the basket. Then he carried the
it outside and carefully concealed it in a
p11‘ of bushes where no one ‘was likely to meddle

   
 
  
   
 

te'r"than to’take a sleep. It won’t be safe
—me‘to use the place in the cove where I slept
night. It’s too open, and as I’m likely to sleep

iiito morning, if Captain ~V6ort came along '

o:ul'd he sure to see me and then I Would be in
viable again.” ‘ —<

e"decided_,to sleep in the bushes,‘ 'no matter

uncomfortable his bed might be. ‘ Accord-

“, {he chose a spot where discovery seemed‘ un-

_ ement over the discovery of such a big treas-

'- ‘T ‘ was so dead tired physically that he soon
d of to sleep. ‘ I

* was then close on to dawn, and an hour later

“ose. ,_ Theb

'  head, andso the ’sun,’s-1-aysdid. not

 

   

  

‘lie 0 anyxreat extent the S,P0l3»Wh§1‘e‘ 118;‘,

it. . _, I . _
5I..feel about all in,” he said. “I think I can’t ,

jg,»-and though his mind was in a fever Of»

ushes. were thick around him  .

  

. . . ,.
lay. Consequentl his fatigue kept him locked in
reposev until near y two ‘o'clock in the afternoon,
when he awoke, feeling much refreshed, and,ready,.~
for fresh exertions in behalf of Jessie Prescott;

~_ After cautiously reconnoitering the neighborhood
he made a hearty breakfast off his provisions, and .
after spending some time looking at the jewels. I
in the basket, and estimating their value, he" ‘
started once more for the mound. Before attack-, 

ing the inner "stone wall it occurred to Jack to  
make another effort to‘ locate the hidden spring .3 » *'

of the secret door at the base of the idol. Soho
walked to the top of the mound and began lookm.
. ing the stone all over. .’
artistvillé, bet your life,” he mused." “It fits as-.
snugly as a glove on a woman’s hand. You canitu.
see the faintest outline. As for the spring that
opens it, why———-”‘ ' - _ ,-*
He broke off suddenly, for at that moment the-,
.stone in: front of him began to move outward as
‘ if propelled by invisible means. When it reaclie_d' W

 

a point at a right angle with the base ‘a man. ,

stepped out. He wasthe servant Mokarra,-on his:
way to~the villzre of Cobar for a supply of pro-';
visions: The stone partly concealed Jack’s pres-
ence, and the native did not see him till' he ;
started to close the door. Then he uttered an ex- ' ”
clamatien of consternation. As’ the door swung “

back Jack. alive to the opportunity that had so 

unexpectedly presented itself to him, grabbed it
and prevented itfrom closing‘. ' ‘ ‘
Mokarra, recovering himself, grasped/che.boy’s
arm and tried to tear it away. It was J ack’s left‘:
arm, and .with his right he clouted the nativaff
on the point of the jaw with such effect that he.
fell on the ground quite dazed’ for the mome1.t.‘j

' Jack sﬁed one of,his legs and shoved it into the '”

reopening so as to hold the secret door partly open, '-A

, then tearing the jacket half off the native, he-.
ripped in into stripes, and in a few rn‘om.ehts'
bound and gaggedthe fellow so that he was quite’ ‘

- helpless. He then got a good’ sized stone and ~
placed it so that the door could not shut entirely. ‘

‘Flashing a match down the stone steps he saw
that thev went down into deep darkness. .He ran .
down the ﬂight and saw that they ended in..a__
space Where, therewas a door.. Openingthe door
he looked into a corridor. which was dimly il- ’
luminated by a light that shone through a door, p"
from some room beyond. » ‘ J

_ “The way is ‘clear to ‘Miss Prescott, and her _ -«
rescue will be 3,, matter of only a ew moments-a
Before I go to her I guess I’ll drag that fellow-'

, above down here"‘for fear he might get loose and ,
make me a prisoner,” sai Jack. ‘ . " .

He returned to the entrance above and hauled " ,
Mokarra down the steps and into the corridor.
Leaving. him just inside the door he rushed to
the door throughwhich the light shone and looked‘_

. in. On 5. softvcouch lay Jessie Prescott with her
eyesclosed. On the floor beside her crouched the

~ maid fanning her industriously with a. big fan f
made out of peacock’s‘feathers. Jack sprang into
the vaulted room with a shout. he maid ‘jumped.’

‘ up in alarm, while Jessie ‘rose into a sitting pose .
ture with an expression of fear on her’ lovely"
features. ‘ ‘ ~  ;

But this’ changed ,to. joy, on recognizing Jack’

face.’ She had only» seen ‘it,once before,“ butiihe

' ‘had neverffofgotten his features. - That lheiwsw

$

 

   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

“Whoever made that door cwas an artist from ,. _ 

 

 

      

        
 



r on .
brave boy she felt sure’. _ That he would keep his
word she was conﬁdent. So she made him a sort
of hero in her thoughts, and as time passed his

- od-looking, manly face more deeply impressed

* itself in her mind, until her young heart, with
nothing else to occupy it, began to interest itself
to nosmall extent in him...’ She wondered who he
was, and what had brought him to the island of

-Java. She was sure he was worthy of her re-
'spect and friendship. At any rate he had sa‘1d he

, was a friend of her cousin, Sid Danvers, and that
fact assured her‘ that he was all right. .

I “Here I am, Miss Prescott,” cried J ack, in

cheery tones. ‘fI have kept my word to rescue

‘you if I could manage it, and I have succeeded,
 for all you have to do is to accompany me to the

‘ 5 I surface and you will be as free once more as the

. air. ’

“How can I ever thank you_enougli for your

eﬁorts in my behalf?” she, said, impulsively. .
“Don't worry about.that,” replied Jack‘-, with a
ylance of admiration into her lovely countenance.
‘It gives me great.pleasure to serve you.» Now

. come,’ ‘for we have no time to l_ose._ I shall take
V you to the village of Cobar, which is about three

_.: ‘miles'fr‘om~-here on the coast, and I dare say we

 shall manage to _ﬁnd some small craft that will

, take us to Batavia._” . _
“What about this girl? You’re not going to
leave her shut up down here?” \ _ V
“What's your name?" Jack askedthe maid.
“Zamine,” she replied, with a cowed look.

 “Do you want us to leave you alone in these

vaults till your master, Caspar Horton, comes

, back to ﬁnd his prisoner _ﬂow ? '- said Jack. '

“Oh, no, no; no,” she cried ira frightened tone.

“If we take you with us will you swear to do

" as Miss Prescott wants you to?” 9* '

“Yes, yes,,yes.” .

 “Very good‘, then you shall come. Follow me,
‘:» ,both..of you.” ‘ . _- -

Jack decided to free the man servant,i since to

glleave him in that” vault, bound as he was, might

result in his death. _
“Now,” said Jack, when they emerged into the

;o en air, “we’ll march down _to a little cove a

I -s ort distance from here where I have ‘a couple

. of boats. One of them will do to take us to Cobar

in, and we ought to get therein the course of an

hour or two.” ‘ _' 1*

When they reached the cove Jack decided that

« the boat belonging to the Jung Vrow was the most
suitable one to’ use; so he told_ Jessie and the malt!
to get into her, which they did. Keeping hold or

,’£Mol~:arra’s arm‘, to make sure that he didn t get

I, away," Jack took him to the spot ‘where the has-
ket of treasure was concealed and told him to

 carry it to the boat. The man did so. Jack m0-

. tloned to him to get in, and then pointed at the

oars. Mokarraunderstood. He picked up the

~ oars, pushed the boat oﬂ-‘ and began to row in
v - the direction indicated by Saunders,

. ' We.haven’t the space to detail the long conver-
sation that took place between Jack and Jessie

" ‘during the trip to Cobar. ‘It is enough to say that

.. they got very well acquainted, and their mutual

 

  

.7;

  

   

Jack tol_d,hei- howzhe had been Within earshoton
_the,night she was abducted by the Dutch skipper
and her cousin Sid shot byvthe mate, Jacobs. In

   
 
 
 

ﬁt;

 

’ ioApirAL," oils I/DIME V,

- abduction, and was told that Caspar Horton W8,

where Sid Danvers was at that moment. For

, of things had happened. Captain Voort andy
, of burying their supply of smuggled opium.‘ Ga‘

v it. Mr. ,Prescott_took charge of it andsold it

admiration increased to a considerable extent.‘

Mew of Horton's ,recei1t treatm.e.nt,of her’ she "Was...

      
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
     
   
  
  
   
   
 
   
  
  
    
   
  
    
 
   
  
  
    
   
  
   
 

not particularly surprised to learn" that she_ had
been kidnaped at his instigation, and that h"
statement about having’ rescued her from the me
cals who attacked her was a pure ﬁction.

Jack then told in detail all that happened
him since discovering himself to Jessie in
hut——all but the ﬁnding of the, treasure. He id,
cided that it would be prudent to keep that ma
ter in the ‘dark till he got the treasure safely, t
the consul’s office at Batavia. In the cours
of an hour and a half they came in sight of Cobar .
village. A vessel ﬂying the British ﬂalg, was just,‘
leaving the place for Batavia, and ack hai ,
her. Going aboard he explained their predica
ment, and the captain agreed to take them ‘to:
Batavia, where he expected to arrive before sun~
down if the wind held. ' ;

The wind did hold and they were landed"
one of the wharves near the American consulate‘
about dark. 4 The consulate was closed at 1:,
hour, so. Jack secured a vehicle’ to carry Jes
the maid “and himself to the Prescott home. '
for Mokarra, he let him go now that he had 11
further use for him. Jessie received a great’
come from the housekeeper. She and
learned that her father had returned that morn
ing, and when he heard about his’ daughte "

er

at the bottom of it, he acted like a crazy "lira,

He hired’a vehicle and started for Horton’.
country place, and had probably reached the hon
by that time. Jackland Jessie both wond ’

they knew to the contrary he might be "still at
the J ap’s hut. As a matter of fact he didn't. -
up for nearly a week. By that time a who

crew were in jail, having been captured in the a

par Horton had sailed away to Singapore afté
trying to square himself in vain with Mr. Pi-é."
cott. — .
His/government took the matter up and he -,
deposed from his office of Resident. . Sid a
Jessie were Ostonished when Jack showed the
his treasure‘ and told them how he had acqu V’

        
    
 
   
      
     

      
    
  

merchants in the business, realizing $150,0
the boy. Jack, in the meanwhile, accepted
sition in the consulate and went to roomlwi
at the Prescott home.‘ The -two boys became
chums, wliile Jack and Jessie got on so well
eventually they became engaged with th
proval of her father. , I ' 

Next week’s issue willlcontain “UP AGAIISQ
A HOT GAME; OR, TWO COLLEGE CH
IN WALL STREET.” » - ,

   
        
     
      
   
  
    
  
  
 

  
    
 
 

  

   
 
   
    

LovELunE‘
DARING. This mysterious pei-luiiia
attracts and iasclnates. 1?/I‘X'I.l'O
and exotic Instance surrounds rail ’

with charm and enticement that
few are able toresism, Tantalizi-
iiiz and llnketlnz as one’: -ﬂffltj

.,_?~km. Younl and old gladly :

/ ‘El hpmtmnn only’ $1.85 plus post so.‘
’ ' vsecret Dlrections FREE. < '
WDmEOL'.I." co.. Lvsi. ‘ = 1?

 

  
 
 

 
 
  

   
 
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
 
 
    
    
   
  
  
     
 
 
  
   
    
   
 
  

5

Ninety .Degrees South

’ ¢or,,Lost in the Land of Ice

By GASTON GARNE

(A Serial Story.)

CHAl’TER Ix.
A Scoundre1’s Dreadful Work.

M L Hall, the «chief engineer, was, in a small

oi? the main engine-room examining the

-as well as the lesser ones were operated,
kg was yjsit,¢d.by Mr. Wills, the chief of-

‘ ‘lod-evening,  Hall,’.’ said the mate, in 8.
nt tone, quite at variance with h1s__custo—
ne. “Looking after your favorite child, are

Oh’ i od-evening, Mr. Wills 1". returned the
l go“Come in and sit down.’ I'll be through
inute. It just struck me that some one of
.- wires needed further insulation, and I con-
‘I’d look at them. They seem in danger
ljiirning out.” o ,

use a tremendous force on the search-
6n’t you?” asked Mr. Wills, appearing to
tly, interested, although he had ﬁome into
gine-room with qu1te.a, different P11119059

talk dynamos and electric engines. .
, we do,” said Mr. Hall, “and these other

ought to have a separate dynarrio, by right

‘r nstance, this one over my head-«

pcfrom his seat.
things.” _ o , _v

an‘ interesting study—_deeply interesting,”
, the engineer, laying down a large
chﬁhe had been using. “Well, It can’ 0

“I don’t know much about

, Hall,” said Mr._Wills, suddenly, “why
31: your life in this way, eh? ’ _ .

. science; for the glory of discovering the
*‘ returned the other, enthusiastically.

es, but you won’t get any of the glory, Hall.
" Harry Essex gets it all. Now here’s_a
lance if you want to take it, one that will
11 famous”. _ . _

_ ’ do you m.ea’n?” gasped the engineer,
§_jWhibe. V _ ” -

» "did" not grasp the other’s meaning, but he
’  ‘om his look and tone“ that he had some
,scheme. in‘ view, andhe trem'ble_d. _

Y list this,” answered the chief oﬁicer, in a
se tone. ‘5lt’s for us to seize the vessel,

_. There are enough on board who will
like slaves,‘ and those who ..don’t

v,_.. ., .  ',;o\..
‘' “ ” r?” echoed the engineerin a
t}i§p§i-ilmihrau do‘ noti mean‘ i ,Wlia_t
, V - , mg‘: I - . , .

dynamo, by which the powerful search-,

, I supposeso,” muttered Mr. Wills, look-—

ing more now, so’ suppose we go into NW’

of Harry Essex, and get all‘ the glory.

can’ be

FA ME. .l AANi5 FORTUNE wnaxnr

: it matter?
of the, world to the truth, and when we succeed,

I

“Send him adr_i_ft in an open boat or get

of him some other way. We can easily make up

a plausible story. Then I take command,,you'are‘- 
still the chief engineer, and we get the "glory of A

this discovery instead of merely working for
monthly wages.” ~
“But you would never abandon the captain in

‘this desert of ice?”

“Yes, I would, and snatch the prize. What does
A well-told story will blind the eyes

as wemust, all will be forgotten in our triuniph'.”

. .“Our triumph?” echoed’ the engineer.. "A. tri-
"umph won by ‘fraud and murder?” ‘

“Nonsense!
win? The glory "will covei-«everything. Come,
will you join me in the undertaking?” ,

“No!” cried the engineer. “Better death‘ than
dishonor! Better to die here inthe land of ice
than be false to my trust.

true to him no matter what happens.”

“Think of the glory, I say,” continued Mr. .

Wills, detaining the engineer, who had turned
toward the door. “You thoroughly understand
the shipand are well instructed as to these south-
ern climes. We are sure of Fenton, the good
weather will continue, we shall proﬁt by the mis-

Who will believe that when we '

I joined -the expedi- _* ;
tion to serve Captain Harry Essex, and I will be -2

V25? 1

 

take of others and there is nothing to prevent -, 

our earning the
the South Pole.”

glory of being the first to reach‘

“Not another word!” -cried Mr. Hall. ““‘I ,will‘—. V»

not listen to you.
your’ wicked plans. I do not believe the men are
so base as to assist you, and certainly I am» not

so lost to all sense of honor as to .join you inc

this ﬁendish plot. On the contrary, I intend——-—,” I I

“To do -what?” hissed the chief ofﬁcer. '
“To appeal to the men, and if that fails Vt
warn the captain of your intentions.”

“You: shall not!” cried Wills, witliyla lﬁerce, . W

growl.’ “I will kill you first!”

In the.middle of -the room was the dynamo,
which was not running at its full capacity, at
oneisidewas the belt connecting it ,with the en-
gine, _on the opposite side was the bench on which

Wills had been sitting; and, facing this was a door "

leading to the passage outside, the room being

lighted by a single bulb overthis door. '
Springing to his ‘feet, Mr». Wills seized the

heavy" wrench that the engineer had ‘laid down,

~ and, brandishing this, rushed upon the rnanzwho

‘ would not betray his trust. .

The engineer seized the mate’s wrist in time to

prevent ‘being struck upon the head, andthen the l

’ two clinched. , »  - o ,
They were directly in front of the dynamo,

— when

 

each struggling to get possession of the wrench,
the one to do murder with it, the other tr: prevent
it . ' g
i _“If you won’t join Inc, you shall not betray me!”
hissed Wills, savagely, as he put forth all’ his
strength. , - ' ‘~ ‘ ‘ ‘- ‘
‘The p _
Wills; with his side turned‘ to it, ‘struck.
him with’ his left hand. '
Hall threw up

.A’giyii"ig theiinate ,s‘,arm"a‘powe‘rgil twist A‘ - -
1 g  wrench» dropped from- the/‘mgite. ,  a?ad.»2u_1d
ten such manner ta ta:

You shall not tell me more of ,  U

V\

‘ ,«
/ .
/ . 

1
, .

hiS’79,wn' left,"_at,the ,sameiV’tinie W

 

-engineer was almost facing the dy'ixan§, ': l i"
t

  

.5

...

 
   
     
    

. L

; to touch both terminals of the dynamo, creating a
 ‘short-circuit. , _ "

 . The engineer was now immediately in front
éof‘ the dynamo, facing the little table where the
 cpoleswere situated and from which ran the -wires
C connecting with the lights, , , '

In an instant a:blinding ﬂash sprang from the
 lommutatoif as the metal touched the binding-
’ posts. , . 2
' For a second‘only was-there a COIlt‘3.(,‘l,“lZlle
~—..‘,wr,ench falling at once to the ﬂoor, but‘ it was
f ‘suﬂicient. ‘ . ‘ .

' _ ' The lights went out, and with an agonized cry
 thatwould ring in the mat-e’s ears for many a
« day,,the engineer “fell to’ the ﬂoor, dead.

, Then the lights returned. and Wills, blinking
.from._the effects of the ﬂash, which he had not
' received directly, stood staring at the man at
i- his feet. , . »

‘ “Dead!” he muttered, “and now no one knows
my secret.” ..

 

    
     

  

  
 

1 running in.

 

     
 

1 CHAPTER X.

Phil’s Promotion. ,

       
  
 
       
      
      
   

 “What is the matter?” cried Phil, bursting“ into
the ‘room. ' ' - _ ’
,..“What has happened?” asked Dick.
inade the lights‘ go out?” i _‘_ _
“Who gave that ‘awful scream?” gasped Sadie.
“It.was perfectly dreadful.” _ ' _
Footsteps were heard approaching, and Wills,
1 turning toward the door, said: '

   
 

  

at

afraid that poor Hall will never see again.”

‘ léieerisf side and /passing his hand over the man's
S‘ ac'I“3hen a terrible cry was wrung ’_from. him in
 spite of himself, and he staggered.l3ack.a1m0St
; unnerved. -_' 

. ' “Heavens!” he cried, turning the color_of ashes.
 “The man is dead!” -

, ‘‘N'o,. dome say it’s as ‘bad a_s.t‘hat!” groaned
Wills. “It can't be»; I won't believe it.”

 
  
 
       
      
      
 
     
    
    
     
    
         
  
  
  

 ' 1; th' . ent.

§t?‘I§?l7rllat?sntlidIt1?’? thellcenglilot asked. “Mr. Hall

f- dead? How‘ did {it happen? Who was here? Did

' ‘any one see it?’

K I ‘ HY'es,

his face'froni the others, _“I was too late to pre-

’vent it or to_ even warn him.” V ’

' “How did it happen? ’ _

-. “Hall was working at the, dynamo With ,3

, wrench and in some unexplainable way dropped it

 so that touched.,bot_h -teriiiinals at the Same
' time, makinga short-circuit. Vi . , ~,_ 

-: “Great'heavens:!” W i i v - , ,_

' “ileiwas directly in front of it, almost ztouclupﬁ

it’ in fact, when there came the-most awful ﬂas

I""eve1‘..saw,,that would have blinded me” had I
“ ‘ ‘ n7looking,sti:a_ight.at it. and then, he fell W.1th*

  

   
 

 
 

          
  

    

¢§y:.L shall the/ver,£orget.”  . I >, X;/9 ' .,
 

 

FAME’ nnii SFORTUNEI

4, ' Atthat moment Phil, Sadie and Dick came» mg”

“What

“There has been a terrible accident, a_nd.,I am ‘

i “Blind!” gasped "Phil, kneeling at the engi-.

‘ Mr. Fenton, the second mate, and one or two ‘

I did,”,"answered Wills, huskily, turning 

if I ;'k_no_wn‘:-of ‘it, _ himself

  
 
   
   
   
   

.4 ‘

. WEEKLYK V-

 

such ‘things that I" can hardly believe he‘Vc‘Ql§'

' have been so careless.” ‘ ‘ "
“He understood everything so well,” added‘;Pil_.ti,A
“that I presume he never thought of the of
The shock must have been a" terriﬁc one.:‘<gg ,
haps the fall on the iroirﬂoor paralyzedj
, brain, and he died before he could recover ,

   
   

f‘H«ere, Mr. Wills,” said Fenton, “help me "car"
him to his room, poor fellow.” , N ’_ s ,;v
“'I couldn’t touch him,” murmured the...maﬁe£
and Sadie saw him shudder. “It was all so. .  ~
ful that I co‘-:.ldn’t bear it. “To think that I could «,-
"not prevent it, could not even warn himof
terrible fate.” ., _ _-T ,
. * Thésman covered his face with his" hands 
hurried out of the room, while Sadie,‘ who -11" ,
been watching him more closely than the othens
said to herself: . ' ',  Ff
“I never thought he cared enou h for anybod;
to show so much emotion. I don’t elieve i,§_:niote,,!:.,
than half of it, and‘I. think my man needs waté '

     
     
   
  

    
 

   
    
  

   
  

  
   
 

  

 
 
     

Mr. Fenton then asked two or three of the s
ors to take the body of the engineer to his ro
and, leaving Phil in charge, went up to info"

~ the captain of what had happened. ’ _ .

Sadie could not bear to sta in the place'7W}1' _
so dreadful an accident ha so recently,.ta.‘keIrg; '

place, ‘and shehwelnt'daway xaviiczihout looking‘ at’ e

» engin'eer,’a's s e"a inten e . '._.,'z'.

Dick remained with Phil, who was quite cap‘

‘ of "looking after things, but it was some time‘
fore the boys said anything,.so.overcome W‘
they by what hadvjust occurred. 

' After a time Captain Harry Essex came
ltihedlzangine-room and, taking Phil’s hand, ' ‘

in y: _ ' " 
“My boy, a tremendous responsibility has _ _
deitily devolved 11}t))0I; Iyoﬁi th1‘(?tl}11g% this .unflg::iz
na e occurrence, u now a you are ,
faithful and capable, and I wish to tell you
I believe that you will do your duty just
same. » - c -‘ . ._
“Thank you, sir,” said Phil, gratefully. “I 1;,
that it is a tremendous‘responsi_bilit _,for'_a:ray.

_my age, the careof a ﬁne ship li e this,“
W1“ 4:;  v~‘=:v.-at 

-an a viceor sis ne uca 
h‘¥You werebnotﬂ here when-it happened‘.?”'
t e captain‘ rie y. ’ s
' “No, sin.” ‘ . p

' “And, knew nothing of it?”
“Only what Mr. Wills said.” ,.
“Can your account for it?” . _ N
“Yes, although it's diﬂicult. Such thin-gs‘

likely, to happen, but not often with a’ _i_'m_3.

. Mr. Hall’s experience. I cannot think of l_11§
ing careless, and can only account for '1i;,,1‘fl
way. élehhas beéI}l1' tatksﬁl suddéanlytfaiirit agd
dro e t ewrenc a emos criica mo“,

“ipkliid yet he, was a man.Ao£'splendid\physi1qu§f
never would imagine that he had a Weak Jheaiit
anything of that sort. He was_ extremely
perate, took excellent care of ‘himsvelf,._an‘
more nearlyban Example of perfect manhood
an one-on oar .”  . .  ' '

' ‘¥He may have had some _Wea esglthat

not know of,".1s‘uggestedv1?'}Ji’il. _“He ma -
‘even. , '

 
 
  
      
 

  

  



   
 

   
       
   
  
 
  

   
   
  

  

 
 
  
 
  
 
 
   
       

  
    
 

  
  
 
 
 
  
    
 
   
  
        
 
   
  
   
  
  
    
  
   
    
   
  
  
  
     
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  

  

 

Fame and fortune _Weekly 0
_NEW YORK, DECEMBER 16, 19.27 A

Do ies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  ..Postage Free , 8 cents
Copy rhree Months . . . . . " “ $1.00
ne Copy six Months...-.. .. " _ " ~ 2.00
he Copy One Year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . " “ 4.00

_ _ Canada. $4.50; 1«‘o:ei’gn, $5.00 '
Address letters to

"WESTBUR‘Y PUBLISHING co, Inc.
140 Cedar Street, New York City.

AIIBJKNIGHT, Pres. and zrreaa.
MARK. \'l.ee-Pres. and Boo.

INTERES l‘lN_(.; AK 1 ILLILS .
F-KLLS ASLEEP IN MIDST OF DEBUT AS
' _ ‘ BURGLAR- , .'
Discliarged from his job as a grocer’s.errand
ignylfernand Spanier, eighteen years old, stum-
 "into the same pitfall’ recently in an alter-
‘hive’! career. _  _, ‘ -
when the concierge this morning opened the
i"an_',in the home of . D. E. Gampos, formerly
‘Portuguese diplomat, he found Fernand asleep
'‘ a divan, with a bu1:g1ar’s jimmy in his hand
 collection of silverware by his side. » He
where he resumed,

emoved to a prison cot,
_umbe1'.

tmoian iron FUTURE MEMORIALS.
fstminstcr Abbey, Eng1and’s national shrine
hall of’ fame, is overﬂowing a..d‘mus’t have
addition to contain future memorials. Such is
ecommendation of a body of clergymen and

on who have =com_pleted a. three-year investi-
‘  rp},ey.favo1~, 1n 3, report issued recently,
erection at a cost_ of $1,000,000 Qf one of the
important additions to the Abbey _since the
Il of the Henry VIII Chapel.

gvvould be a structure running parallel to
Henry VII‘ Chapel and consisting of an ‘a_m~
. ry around the chapter house and a Series
Yoisters between it and the old palace yard.
he time has come when the nation must de-

hether or-‘not Westfninster Abbey is to re-
st elpl-ace it has he d_ for centuries as the
0' éiof the nation"s'i memories of great men and
any’, said theinvesti ating committee, which
ﬂaeadéd by the_ Arch ishop of York; “Delay

aking this decision is no_ onger‘possible.”« »
lmting out that there is no_ further space
in the Abbey itself for memorials, the church-

   
   
  

        
  

ments and the erection of a new hall 0

on another site. , = I ..

an of this kind,”. they assert, “would 11;’;

an,ernpty'shell‘—-8, body-‘withoutla soul. ,

whole‘ empire would be ~cal_le'd upon to
‘peruse of‘ the.tnew_ addition; ‘ 1 .

  
 
  
 

 1 nuns :~FoIi?l‘15ilIE§‘

‘home before the police have

 BRAZIL’S WILDS TO HUNT FAWCET,T

I of forty, having families, from the highest and, 
I the lo\vest walks of life. Approximately one-ﬁfth  ._
f are _from New York, another ﬁfth from Cali» , 

d l'k the ‘e oval f the existin w ‘
con mm a I e 1 ‘m 0 ~. girl has been kept busy ‘just opening the lette

  
 

had gone. through 1,5‘00.—,. "

,L..

0 MISSING PERSONS BUREAU. DEALSC
CHIEFLY WITH CI'1"Y?S RUNAWAYS‘ ’_, 
Comforting dist1'essed mothers whose children /5?
have failed to come home from work or school
is a. duty -requiring both sympathy and under-'

standin‘g,,according- to Captain John Ayer of the. 

Missing Persons’Bureau of the New York police.
Not only is comfort required but service in locat-
ing the prodigals. Sometimes the missing young« 1 -
sters do not need locating: they frequently return ' '

take notes on the fimily history. . ‘ p =
‘fstories of discontent, stories of family-hard-- —' 
ships, and mostly stories of family quarrels and

' petty bickering-—th’at’s what we get ‘every day;-..::‘l"
and from these we try to piece out why Mary ran .. .

away, ‘where she has gone, and what will become"  
of her,”‘ says Captain Ayer. ‘ J 1'  ~
“The first thing‘ we have to\Co is to convince. 1 ‘
mothers that their girls have not been taken by 
white‘-slavers. In all the ‘ﬁfteen years of my f _
work with this bureau I have never heard of a_ "9
single instance where a missing girl has been‘? ‘ ‘3
taken by white-slavers. It is a great disappoint-K; 
ment to those who hold up New York as a wic_k- ,  .
ed city, I know; I show the mothers how prepos-_,
terous their theory is, and after we have talked’. _-'
a little I get enough of a clue to know that Mary '
left home of her own free-will.  .
The general conception of a Missing Persons 
Bureau is .a place where amnesia victims are, l

 

, united «to. their families, long lost sons are found,

to be told that’ they have inherited a fortune, or  ‘
absent-minded old men who have wandered away ’ ,
from home are. restored to their anxious daugh-» 
ters.-—-N. Y. Times.’ « ' . ‘-‘

K

 

15,000 ANXIOUSlTO ACCOMPANY DYOTT

 

Commander George M. Dyott, who, as related I 

I in The World recently, wants a fourth man f)r

his expedition into the “green hills of Amazoniaﬁf;

‘ in search of another" explorer, Col. P. H. Fawcett,

and of the ruins of a lost civilization, states he
had received 15,000 applications_. , , " 3
He offered hard labor in the stifling‘ steam

baths of .the tropical wildernessgthe dangers of“ '

hostile Indians, of wild animals, of tropical fever
-—all for a merely n’omina1,recompe_nse. Hehoped :
that some one would volunteer——a man, it‘ was: ,
fllét, “tolfwhom moneyﬁtlgle comforts of_. life and
ie itse mean very it e. ‘ ~ 0 ‘ 1
The replies came by cable, telegraph, air mail 1 -'
and by special delivery, from every State, from i’
all parts of Canada and from several Euro ean”, . ;
countries. They came from high school stu ents _
of" eighteen, from established professional men

 
        
 
    
      
      

 
     
  

foriéia, and the remainder fair]
ute . _ - - . V _
For three days the Post Oﬂice has had a special ;
man delivering Commander Dyott's marl. One/'

y’ evenly distrib

 

   
       

  

The Commander has devoted himself ‘entirelytc
reading and sorting them. 'Up to last night he;

   
    
  

 
  
 

  

V (‘I mtand to read‘eﬁzery'application;'l. 0
~f‘It»-isreallyﬂ. ' _extra.o nary ~ 

 

 

more than begun to-_ 1 <0.

   

 vThe ‘Mahogany Box_

_ , ,»,_ “Bad luck to-day_ good Bruno, bad luck. What
 ’-we are to do next, old fellow, I cannot imagine-—
-  can you?” 2 _

Peter Fairfax was the speaker, and he gave a

 

—~ "great sigh as he looked down upon a noble speci-

‘‘ » men of a Newfoundland moving along at his side. -

Old Bruno glanced up at his young master’s
: H j face as if he knew what had been said, and then

T { him his head as if he felt sad, too,
‘ “ ur mission has been a’fru,it1ess one,” ‘conti-

V : riued the boy. “We will be driven from our home,.

"and heaven only knows what will- become of
mother then. Miser Hessling is indomitable, im-
' ,movable, and he's a villain.”

With the last word Peter brought his foot

 

_* down hard upon the earth, and at the same time‘

., ._brusl_ied a great tear from off his fair cheek. A

;»_ The dog licked the hand of the youth, as if in
. ‘ full sympathy with him. .
   Wearied with a long walk, Peter reached home
' ‘just as the sun was setting behind the great hills
’_. that stretched in a long line at the westward,
,, — just as the shadows of night began‘ to ﬂit across

a the fertile valley in which Widow Fairfax lived.

,' He was met at the door by his mother, who
 wore an anxious look upon her wan, yet hand-
 some face. .

,.  “Your sad countenance betokens ill "news, my
~ _ . .-boy,’’’ said the dame with tremulous voice. “Noth-
ying was accomplished, 1 fear.” _

’  “Nothing, mother. Miser Hessling said, you
: must leave the farm within a.»we‘ek, or‘ he will

eject you at the hands of the sheriﬂ‘.'.’.’
‘ - “You told him of the papers, that were lost
‘with the mahogany box?” 4‘
"_,“Yes; allthat you directed me to say, and
. much more that I knew myself.”
‘ ' “What said he in re ly?” _ ..
, “That you lied, mo er!”
.' , .Mrs. Fairfax sank into a chair at this and cov-
.ered_ her face with her hands, while her frame
shook with deep emotion.
v “I'd have knocked him down if I could!” cried
‘the lad, and he strode up and down the room for a
iiiiiiute with clenched’ fists, then‘ went to the win-

    
  
   
 
   
  
  
  
 
  
   
   

with avvacant stare. - , .
~ "Peter was a boy of but ﬁfteen years. He was
intelligent and plucky, and as he stood beside the
?easement that night resolutions for future action
‘ (were ﬁrmly formed.
“Mrs. Fairfax had

months. ~

 

been a widow but a few

Peter,‘ an_ only child, twelve years of age, had emi-
 grated from New York cultural pursuits.

. At the time of taking up their abode in the.West
the inhabitants of ‘that section of the country
‘were frequently’ annoyed by thieves, who made
 daring robberies_ carryin oﬂ’ whatever of. value
‘ “ they could lay their han s upon. ‘ . .
.-Houses were entered and pilfered in a mys-

  

be obtained to the perpetrators of the crimes.

W Lat e, rewards were offered for the apprehen-
anyone of the robbers, dead or alive, but .

\/I

Iiozio
'_i

   

i ‘ T FAME‘: AND fFoit'ruN*ﬁi?« wander. j  "

"(low and gazedout upon the fast fading twilight

1 Three years before, she,‘with her husband and . .boun ing u

terious manner, and not the slightest clue could »_

    

bandits to their lair." _ «. .
Shortly before the death of Mr. Fairfax h ,
house had been entered, and among other thin’ _
a mahogany b_0x taken, in which were all the
Jewels the family possessed and all the valuab
papers. ' p ' , 

The dayxbefore the robbery the.farm hadbee
paid for in full, and a receipttakcn of Zebulon
I_-I_ess1mg_, commonly called “Miser" Hessling, fro“ i
his parsimonious propensities, and a deed wasto
be properly made out and delivered. , ‘- ,‘

The loss of the papers by ,the robbery had‘.
reached the ear of Hessling, and this, followed-by
the death of Mr. Fairfax, gave the old villain
opportunity to defraud the widow and her son;
and he was not slow in setting about the accom
plishment of hisnefarious purpose. ,   ,

As no proofs existed of payment having beg
made, Mrs. Fairfax saw herself at the mercy‘
of Miser Hessling. , 

Peter stood silently bythe window for many.
minutes; ﬁnally‘ he started, as if awakened.f_rorn
sleep; he crossed the room, and taking a position»
beside the matron’s chair, said in a gentle.vo’ic'e

“Mother.” ‘ . '

Mrs. Fairfax looked up, and putting her arm.
around the youth, drew him close to her. . . W
' “What is it, my son?” 

“I am going to leave you for a few days.’.’_— A

“Going where?” - , i — . -- ‘

“Away to Coridon.”\, X

“It is ﬁfty miles away, Peter.” . - .  I.

, “I know that, but I can make it in two days-o

foot, transact my business ‘in one, and retur

inside the week youare allowed on the farm.”.‘
"‘What‘is the mission, Peter?” /.

To get the position once offeredine asan ap.-.
prentice. If we are to depend upon my hand
for support hereafter, the sooner I am earning’
something the better. I can’ get board, clothes:
and ﬁfty dollars, the ﬁrst year. This money,_wi , _
what we can sell of personal property, will 'k c
you in comfortable circumstances, and aftei-at,
ﬁrst year I_ shall receive much more.”_ ' ‘

this availednnothing, as no‘o.ne coulclvtrace 

 

hills to be a protection to his mother.» J A
-The youth took a straight line toward Cori’
guided by a pocket compass, and stopped ‘not _
follow the newlylaid and public highway.  ~

Long before noon he reached the most wildta

desolate part of the “White Rock. Hills,” as th‘

‘were called. He was walking upon the margin.,
a dee , rocky cut or gorge, when old Bruno com
to him, manifesting a good deal”
excitement y barking lustily.  f
“What is it, old fellow?” said Peter, snapp
his ﬁngers at the dog. ' _ _ ‘
‘Bruno dashed away a few rods,< thenl ca_ A
bounding back, as if he would lead his mas_ter’»ij1'
another direction. . ‘ _‘ 
The youth knew the traits _of the animal,‘
‘well that he felt certain something of iI.l_t.e'_I' 

had been found‘, and although’ it would detamh _ 5 _

a little, Peter determined to indulge th__e fai

ful brute this »time., ‘i _ I ; A ‘ ’ i  

“Lead the wa¥."*cr1ed the .boy.,‘»‘.and;_I’1 «$13
T... . " k» 7 I‘ ‘ " ‘J’ 'V‘

   

 

  
   

   

as « 1“ . W
  Bruno. bounded down the steep enclosure and
is ma_ster scrambled downxafter him.  _ " ‘
g'When they had reached a point about midway,
eftween the brow and the base of the gorge old
Bruno suddenly disappeaded as if by magic.
__Soon he-reappeared throu h a ﬁssure In the
oak which was entirely hid en from view by a
chimp of close—growing bushes. L, T -
‘Cubs or young foxes in there?” asked Peter.
."Br'uno’s only answer was a bark, and he again
disappeared from sight. .
— -"Laying down his bundle,_ our little hero followed
dog into the dark cavity.
oving cautiously down through a narrow, un-

  
    
   
  
    
  
  
   
     
   
   
   
 
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
    
  
    
    
  
   
   
    
    
   
   
    

cm, into. which just sufficient light stole to
show that the walls were some twenty feet apart.
“ After his "eyes ‘became more accustomed to the
darkened chamber, Peter saw that he was in the‘
bode of some human being. _ - '

.€The sight that met his gaze. made his heart
tend still for a moment. "Here were piles of

:I\l'iches inthewall contained gold and silver coins,"
watches, rings and pins of every-description.

mean? - .
In the corner were piles of small caskets and
el cases, and while staring at these_ in amaze-
iit hiseyes fellupon an object that"n'iade him
mry out for joy-—thei»e washis mother’s mahogany
‘x. . . A . - c
He. seized the treasure, "and the ‘lock being.
‘ the lid yielded readily to his touch.
_‘l-Iere are all: the papers’ and treasures,” he
vsai "ina hoarse, ti-emulous whisper. “I will
"talfre them directly back to my mother. This a
.e‘i‘i"of thieves and the depository of their plunder.
x_____n . ' V K _ A -
_,His' aoliloquy wascult short by the darkening- of
"cavern anda low growling from Bruno.‘
oking up, he saw before him at large, dark-
dman, dressed in.Aa hunter's garb. with slouch
.. ‘Ni ' ‘ ‘

‘the stranger in a gruff-voice. “I'm thinking you’ll

take‘ the news to your father, ’cause dead
irdpipe and you’ll slip oifeasy like.”

‘hunting shirt, the robber caught Peter before
uldxmake an attempt to escape, and bending
ead back he brought the youthful face around
eath his muscular arm, and lifted _-the keen

e*.‘asjdeliberately to’ carry his threat into exe-
eii ii as,-aebutcher doesto cutlvthe throat of a‘

        
     
       
     
     
      
  

  

aﬁlhe shining steel descéndedupon the‘ full, white
jig‘ but before the skin was. severed, BI,'u_no,'who
T M an watching .with_ gleaming .eyes,_~leaped
.331; a lion upon the bandit, and setting his huge
upon the throat. of the villain, brou ht him

loosen the knife from his hold and send it
Q several feet: away. . ‘ii ‘

soon as Peter sufficiently recovered from ‘the
 to’ ta.ke"in. the ..situ.at10n,’ he dealt thé 498‘; .

   
   

blow over the hea_

, _ 3th, a -billet, f
ay, him‘ '
in

J

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
iwith a party of men and ho:-es to take care of" A
n ﬁssure, he soon found himself in a spacious 3

avy. silverware -upon the floor and in boxes. i

Peter was completely bewildered. .:What could‘ i that he could appreciate‘ save abundance of love, 

‘ middleweight chain ion of the world and one of

’“‘W‘e.11v my ymmg kirk’ what d° yeihere?" asked i ‘had been announced‘ he was in satisfactory condi-‘
ever. take that box to your mother; you’1l more »
never tell nbthing to the living. I’ll just open

ljfawing ‘a huge knife from his belt beneath ’

, Jacksonat the Harlem Arena  1924. ‘He ‘Won ’

~ 1926, from Harry Greb, who.-died under ssintiila

-upon the ﬂoor of thecavern with sue ‘force’ 

    
 

,1:

29:]

After thoroughly bindingthe ruﬁian with cords
and thongs that. were found in abundance, Peter» —
told Bruno to watch him; and taking the ma?‘
hogany box so as to be_sure_ of its contents, started. ‘
for home as_ fast as his legs would carry him. ‘

By the middle of the,.afternoon Peter return'ed;*

\

the robber and the stolen goods. 
Bruno still sat on guard, and the ’Vlllall'l,: who i

had returned to consciousness, swore lustily at- " 

the intruders, as he saw fit tocall them.

The desperado was, of course, sent to the proper
place for criminals and a large number of valu-
ables found in the cavern were identiﬁed and ’
restored. ‘ - ;

Widow Fairfax and‘Peter,were more fortunate  5»
and worthy than any of the rest. " -T 

The papers of the mahogany box placed them in  \
full possession of the farm, and would have. made — ‘
it very unpleasant for old Miser Hessling had not 3 
the widow, in the kindness of her heart, refused *‘ ‘
to__prosecute. . }

Peter received the large reward offered for the" V ' ‘
apprehension of the robber and it was the found",- . - 3
tion of his future wealth. ' 3  ‘

No reward could be’ bestowed upon old Bruno.

and caresses from all ‘who knew the nobleold I 
fellow. . p _
What became of the rest of the gang of robbers -/  
no one knew; but ﬁnding their rendezvous dis- ’
covered, they ﬂed to other parts. - ~ -
The cavern became quite a, resort for. parties 4.11“
seeking the wonders of nature, and bore the title _  ~‘
of “Robbers’ Cave.” ‘And to-dav the most prom-Jr? 
inent names carved uponthe soft sandstone walls, , ~
are those of Peter Fairfax and Bruno. ' . 3 
‘ ———-y-—oo-—<0}----oo—:- .- ' ‘

DEATH RINGS GON,_G ON ‘TIGER,FLOWER_S’g 3*
Theodore (Tiger) Flowers, thirty-two, former ,;;'

 

 

the most popular egroes in the prize ring, died .
recently in a private hospital. .‘ .. V _
Newsof his death came as a surprise, for itf" ‘

 

tion following a minor operation for removal of?a '
growth over his left eye. The announcementwas, ’
made through the oﬂice of Walk Miller, ,Flower’s » ‘. 
manager, after information concerning the fight-.
er’s condition had been refused by Dr. W. G._ ,
Fralick, who performed the operation recently at " 
his private hospital . 3 '3 Q * j 7

The former champion, known to fight fans as 
“the Georgia Deacon,” was to have fought Mickyk E ji
Walker within sixty days, Walker having been-‘;
ordered to'r:.eet him under pain of suspension. ,*“’
’ Flowers sprang into fisticprominence by knock-. ‘
ing out B0b'Lawson, Jack Townsend and Tpt

 

  

circumstances in October, 1926. ' He lost his title:
to Micky =Walker in Chicago, December 3 of‘ th

   

same year. . - ~ i . ,

Flowers was a colorful battler, who wore down’
his. opponents with tireless ener y. He was kiiown
as one of the most gentlemanly ﬁghters in th‘

‘t. batt1elin“oiiNew York  place
. hen ii ‘knocked 0 Leo..-56$}:
Sn ‘L

oped

     
 

  

 

 ' lfygenalizing‘ insults to religion.

INSULTS TO RELIGION *~
The "Indian Legislature is considering a bill for
The proposed ad-
itionjto the Indian penal code reads as follows:
“Whoever, by words, either spoken or written,

V  or by signs or by‘visible representations, or other-

wise; intentionally insults or attempts to insult
the religion, or intentionally outrages or attempts

I ‘ to;outrage the religious feelings of any class of
'1‘ his Majesty’s subjects, shall be punished with im-
', prisonment . .

*.two years or with a ﬁne or with both.”

. for 8. term which may extend to

EDISON SEEKS RUBBER IN 0VER‘200
= = r ' A ‘PLANTS , -l

V ' The Boston Transcript in a copyrighted article

recently said that more than 200 species of trees

, '~ and shrubs were shipped from the Arnold Arbore-
. tumto-the Edison laboratories in New'Jersey;for

research, looking toward discovery of a substitute

 forrubber which could be manufactured from sap
_, of trees possible to grow in New England. A

Thestory says that the venture is understood

 to have the backing of a ﬁnancial combination in-
\.cluding Ford, Firestone and Edison.

It was
learned that two Edison representatives spent two
days in selecting the experimental subjects from
the great collection of growthafrom the arbore-
tum, maintained by Harvard University as a pub-

‘ licipark aswcll as for scientiﬁc study.

_ irnn CHANGING PIANO .

[The -possibilities of an entirely new_«1,iterature
"for the piano‘ through radical changes in the con-
struction of the present instrument and by means

v of the'mechanica_l' piano are discussed by Beryl
M Rubinstein, the'pianist,;in The Musician.

“The latest development in piano composition

__came with-Debussy,” he says. “This development
was one not in the use of the keyboard but in that‘

of’ the pedal. ‘The whole-tone scale of Debussy
hermitted of pedal effects-impossible before his‘

_ time.” u

i As for the possibilities of the mechanical piano
for which Stravinskyand others have suggested
a separate and distinct development of composi-
tion, Mr. Rubinstein is conﬁdent that such a de-

‘,pe;,~tur‘e offers a promising ﬁeld. “I understood

cthat one very well-known pianist was able _to play
a‘ chromatic glissando.‘ I don’t believe it. The

g’1-aisedfposition ofvthe black keys makes it impos-
.';sib1e,'to my mind. But perhaps a pedal could be

invented to lower the black keys as occasion de-
manded. This would be a marvelous idea.”

 BLASTING TESTS snow DANGER TO /-
 ‘NEAR-BY BUILDINGS is SLIGHT T

‘To determine the effect. on buildings of a_heavy R
last of "dynamite, and at,-what distances iniury 2

es of experimentstwas
M _ ckovell, ‘dean of
U fver  _ L

through many

.H th ‘h .
.;sé« e.:.ir,ji

\

1  H:   P if
G 06 D R ETA oi N G ‘

i

mitted were made’ with an instrument simi
function to the seismograph, which is iisedto 
cord earthquake shocks, and also by mean -0
Steelvpins one-quarter_ of an inch in diameter
of various lengths. These pins /were set in gr
on a hard, level surface, and were /so arjran
that if _one toppled over it would not affect‘ .1 ,
companions in the least. Pins of varying lengths.
up to ﬁfteen’ inches long were used in the‘ expé 
merits, groups of them being placed at~diﬂ“e ’ T
aistances from the blasting centre. -" . ‘
None of the rms fell at pointsfurther than
feet from the explosion, and the conclusionara
rived at consequently wasfthat only. build’ gs
within this radius of ordinary well-drill bla‘ gig
could bedamaged by, such a’ blast. In fact
seismograph instrument and graduated. steel’
indicated that the effect. of the average blast.
a house 26 by 42'feet and thirty feet high,‘ véﬁ
at a distance of. 1,800 feet, would be ‘only equi an
lent to a wind blowing at the rate of swear
pounds pressure persquare foot against the's,t1'u"
ure. .. A 
* T v /
' x

I

MAKING SHOES FIT THE FEET

Facial diﬂ"erences,.if exhaustively catalo
would fill many volumes. And were such .a h  "
2% of facts compiled there would havé‘ to'bé
c apter (a long one, too) devoted to feet. '

Observing travelers who have lived amongthé
various peoples of the earth know that nationalitey
often reveals itself in the feet. ‘One come
know the French foot, the German foot,-‘-t ‘'
Italian,’ English and Holland foot by the shape-
shoe that ‘covers it. This is more than 3'1;
matter of national fashion, though that, of con”
plays a part," it has to do as well with the fa
of the foot. ‘ T _

Thus it is not surprising to learn that A
ican*shoes have been worryingthe Filipinos:

-last that ﬁts the"American doughboy.doe

ride so wellon the foot of the native soldie
the Philip ines. LI-Ience a special type of
made not ere but in the islands, isvhereaft
be provided for the Philippinescouts. , ‘  
“The endeavor satisfactorily‘ to ﬁt "shoes

' the Philippine scouts,” say army experts,
« —minated in the appointment of, aboard of‘

officers which recently‘ conve ed in the P,
pine Islands. This board re *
can shoes are not’ suitable for the Phil

scouts, among _whom, there _ar_e difference
feet ‘due to tribal characteristics. This; "

found that the native foot differs material!

the American or European

oot. . ,
- “In recommendations on t e subject t j

K ‘ ical Department suggested that the dev‘ pl

of the proper type of shoe for military pers
of’ the Filipino race should be based, upon the.
thatpmany Filipinos do not wear shoes, 3 a
enerations *' their feet,\ It ‘
to the binding of "

f the fO_Ot";l_S,§l:D * Ina

  

been accustome

   
  
      
    
  
  
    
   
  
  

_' 25,00-" WORKERS LOSE LIVESIN

‘ SINGLE YEAR

A report that 25,000 workers were killed in
year, in the United States served to spur a
1 commission to give extreme importance to
ternational conference to be held at Geneva;

lbert Thomas, Director of the International
bor Oﬁice, told the "committee that f‘massacre
human life on the ﬁeld of labor is as cruel.
he/massacre on the ﬁeld of battle in wartime.”

urther reports indicated that‘ labor accidents
the United States cost $4,000,000,'000 annually
;in France 4,000,000,000 francs. ,, '

. NOBEL PRIZES AND WINNERS
AAccording to a report of the Nobel Foundation
total funds now amount to nearly 31,000,000
crowns, or more than $8,000,000; Beginningin
901, Nobel prizes amounting to a total value of
eefn thirteen and fourteen million crowns‘
" 13: been awarded. Of these, 23, prizes went ‘to
, °cal_men, 23 were awarded in chemistry, 32 in
iysics, 25 in literature and 28 for the promotion
“ peace. The ,,recipients of prizes included 30
, ans, 24 Frenchmen, 20 En lishmen, 9
edes, 8 Americans, 7 Swiss; Hol anders and
anes, 6 each; Belgians, Norwegians. Italians
‘id Austrians, 4 each; Spaniards, 3; Canadians,
and Russians, 2 each; Irish and Bengalese,
ch/. ,‘Of the peace prizes 6 went to France, 4
Switzerland and 4 to America. - ’

OOLIDGE COULDN’T PAY TAXES ON
  WASHINGTON RESIDENCE’ _ ,
"'de_nt Coolidge, according to William P.
 tax assessor for the District of Colum-

 
   
   
   
    
    
   
   
  
    
  
     
       
   
 
     
 
   
   
   
   
 
        

 es_from- his salary if he owned the White
o’ goancl the grounds around it, valued at $22,-
%,I . _ _ _ '

I he—.;Capitol and. grounds are assessed at $53,-
5 000; Treasury Building and lot at $23.000,-,
’ 1:Iie'Hquse Office Building at $5,000,000; the ’
te Office Biulding, $53000.000; the State), War
avy Buildinm. $13.500,000; the Con"9,‘res- '
Lilarary, $10,000,000, and the_Pat_en_t Office,

properties, belonging to Uncle Sa_ih,.are'
~ ee.‘ Theassessments are based on the value
“ jacent property; . ‘ — ~ - . '

CE CARNIVALTO BE COLORFUL
=:1‘§}2aa*atiqns are well under way for the spec-
,‘u*la_riiice"'carnival depicting episodes of _the
 of Catherine the Great, entitled “A Night
St I9Ioritz,” which is to be staked in Madison
Garden, on the night of Jan._ 11 in aid of
_ ~-York Music Week Association.
1; M_i_isic_Associa.tion, of which Miss; Isabel
W11 is irector, has for severalyears. con‘-'
 a . series o£‘_,contests and - auditions for

     
   
     
 

  

     

  

a com-

   

di/Auer,PR.3;hmaninoﬁ and Bauer.‘

. ;FA'ME , .A5}ND:  5
, CURRENT News  

_ thrive on it.

y the ,diet_ of some pigeons. - _ g V
= ‘the diet group which were given a few spoonfuls‘ "

' gled into the dovecote hours behind time.

    
 

’ Iorwleadiiig; musical ‘artists, iiicludirig. . .
Miss Ann N_icho1as‘ana..1,.

 

C. Stanley Mitchell have succeeded in gaining the '

assistance of men and women who are not only. 

interested in skating, but also in music. Mrs.‘
Tremper Longman is directing the spectacle. A.
feature of it will be the display‘ of magniﬁcent
Russian sleighs of the period to‘ be drawn by
reindeer across the ice. Miss Beatrice Lough:-an,
skating champion for North America; Mrs. Ther- ,_
esa B1anchard,_ Miss Maribel ‘Vinson, Nathaniel" I
W. Miles, Sherwin C. Badger and Roger P. Tur-

S

ener, all of whom have been champions, will ﬁgo ,-

ure also in the events.—N. Y. Times.

HUDSON SEAL BECOMES A STYLISH - ’
TRIMMING‘ 1‘ i , ‘

Hudson seal is the first of the heavier furs to
be cut up into the complicated piecings and in-
crustations that are now so much in vogue for .
coats and gowns of silk and wool. Henri Vergne
shows some of the .most ambitious of these intri-
cately seamed effects. One coat of Hudson seal '~ _
was seamed both front and back in a series off
laddering V’s and was draped to the left.
most everything imaginable has beendone to fur ,'
heretofore except to drape it—it has always been,’ *”<"
‘considered’ too bulky for that.—-but this coat man- ’ _ .
agesto introduce dra ing and still retainboth ‘
its slenderness and c_ic. j

Muffs have come back‘. Rather shrinking and  "
inconspicuous little muffs, to be sure, but muffs 34,‘
for ‘all that. Generally they are made in a’ semi?” " f=
circular shape about twelve inches across. If _a7,., _"
"small, round and ﬂat pillow, with a gathered‘-' '_
puﬁing encircling it, were to be cut in two.’ the’. 
result would look ver much like these little 
muffs. They‘ are ma e in breitschwantz, in . .
shaved lamb or in any ’of’th“eic1ipped furs ‘of
cloth-like texture. ‘

 

swio or RED WINE PUTS PEP IN iiENs~ I

AND HOMING PIGEONS FORGET HOMES ‘
Liquor, roblems ‘have developed even in the
bird worldr.) , ,. ;

French authorities are practically unanimous’ ".'
in their belief ‘that red wine contains hirzhly_val-,—
uable vitamins and Dr. Rougier ofthe‘ Bordeaux.
_Medical College«.d<*cla_res that tests show pigeons‘ . .
, Oflier observers have replied with  "
the assertion that homing pigeons which are g{lV_- ,‘
en wine never get home.- ' _ , 9 i v -_‘ V

V Dr. Rougier extracted all the vitamins from 
e said that «those -in 

 

of‘Bord-eaux wine daily remahied alert and vigor- , ' .
ous while the dry ones wilted. He said also that

the wilted ones revived rapidly when they took to i '
strong drinks. , , 

Prohibition advocates, on the other hand, cite.

a recent experience of a group of ﬁfty Belg‘iagi_
homing pigeons, half of which started a;_'l,0l1l\!'ley.
dry while the other half were given a ration of
red Burgundy. The dry pigeons ﬂew home and _
the wet ones disappeared. A few of them strag- g

.] Laying liens showtheir appreciation for an
al- drinkvbyylayi more eggs._ it was an’-3.
ed.h‘ere"‘recently_ ta. ter, completion-vof sev-~
iment‘s",with ‘hens: = - ‘ A ‘

       
 

 

A,‘ 

  

 ,.\

       

2

— Latest

1111, Jack J a-sper’s Venture; or, A Canal Route to
. ’ Fortune._ ‘ v

“[1112 After“Bi;z Money: or. Turning the Tables

 

 
  

i117 Rough and Ready Dick:

11118 Tipped Oil’ by Telegraph:

.1 1122. Digging:

 for sale by Hall newﬁsdealers, or Tvill be sent to any
‘; M money or postage St§lnP3- .

'*   V 'ﬁjWE‘.STB’.1JRY Pususnino co., net  

on the Wall Street Brokers.

" 1113 A Young Lumber King: or, The Boy Who

VWorked His Way Up.

1 1 1114 Ralph Roy's Riches; or, A SmartBoy’s Run

of V Wall Street. .

,‘ ‘111s"A‘castnway'e Fortune: or, The Hunt go: a

Pirate’s Gold.

1116 The Lime Money Maker: or, The Wall
‘S . Street Boy Who‘ Saved the Market.

or. A Young 1!}:-
‘ press Agent's Luck. ‘ ‘
orfshaking Up
the Wall Street “Bears.’~’ 

 1119 The Boy Builder; or, The Rise of a Young»

Mason.
1120 Marty, the’ Messenger; or, Capturing Coin
S ’ ' in Wall Street. '4 * ,
1121 The Stolen Bank Note; or, The Career of a
Boy V Merchant.

Up Dollars; or, The Nerve of a
Young “Bull" Operator, “

.1123 A Runaway,Boy: or, The Buried Treasure

of the Incas.

V  1124 The old Broker’s ﬁeir; or, The Boy? Who

Won. In Wall Street. 1

11125 From Farm to Fortune; or, The Boy Who
‘ .Made Money In Land. v

1,1263Rugged Rob of Wall Street; or $50,600 From
a Dime. 1

;_ ' 1127 The Boy’ Railroad Magnate; or“, The Con- ’

tract That Brought’ a Million.

1 1128 Q_andy Dick, the Boy Boss Broker; or, Hus-

tlingg for Gold in Wall Street. ,

1 = » r1129(Caught By Cannibals; or The ‘Treasure of

the Land of Fire.

 1130 The Little Operator; or, Cornering the

“Bears” of Wall Street.

  1131 Air Line Ed;'o_i* Building a Telegraph Line.

.1132. A Boyeof the Curb; or, The Secret of_a
1' Treasury Note. 1 ’ ‘

'.1133‘rFmm Foundry Boy to Steel King; or, The

Rise of a Young Bridge Builder.

 1 1134 The Missing: Box of Bullion; or, The Boy

Who Solved a Wall Street Mystery.

,.\.

 

:1   radar/-cStreeh

           weekly

11140 A Boy From the South; or, clennin} 

1147 ‘Wireless Will; or, The Success“ of is

1156 Bob.’s'Big Risk; or, The Chance
1157 Stranded in the.GoId Fields; or, The 1

address on receifit _of price. 8 cents  do

Issues -

1135 Claini No. 7; or. A Fortune from 
Mme. ‘ {V
1136 Out fo B‘ M ; 1, T 1.1-“ ‘U
Wall Enéi T.?ef‘.f.3'.e;°’.. °‘.’° ’_“:‘v “
.1137 The Boy Ice King; or, Coining Money In
the River. . F ’ ,
1188 Four of a Kind; or, Tha
Made Wall Street Hum.  A 1
1139301; Brandon Contractor; or The Tie"
That Led To Fame.‘ . ’ ' 

 
    
 
  
  
     
   
    
     
   
   
     
   
   
  
   

Combination’.

_ Wall Street Crowd.
1141 Hsilfthe Hustler; or, The‘ Feat That  ‘N

im Famous. V _ . . ‘

1142 A'Mad Broker’s Scheme; or, The Corner ‘

1 Couldn’t B'e‘Wvorked. > 1 I

1143 Dollars From Dust; or, . The Boys

Worked a Silver Mine. ' 1

1144 ‘Billy Black, the Broker's ‘A Son; or?

Worst Boyin Wall Street. ' , 

.1145 Adrift’ In the Sea; or, The Treasur

Lone Reef. ‘ 1 1 = 

1146 The Young Wall Street Jonah; or, The,
1 .Who Puzzled the Brokers- ‘

Telegraph Operator.
1148' Wall Street Jones; or Trimming th
Traders. ' "

1149 Fred the Faker; or,
‘ Street Merchant-.

The Success of 1 Yo
1151) The Lad From ’Frisco;‘ or, Pushing.

“Big Bonanza.” , V
1151 The Lure of Gold; or, The Treas,
Coﬂin Rock. ’ 5

  
        
   
   
  
     
  
  
    
  

1152 Money Maker Mack; tor, The Bo
Smashed, a Wall Street “Ring.~"

1153 Missing For a Year‘; or, Making 1’
y in Diamonds. f S '-
1154> Phil, the Plunger,
‘ ofchance. 'y , y

1155 Samson, the Boy Blacksmith; or,
Anvil to Fortune. "

or; [A Nervy Bqy"'

‘ 1 Tha

But Once.

ure; of S Van Diéman’s -Land. »
1158 “Old Mystery,” the’ Broker; or,=*Pl’
. V Daring Game.  F ’

 

  

