Three sharp repurts r.-mg mu from the rcvelver of Nic.k»C&rter.,‘ Jzcealed within the 3H\d&’¢ of mm. and ms
three Chinamcn sank in their tracts. m.:h¢_ Ky ﬂoor of the taw-

 -<.; J.»-4-~r'.-‘.

  

mu (<3 n§@gK”nir;

a‘[K:ILR7

 

 

» [mud Walb. By Subsonﬂtizu £2.50 peryaar. Euierod a: Second Class Matter al the N. Y. A»! Oﬁce. by'S'raI:E'r & SMITH. as Wﬂliam St, A/. Y.
Entered according to Act «If Cbugresr in Mayaar Ina. in II: Oﬁa oftk Latrar-I‘au of Campers, Was-Iu‘ng1an, D. C

No.45.

NEW YORK, October 1, 1904.

7

Price Five Cents.

 

    

ﬂE DEMONS OF THE NIGHT:

 V ’ 4 OR,_

 The Terrors of the ldol’s Cavern.

 

gammy czrncrcaxnvc CARTER.

:

. CHAPTER I.
7 A ‘ Aches LYNWODD'S_ nxsA"r1=:AnAuc.I:.
“Do you remember me, Mr. Carter?" _
3*Perfea1y well, Mr. Moran. ‘ You gave me some
wfrsaﬂe information in connection with my search for

   
  
  

inﬁue park. You :.m:_Edward Moran, Jr. What

i.

 

«; 48 for you .>';
.7"! ergo! you. to help me, if you will."

 
  
  

,  mg to ﬁnd 
,"AgnesiLYﬂwood?‘,"' T 7 1   
 lady ‘to  referred 

   
     

 demons who committed those strange mur-L

gmaixsxy-wm, if I qan, What do you‘ wigh gm

  
  
  
  

wood between the two paths in the park.* You will
remerhher that I‘ requested you not to require meta
give her name, unless it was important that you should
have it.” , “
“Ah! yes, Wen, what has become of her, since you
wish me to-eheip you to ﬁnd.her? Has she run away?"
. “She hag §isappeared.” ~ M '
"Indeed! ‘Since when?" M
‘ “Since three days ago."

~ 4‘Three‘days'ago? Why, that was the day following V
the night when Chick and I captured the murderers of ‘
 Mason and Dora Delmar. in the park." »

*«eves;rssr;"re      

  9‘ °“e°-‘e’

,#‘§«I a_:  made of her disappearance? I"

   
   

     
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
      
   
  
  
  
    
 
 
 
 
   
  
     
    

"I do not think it has been reported.”
“No? That is rather strange. Hasrft she parents ?"-
“Shehas a mother."
"Why hasn’t her mother reported it, then?" L
“Because the mother believes that the daughter ran

away with me.” i

  1‘/uu Isee. Thinks that you ran off together. were
a married, and that you are now kéeping her daughterrin
« hiding until the wrath blows Ever; is that it ?” 
 “That is exactly the case.” V y r A‘
i”“And is there any truth in it?” ’ ' ‘ 'a
‘flsscarcely regard it as necessary to ask the tint
§.1I1'°Q59}I-" ’ ; ii 1 p : 
<  “Ha? I may ask you a i many questions for
 will not see the necessity;~ Is. there any
[mo in it a . .
i"Norte, whatever.” ' ’ * ‘ ,  y ,
:; §i“Is there..any foundation forgghat beilef on tlieﬁiaart
aoiagthe anther?’  ‘ ,V * e 

J,.:

A _ “Indeed. I will touch upon that

point again’ late:-i,V”:..

 

1.7:}

.,1i:a:s:i:il,:h'at round‘  m.am 
 still are, yty ‘much in love with 
  /' _ ‘—~ fx ~ 4

 

 ’ ’

 
   

in

  

NEW ’N1cK°"?fc:ARrER WEEKLY.

a ward.”

“Yes: I  tony that fhc’1f>e‘i3v_3 oorrdiricrabieé’ ‘ '

. , it  “I told her that I would wait till Agnes was twer1ty- 
-  and than we

1 she  still beiher daughter, and that she 
V V wider no cireumsta.nee's ever give her consent to  
_ - im=riage.”~  1 ' .
i l ,“»She evidently  not» lilcepyou. Edwardf

     
  

.1,

   

“That ‘is what we think, Mr. Carter."

“I suppose that Mrs. Lynwood also thought her
daughter too young to have a lover?”

“I am perfectly willing to wait until Agnes is
twenty.” . ’

“Indeed! That is a good while; three years, Ed-‘A

“A hundred would not be too long to wait for Agnes
Lynwood.” '

— “Humphl You might both be a little gray by that
tinie,” said Nick, smiling.

“I suppose so; of course, I exaggerated when
said a-——-—-"

“Yes, yes; I know, What did the mother say when
you told her you were willing to wait till Agnes is [
twenty.” _ s V 

“She said it would make no diﬁerence if I waited
till she was forty; her objection would be just as posi- vi —
tive.”p \ s V . 5» 7
“And it was then, I suppose, whey you thueaterzedi
to run away with Agnes, eh ?” w  

“Yes, sir. ~.But not in the my ymxrthiulsjg

“No? How then ?”

I .

%

,...-.a;a-.a:~'.~n';~r>.«‘»:2«_; '

 

would get married without her coir-V‘ 

"What 'did she say to that?" ’ V _  
; “Said that she would lock her daugﬁm up so uaegob

she could not get away; that it would make no diﬁefr 7
¢noe‘whether Agnes was twenxy—one‘or forty-one, that t

    
 

l "“oi;,. the old lady likes me well enough. ’sh£"s.-in
the  It is her fault: as much as anybody-‘Q;

      
     
  
  
    
  
    
   
   
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
     
  

I‘-

New NICK cA.a'1:ER werzxu. 3

._ ‘Yes: Moran. She objects to it. She says she couid xj "This is the story as it was told to me: On the
mt rest iniher‘ grave if her daughter bore such a terrible evening of the day Agnes disappeared, she was seated
name as that.”  the library of the house with her mother. It was
7 “She would rather it were Heathcote, or Tithering- getting dark: but 31¢" "35 Stm 50"“: dayiighti it W35
or Feathe,-stoneaug-h_ 1 Suppose," hot dark enough to light the rooms. Agnes said she
_ "135,-,§t¢1y_" was going out for a breath of air, and she stepped

About how old is Mrs. Lynwood, Edward 2" through the window and leaped to the ground. which
;'—“:She is thi;-ty..5gv¢»n_; just twenty years older than was only about three feet under the window.”
 e ‘ “Well?” 

snag, sq-_,ttg [S s},c?- R531)’. 35 old as that? "‘That was the last thatwas seen of her. Her mother
'£h;_g;’is wﬁy you just now refgn-ed to her as ‘the 01d dropped asleep in her chair, so it was more than an V
i’j‘y,:’ ‘Iygnppos¢,”' hour before she missed Agnes, and even then she did . '“~
 was a~"slip, Mr. Carter. «It is a sort of pet ’ not miss her, but supposed her to be somewhere about "
tlatizethat I haverforher, when I want to- tease her." the grounds. which are very extensive. She called a
‘v‘Ij"-sag;  you am ye;-y fond of he;-....the mother, I ‘servant and sent him to ﬁnd her, but the servant re-
;  is ye;-yjomj of you, eh? is that it?” turned after a while and reported that Miss Agnes, 
their.” ’ _, . lshshe is calied. could not be found. Then the other e ‘e 1
'  charges  with having run away . Servants were called upon and a general search was in-  
'  V" i stituted. Not a trace of Agnes could he found any-
wumottm than that the book she had been reading
 43,,’  discovered upon her favorite sat, down at the  V

 

   
     
  
  
         
  
 
    

     

  
  

house.”
 chit." ’v « r ' ‘ 1,   is all, sir, unless you care to hear the gossip.
A J“ 1¢)mW°°d  A V V .  ofthe gardener. who was very fond of her.”
3  e _f ’ " ‘  V . "Of  I care to hear it. I wish to hear every-
;9f  I It 5’ W‘ “i ’  with the case at ail. and whatever gas-‘
  '” ' i ' ‘ theredgniaytbe, particularly. But ﬁrst, what is the at

    

..  T?‘-‘W 9”‘? **°'  _p“oa_at~ of his gossiping? «What does it portend? Tell
“i'ra5.“?'°"”‘“°‘"i”°".".“T"“""“"""‘   . d ' ’
   I 0?‘! the  of what he ;ays would indi-
.*,"..'.“'.f“?'. .”’."?  “..*li W    Asméwaa abducted -by an imaginary rot or

*  ’ " V “'. h¢ii1¢'iivIidcsthe¢a1l8.‘theDanonsot£heNizht"'

  

~‘~~ . 

    

.2

 
  

L 4 . L cnmvrsa in,
  sunemmox. H
 §Ij;I§t.'? said Nick Clrterurev

  

 

  

     
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
    
   
  
    
    
  

   

s NEW NICK.‘-CARTER WEEKLY.
M “He must have some reason for the use of sucl1,a.I would have to wait a long time before she could forgive; e A
phrase." A A  either of us. That is as much as‘I know about it.”
“I suppose he has—-—or thinks he has. The old man “Now, Edward, as a matter of fact, have you any
4 has been at Lynwood so many years that he has peopled jidea at all where Agnes is ?”
V it with all sorts of ghosts; and among them, and by no “No, sir; I have not."
mitans the least ghostly, are the Demons of the Night." “What is your own idea of the disappearance? You
if “What do you know about them?” . « ‘ do not appear to be very greatly exercised over it.
“Nothing at all.” 1 ' 7 You are not as worried as you should be, under the cir-
"What isthe story which the gardener tells you, in‘ cumstances.” A
‘reference to their being accountable for the disappear- A “Like Mrs. Lynwood,,I am more angry than W0!‘-_
awe of Agnes Lynwood ?” y ‘ I ' _; ried.” M
 “He merely asserts that they carried her i.oﬁ.”e_. e _ ‘ “Why?” ‘
 _he=.no treason-mthat is, no deﬁnite mica. tor 3 “Because 1 think that Agnes‘ mother knows where
 that assertion?’   V she is." i . , .
L ."Nothing which I would call aldeﬁxijte reason." 3 e ,“Ah! I see. You think that the mother has spirited 9 

: .-i~.\e;_. _4(.~AV -...i ._‘..nL._...4-.,.',_.A;?,4. L." " ‘ "

 

   
 
  

yyslllrfiiatyis thegardener’_s name?" i 7 _i t the daughter away in order to get her out of your ya
Jmqlike, 1 don't think he has a last name; if he has reach.” a 

{have nev=r‘h¢’au: it.” i i o ,  “Yes, sir: that is exactly what I think.” 
t“:VVell,i this oiieasion ofithe disappearance of is f‘And in spite of that fact, you wish me to findiherﬁ
 first tyirne he  referredttoitlie Demons at for you.” ‘ _  ‘ t  V % t  
ight, is it?"  i  ' in  ' L I  i “It is quite natural that I should wish to knowwhere,;:'
"T3'i£lr|I’%inly’ndL"ib    5  , the is,” replied Moran” l*‘I‘»;kQQWr':‘£,9§:»
When diayyqityyﬁrllt hearahout them?” ye .‘ ='  Agnes would not consent to remain auiay 
 Inns‘  I can  alupgf. 1 have for anﬁlength of time, without letting me know where
Lynwooti I-lull at“intervals.evft§1fksineee Irv.-as 3, she is Mrs. Lynwood claims that Ihave taken “hex,
   daughter away. Now there is always a possibility.
in    around that. since Mrs. Lynwoodis apparently wrong in
   on —. ‘stated surmise, lmay also be wrong in mine. andtha
' '  ‘ 4' ' 1      Vi _  V ’ ’ Agnes may really have met with any attcident,
' V- y  orfisss,      t V _ -,fallen'into,danger of some.kin«:.'  point 
l‘    think it ‘is_.’ast»oldlias_'het'is.i"‘  ' .g “I see the point quite ‘plainly, at-idjit is well 
bognyljse5neyt1Mugi;§uqg9¢¢::,;,,¢gt1ie_digf.Eawani.t It is not at all T likely. ‘-u§n;1.._-o the 
     .      stances, that Mrs.yLynwood would care to 
 ' l l M  it , .3  wean. ' 2 around LynW'°od’I~1au,is inf : “
H  hit . 1 99513: fepudiatﬁd the idea Qfmy  t

     

        
 
  

  
  
 
  
  
   
 
    

 
  
   

       
   

    
 
   

'w-he ~inte:rupted by; apt:  i
’s  

2

  
 
   

     

    

    

l“Ah 1” said Nick; and he hastened to his private
room where the receiver was standing upon the table
 awaiting him.

5.  He placed it against his ear and said:

 ‘fHeIlo! This is Mr. Carter. Who wants me?”

b

 

“I am Mrs. Lynwood,” was the reply. “I am at my

country seat on Long Island——'-Lynwood Hall.”

._ “Yes; and in what way can I serve you, Mrs. Lyn-_r
i‘ ‘wood ?”

i A “Could you come down here to-day ?” was the next
I — question.

.’ _ “Yes; I think so, if it is important that I should do
 so. ~ Wltat is the trouble?”

It‘ /“My daughter has disappeared. The circumstances
._gire somewhat strange. At ﬁrst I convinced myself
, _.;thaf she hadlgone away of her own free will, but now
"I am, getting anxious lest I have made a mistake. I
 you can come here at once.” »

 I “I think I can be there about two o'clock this after-
jgfnoon, Mrs. Lynwood.”

ii. “Thank you. I will have a carriage at the station to

  
 
 
  

 

. ‘ £99“

 
    
  
   
  
   
 
  
   
  
  

 .  .  , ,\ :   ..

l M - 01" ‘Please do rioltido that. I prefer to arrive with-
” ‘  aeiyheralding. You need not mention to anybody
t Ilarn coming or that you have sent for mt}, only
V prepared to see me, between _two and three this

~afternoon.”. .

"Verywell, sir.” ' .

“Is that all, for the present, Mrs. Lynwood ?”
“wished tnettly til) add that in case young M1-_
an ard -Moran should call upon you in regard’ to the
 matter, during the day, I would like you to ques-
pf  very closely. It is possible that he may know!
  my daugliter is.” ' " ' _ ‘

1  I understand you, Mrs.\Lynwood,” replied

A '.“Iwil‘ldoso.gGood,-by.” ’ ‘
  up the receiver before more could be said
 side, and in a nionientl'more- was back in the"
it  hehad leftpEdward Moran. \ g
" he said‘, ‘fl think I oughtito be frank with
I me yith being a ‘very

,,‘ ." .

 

  

     

‘NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ‘ 5

“I was called out to reply to a telephone call from
Mrs. Lynwood.” '

f‘Frorn Mrs. Lynwood ?”

“Yes. I think, judging by the sound of her voice
and the evident anxiety it expressed, that she was sin-
cere when she charged you with abducting Agnes, and
that she has had no hand in it. I am- inclined to believe,
Edward, that Agnes has really disappeared, and that,

‘without the connivance of either of you.”

“But——my God, Mr. Carter! If that is so. where has
she gone? Where is she ?"

“We cannot answer that question now, Edward.”

“Nothing could happen to her there, at Lynwood,
without the connivance of her‘ mother, sir.”

“And her mother believes that nothing could have
happened to her there without your connivance.”

Edward was silent for a rnoment, thinking. When
he raised his head again, presently, he asked:

7 ‘.‘Are you going to Lynwood Hall?”

“Yes.”

“When?”

“At once.”

“May I go with you?”

‘ “No; but you may appear there-—indeed, I wish you
to appear there late this aftemoon.”

“At any time you say, sir.”

‘I would like you to be there at live o’clock. I am
goingxat once. I shall arrive there about noon, or a
little before,‘but I shall not report to Mrs. Lynwood
until two.’ In the meantime, I can look around me,
talk with the gardener, and in other ways ﬁnd out the
general lay of the land.
o’clock.” .

“I will be there, sir. But will it be right for me
to go again so soon after I have been ordered never
to show my face there again ?” '

I will want you at ﬁve

, . “You will be received. You need have no anxiety on

that account. Now, Edward,‘ a few questions.”
.‘‘_Yes}, sir.” '

«Do you
 this thing herself, for the sake of a prank upon
an" ’. * e ‘

suppose it possible that Agnes.could have ‘

      
  
  

\\

 

    

 
    
    
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
   
   
    
    
   
    
    
  

-<; .;

gone away of her own accord?"

“Absolutely so, sir.”

“Then it follows that something has happened to her.
_ You say her book was discovered op a bench at the
‘boat house. It is evident, then, that she went there
after leaving her mother. Could Agnes swim ?”
b_ “Liko it ﬁsh. She is the best swimmer I ever saw;
for a girl.” _ ’ V ‘i “

“So. if she had fallen into the hay-:--—”

1 "She would have swum out again without any trou-
A3 13!: Whatever." «
’ ”7.i‘Evm with all her clothint on her ?”
r “Yes; even so.” ,
“That. my laid, it follows .th_atthere'may be some-L V
.  in this legend of the gardener’: about the 
the Niﬂm V‘ D0 you knew what they are? ‘Or,
"rather, what Mike believes-them to be?" , T i V
¥;Merel3_rra. lot of shadowy forms which he hasrsccn
 lheplaice after nightfall; He claims that ‘he
  often, sand‘ that they, inevitably disap-
hr; t  foot of a huge bluff which overlooks the

 
 

        
    
      
       
   
 
   
   
 
     
  
   
 
    

"  3n3nhing- to disappear at all." ¢ » v i it ,.,

”f‘Humph 2"  Niels. , mm; maybe 

  

ta we

waited Demons. of the Night thai1’we,thinlg§ At an

iv  5 Mike’! Mwstitice   he invcatis
 of the iwijyht isjtne f
 mo tl1q‘hI:ﬂdt of melt  p p  —   

' -u-auwnuuuu-n . g

  

  

 A ~ id id   .NEti/ Ni§K“p-£fj4éiRTRR WEEKLlY.i

"i V “Are you positive in your own mind that she has i
e ‘ earth on the spot, he presented himself before the as- V

"‘I never heard tell of :1 Tim O’Too1e‘on this side at the _ 1 ‘I

 l‘ V; N Place. in fact, when it would .l=e.inzpossible 

‘are ye come here all theway from the old eouptzy to
:_)work,»with you a few days; to hall? 39“  they
_— pldce while there is a lot to do, and River a pearly 

  o erriight, ‘ Mebbypyou’11vtake'mAc on for ; fcvi}

 i l  5  1 win, Tint, sure i Do ye knots‘. gpything about
i -  ‘.  i ’ ‘‘

grounds, and presently. as if he had risen from the

tonished Mike. _ ‘
“Hello, Mike,” he said. “Is it you P”

“It is,” replied Mike; “noless. And who (city you 1
be?” ' _;_A_‘  i 
“I’m Tim,” said Nicli - V ;
“Tim, is it? Tim who?” 
“Tim O'Toole, no Iess.” ‘ 
‘fSuie,” said Mike, scratching his head in perplexity, , 

wather or the other.” _
"Then, bedad, you’ve learned something this dty, V E‘
for I am Tim O’Toole.” ‘ ' ' M‘
"And who was your’ father, Tim?” d ;
“My uncle’s brother; no less; and by the same  
he was husband to me mother. I come from the west. ‘
coast-——from the river Shaman, and they told me  F
rm cousin, Mike, was here, pullin’ weeds an’ consortia’ 
wicl the Demons of the Night, so——————’’ i‘ A
"Whist, laddlel Sure, wltin eye make use oilethgst: V
term, whisper it.” i L ‘ 7 T ‘
~“I,_r it true, then, Mike?'f.=w  »  
“hue, is it? Sure do you think I would be 
manufacturing a whole rigmarole out ave nothiq’ at ‘
all? Tree, is it? A)?» it’s.tr;xe enough. Faith, Tim.

N‘

N

laugh at old Mike?” to . ’

‘ “Laugh. is it? New a laugh. Mike No; I came 

   

want save only a few paratics to eat. and a 

 ‘till it git my bearings and know where to 

5

I

".?'r>°»?riIo? Want I we  
_  ,  didtz’t_‘I'wot_'k all’  on   ’
W¢§3n:nt1d :;m:n= ram 9511 i'°~i oouldtft 

 
  

  
 
  
     
   
  
    
   
   

 
 

J toworlc, and for tfthejollowing half‘ hour there
'  icéteely a word spoken between them.
;.NIdt knew that the best way in which to gain the
 ofthe old man was not to seek it, but to
V for it to_come of its own accord, and, prcaently.
en they had weedcd several of the beds} Mike ﬁlled
pipe and seated himself on the grass while he
ynched, (with severe eyes. the work of his new recruit.
The detective worked on in silence, never raising his
$5 the and atlast the patience of the old man was ex-
'f“Tini.” he said.
‘fight’: me, Mike,” replied the detective.
‘§‘I;a'=’\vel»ye a tongue in your head ?”

hive. that?’ ‘ _
 how to use it?" ‘
ebbytt’: tired‘ and yo\:’re 'reatin' it."
‘f_Faith,¢ ’tis._ Tim  knows better than to
3 j;g.ngae»:a~-rmggiril' rrilthe presence of his em-

 
 
 
 
 
  
 

’  3*m_’5§i1dint.j.over  weeds and continu-
 ' tljernwith4thevsarnetcare he had exereiled

     
  
  

ilﬂt  um rm.

     

' NEW max CARTER WEEKLY.

_  lv;aJid_M‘llee, after as}?

   l 

 

 

dener’s ooat, ﬁlled his pipe, lighted it, and seated him-
self on the ‘ground beside him.

“Whin did you come over?” asked Mike.

v “Last week, no less”

“And what have you been doing since that time ?”

“Nothin’ at all, at all.”

“Who told you that I was here?”

“Rory O’Goegheghan, of Athlone,” replied Nick, at
2, Venture, ‘manufacturing a name with the rapidity. of

“Rory. was it ?" said Mike. “Sure, I know no Rory.
There was a Terrence and a Michael. but I remimber

’ no Rory."

“Mebby he was born afthcr you left the old parts,”
said Nick “He is 3 youngish man now; not much
older than I am”

"Faith, that must be it; was it Rory who to you 4

about the little Demons av the Night?”
_ ‘It was. He said you had writ home about it in a
A letter which the parish priest wrote for you.”

"It's 3 lie,” said Mike, placidly. “Sure the father

—  write a— word about them. and he only'xaaidb"‘

inn o‘f,.me whio ‘faxed him.
’ lwritelte mm." 5
“Who may she be, Mike?”
“Arr  no less.” said Mike.
“Your Ifliatchoatt. mebby.” ventured the pseudo

’Twas Miss Aggie who

“  ' ’ lad! V Would lib: afther havin’ I swatelteart
‘,at my ﬂ8‘_l’". '

l»"Wh”yenot? Sure. veg might be me owg brother

, from the looks or yousfsaid Nick. with soft blamey.    

 is  then. this Mjss Aggie?"

 wing." I
rd may t6’l.1cr."vsaid Nick.

 

 

  

 colleen; and an angel’ if there,

   
    

   
    

I

   
  
    
   
    
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
 
 

'f‘Do ye mane thim divils av the night ?"i
“That's what I mane. They’ve got her.
cm .

y“And do you mean to tell me, Mike O"I‘oole, that ye
stood lookin’ on while the'Demons av the Night car-
ried away your angel, and that ye never raised a hand
to stop them?" i i

Isaw

‘ eutful of the implication upon his courage. “Sure,
=ai{1n*e1 see her down by the boathouse, and didn’t I
see the little divils come up out av the say in the half
dark, wid their bodies all aﬂame wid the ﬂames of brim-
static?’ And didn't I see thim swarm around her like
its and lape into the say wid her?‘ And didn’t I
L gm: two leg: almost off me, strivin’. to git to her?
tail didn't I ve me spade in me hand ,a wavin’ it?
 ’ ‘ have fought ‘wid the hull hell's boilin’

 t I could: have got to thim? And whin I got
so the little ‘wharf at the boathouse where_.a_h‘e had
. 'ttihg, wasn’t she, and all the little demons what
 clean out  _sight' intirely?
eyyggave  no chanst to light wid ’e:n, at all,

   

."Did you let: e;’e:_.>" eeleea ee.-’peeude ‘me,  e
  ‘I   
 it,’ ,Mlke."I 9, .   
i  have_n':s’ti I ~toId,yei; about it just’ nqwfl‘
.mcith¢plac¢whereyouua;sv~it?"’  f7

   

 
 

  

  arm and   

   

     
   
  
   

   
    

   

v "
9’ "iii. i

   

  
    
     

, New ‘NICK cAR‘;‘EIi WEE

“Raised a hand; is it?" exclaimed Mike, angrily,re— »

T V out at any mimtte, and I was jist going down tohe? it i

l _ demons appeared all around her, all of a sudden.’’,

V ‘H weather?"  A

tram which: .getj'a i
 '_"What.did they
a   ,jfLa;e,c_i;v:,1s,isure."'. ‘  7 f  »
 I e-‘memo. too?" . ‘  

   ’ 

Y. ' *

“Sperrits? Divils, more likely. The wather’s full
av thim.” ‘ '

“I never heard av divils living in the wather,” said
Nick, thoughtfully. “Fire, me_bby ; but never in
wather.” . '

“These do; and by the same token they carry the ﬁre
wid ’em to kape oﬁ the damp, for ivry time I see thim,
they’re all ablaze wid a blue ﬂame shootin' up all over
their bodies. And don’t they dive into the wather and
disappear? And don’t they come out av the wather ?’'.A « 2

“Sure, Mike; I have an idea,” said Nick. :

“What is it ?”.

"Git his riverence to bless the wather. Faith, they
couldn’t live in it then. They'd cdme out av it like 7‘
wather out av a sponge; and thin——” '

p “Sure, Iithought of that. But his riverence only J
‘ laughed at rue. He said it would be a sinful waste at .__V-
holy wather to bless the whcile bay, and I’d have my 
catch my divils some other way." it 
i “And what thin, Mike? Go on wid the story,"

‘.‘W'ell, ’she,&at there, drar:iin', alrtf me a estandinf ’
thinking. I was wondering if it was safe for her tosit?

' there with thedivils all 3‘I'O‘ﬁ!xd.ibQ1"Knd.,]u‘l:‘s€1..¥ 

   
  
 
      
   

I5
3140
no

-to tell herzthat shehad better come away, when the

  

3‘

( "Where did they come...£,rom?” p g 
‘j‘.'Sure, didn't I tell you they came out av 
3. “And how manylwas there?’ _ l‘ .  :37

V “As many asyou could count on your two haads, *

   
 

look like?"

        
 
 
 

, ., .

don’t  divilslavh I

V .gtahl:e‘d

    

them wrap something around her. It was like a cloak
only it was all black and glossy, and it blaged with the
g same ﬁres of hades that they wear on their own clothes;
’ and then, begorra, they laped into the say wid her.”
“Whist!” said Nick. “They wouldn’t drown her
and thimselves, too.”
“Drown, is it? Faith, didn’t I tell you they live in
the wather P"
“But she couldn’t live in the wather, if they do?”
I . “Faith, they took her there anyway; and whin I
' got there. there wasn’t a ripple.”
“Are you sure, Mike, that ye didn’t run the other
‘. V way ﬁrst ?” asked Nick, slowly. “How soon was it
. afther they l’aped inty the wather that you got there?
I Tell the truth, now, on your blessed soul!”
, “Well, Tim, mebby I did run the other way at ﬁrst.
i h Sure, I ain't got no call to be chasin’ afther divils who
‘live in the wather and whqgo around all covered wid
vblazin’ ﬁre; but I got there as soon as I‘ could, and

there wasn’t a ripple on the wather nor a sign of Miss .

Aggie to be seen anywhere. And so I say, Tim, the
i;   80¢ her; no less”
“Mebby so, Mike; mebby so,” replied Nick. “But
i‘   if she’s ap angel, they can’t hurt her; and by the
,5, same token, if we are men, we’ll ﬁnd her and rescue
 her, even if a thousand devils and all the ﬁres of hell
 in our way. Shall we shake hands on that,
3 j "Mike?"
 2 “We will,” said Mike.

  

    
   
   
      
 
  

 

CHAPTER IV.
‘rm; LETTER non -rm: venous.

’. u

.« 7 «  say that there are as many as ten of them ?"
~  Nick. .
“-‘Av the divils? Sure. Some

times I see three or

"I of_ but there more often than anywhere else.

 

   
 

  all about the old place, i

1

NE\V NICK CARTER \VEEKLY. _ 9

they are always near to the wather, or at laste they go
for the wather as soon as they know I see them.”

“So they are aware of the fact that you see them,
are they ?”

.“Faith, they are that.
little loft over the toolhouse some nights and talk

Don’t they come into my

to me? And don’t they say to me that if I tell what
they do they'll blister me with brirnstone for the rest
av me days? Sure, they overrun the place, and wanct

whin I

was on the point av‘ packing me duds and
skipping out in order to git rid av thim, didn’t they
come to me little room while I was in bed, and didn’t
they stand around it and tell me that if I left the place
they'd‘ follow inc and bring me back, and then they'd
take me down under the wather to where they live, and
kape me there, and roast me till I was the color of thim-
selves?”

“What color are they. Mike?”

“Faith, I dunno.
black as nagurs; thin again I think they are red; thin

they look sorter yellow, and sure I dunno what color

Sometimes I think they are as

they are, only that they ain't white at all. at all, like

we are.”

“And they come to your room ?”

“They do that.”

“Often ?” , 4

“No, thank the blessed Virgin!”

“And have you see\n any of them since they captured
Miss Agnes ?”

“Not a sign of them. ‘Not a hair of them.”

“Are they big men? As big as we are?”

“Purty near; mebby not quite so big.”

“And how are they dressed, Mike ?”

“In tights, no less. Sure they wear only one gar«
ment, and that stretches from their heads to their feet.
like the pictures you see av the divil, only they don't
wear the horns and the tail; and it's all black, excapt
where the blue ﬂames dart around it all. Faith, Tim,
to tell you the truth, I don't look at them much.__ I

stick me head under, the bedclothes and wait an zheyré  

)9 *5 I

am »
“When did you first see them, Mike? Nnawlong

  
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
 
  
   
   
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
  

I

"Sure, it's two years or more now, since they first
came to me.” -
.“Tell me about that first time.”

here but a short time when one night I heard a noise

-what it was, and whin I was down there'lookin’ around
me in the dark, I raised we head or a sudden and found
 they were all around me. I was that frightened
I that I let out a yell, and when I yelled, they all chuckle
'lnd laughed, as if it amused thim.” _ '
 “An' what did you do then?” ‘ .

‘ , “Sure, I got down on me two knees and told thin:
it was Mike O’Toole and that I had never harrurned

 man in site-life; and at that they laughed ag‘in; and

hack, and me two feet together;.and they tied a rag
 "me two eyes, and faith I’ think they carried me
  miles. no less. Mther that they ch-oppd me sud-
 whin they took the bandage off me two eyes,
I thought I was in hiven, or hell. org: worse place,
..splendid wid everything shining aroundme,
I ue flames a-lickinithe dome av the place forninst
tworeyes, and the wather a-drippin’ around me to
the hand.” ' t‘ . .
__ isis a fairy story you are telling me, Mike."
 'ure,it’s than-uth,ino less and it was (rocky ﬂute,

,1; av i.t;_and all thign divils. in_,ht_sch azdancln’
V  me. and bowin‘V.and'h¢rapin’;betore u hld_'y'us-
’ if ‘#1019’ I “"93 "Wk  like tin aV.i1W3¥'

  

  

in his own hed'in'the;_1ott,svu_ the toolltouse

INEW NICK charan WEEKLY.

“There's mighty little to tell, Tim. I hadn't been ’

down by the boathouse. I got up out av me bed to see (

aim, Tim, they tied me two hands together behind me

 roof wit! the winner a-lakin’ hhrough the.

t._l. I was that sated that I  awayithing
 there, and sure whialfopened the two oyu again, .,

dtvtl’.s’tign.av~the‘p&tnted  around manna-,

replied. "I chose to come this way because ,1 belicv
_::,.'1-tﬁuld serve you better if it were not known about 

     

. . 1
The story told to him by the gardener meant a great

deal, or it meant nothing at all, and the detective was I
inclined to the former view of the casd.

“Mike,” he said, presently, “who is your mistress?”

“Mrs. Lynwood; and a foine lady she is, too." 7

“Maybe she would take me on here, and let me ~ I
stay and help you with the garden. Sure, if she'll do
that, I'll help you fight them divils. Would Y°h like‘
to have me stay?” , 4

“Sure, I would that, Tint?’ .

“Shall I go and ask her ?” - I

“Why not? She can't no more than say no; and
faith if I'm left here alone wid the demons much longer
I'll go mad entirely, so I will.”

“Wait here, then," said Nick, “and I'll have a try
at it.” '

' He let! the gardener still smoking his pipe and huro H
ried toward the house, skirting it as he approached f
in the hope that he would encounter the mistress and  
Io avoid the necessity of applying to her through the J
servants. ~ ‘I " 

He was not disappointed.

Mrs. Lynwood was seatedalane‘ on  V;
anda, and he approached quite close to her before he 
announced himself. ~ 5 

"I am Nick Carter,” he said to her, then. "I havefv ."
been on the ground: for an hour or more making ,v;hat,"}, .1
little investigation I could, and now. if you please, I" 
would like to talk the matter over with you.” 2’  
I . Mrs. Lynwood zleaped to her feet at the first met»  
tion of Nick Carter’: name; and she let her eyes rest;
yiercinglyiupon him while he completed the sentence.’

“If you are Nick Carter.» how did you know that I’,
.wsn3ud you 7" she asked, still in doubt if he were really
Vwhio» he said he was. 9 A ..  A
. "B_eeause- you‘ told me‘ over the telephone," he i’

 
 
    
    
       
  
 
    

  

 
  
  

. .1

    

h

‘fl went straight to your gardener. Mike.
hi’ ' ready accepted by him as a possible assistant, if only
, you approve———which I trust you will do. And now, if

you please, don’t you think it would be well if we step

I am al-

.- inside while we do the talking?”
“Yes; come in." g
‘ She led the way through the wide door into the hall
’ » and thence into the library; the very room from which
5 Agnes had disappeared when she passed through the
 window into oblivion.
 I “Now tell mevabout it," said Nick. “I already know
 when it was and how it was, for Edward Moran has
.  to see me. Indeed he was with me whenyyou
  5 telephoned."
V " “And did he tell you what I charged him with?”
I  “Yes; he said you accused him of running off with
 daughter.” ., V

, t‘‘At first, Mr-. Carter, 1 really supposed that he had V
I  so. Later, I decided that I had made a mistake ;.

and yesterday I was of the opinion that Agnes had .
  of her love, of alark, but’

   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
       
      
       
   
     
 
 

 

ito—d‘ay—now—I know that she was abducted.”

 know it?‘ How Pf’

‘ “I have received a message from her abductors. Do
 ‘I-zappear strangely self—contained and passive under
-it _ this terrible ordeal, Mr. Carter? Do I speak calmly,
asgif there were no real trouble at hand? Well, I have
‘forced myself to do so. I I have sat there, .where you
found me, waiting, waiting, waiting, ever since I sent
'  telephone message to you, knowing that nothing
7 be done until you'arrived, and yet almost crazed
the necessity tor“ waiting.“ , -
 1-Ynwbodkiface, was pale and drawn, and as

 iCarterv~.replied, calmly: V - '
“You have  thus “ far,: Mrs. Lynwood; do

_.

  

  
 
   

tafworde ‘gave it into Niel<’s hand .

  

A blinds the eyes.

" —i give wai haw‘ You  ofia message; when iletter mean and why should the gold have been left

 drew awfolded slip  from  bosom»

  
  
    

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 11

 “Illustrious lady. mother of all the virtues! Mt xv.
beautiful of women. we prostrate ourselves a'. y-..r
feet: we kiss the edge of your gown; we aCknOV\'iC(i5T1:
ourselves slaves in your presence! Illustrious lady.
your daughter has been given to us by the king of
heaven. who first endowed her as a goddess and de-
creed that she should reign over us. Mother of all the
virtues, your daughter has at last come into her in-
heritance. Her beauty blinds us as the blazing sun
Her purity strengthens us as the sun
gives strength to" growing plants. Her wisdom will
teach us, as the sun lights the way for the traveler. If
you mourn for her. remember that in taking her from
you we have only obeyed the mandate of the king of
heaven, and that in keeping her with us, we do so
only that she may at the last guide us, one and all, into
the bright realm of the palaces of heaven.”

“VVhat nonsense is this?” asked the detective, rais-
ing his eyes to hers,

“I found it there.’
toward the table in the center of the room.

“When?” asked Nick. , 

“An hour ago; I entered the room from that door

replied Mrs. Lynwood, pointing

‘yonder, and as I did so, I fancied that a form stepped

through the window. I felt that it was there rather
than saw or heard it; and as I was passing the table
to look through the window to see if anyone were
there I found that letter, and upon it, as if for a weight
to hold it in placc~—this.” I

She stretched out her hand as she ceased speaking,
and Nick saw that her open palm contained ﬁve shining
coins-—-ﬁve bright pieces of gold, worth twenty dollars
each.

CHXPTER v. 
I ‘ma ESCAPE -rnnovcn nu: wusn. t I
“Gold?” said Nick.
“Yes; ﬁve>twenty—dollar gold pieces. What does. the

here with it, Mr. Carter?” she asked.

The detective shook his head _
 “I cannot answer those questions at once,” he re-.
‘ ; “and Iimusf confess that it is the first time I ‘h
 labc__1uctors_to turn the rule. about 

    

  
  
   
    
  
 
    
  
  
    
  
  
 
  

toy for the pleasures of abduction rather than to de-
inand ransom for them. What is your own idea of the
. matter, madam?”

i As the detective asked the question he noticed for
the first time how distraught Mrs. Lynwood really was.
She had held herself in so well until now that she
had deceived even Nick Carter regarding the real state
of her feelings; but now she swayed in her chair and
would have fallen out of it to thesfloor had he not
  forward and caught her. ' '
'. ‘,‘It is almost more than I can bear,” she said, faintly.
“but I will try to keep calm. ' It was the question
you asked which made me faint." i '
is‘: asked what your own ‘idea of the nnttei is," re-
peated Nick. ’ - ’ e

that ‘I had an id
.5!-IV,‘ ,  ’
Btttwhat is it?” V . . .-
no you happen to know, M:-[C i s. that‘ not in
i T. =there,is a settlemﬁll of -Chinamen?‘ 
gar eners, I’ believe, but there are manyoi -them.”

’ ,7es;;'I haye-heard of seyeral such places‘ anibeng

ea about it. It is too terrible--too

   

     

  
 

 

again, Astoria. But what «lilac? whauaas

.  know, sir; 1 am’: know,”_-she 
j y, ‘,‘I{,only‘ltnowe thatthe Chinameniewar-m

   
  

when I. am walking in my own.  I,J,see

this v)§'lghhothood..i¢m;iing an wrng‘ in»thei.r
‘ V’ Apuntil, have a;;npg:i.;uide,,.eg;ie‘,;i,is

  
 

  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

  is one near here.  say? ,1  V,
;mV.d_o_ the disappearance ofﬁyour daughter  "
M I! here atfytjmes» I  them 'onithe) road when‘
<1¥3fV‘lil8?._...I7see them through the palings of the ‘
   ‘to’  

is. bound for]  ‘hit !ahvay$;,they: 

 was so agile in keeping a screen of sh

 

abducted Agnes; and, oh, my God! if that be true,
what a fate is hers I’’

Suddenly the detective bounded to his feet.

He opened the letter which Mrs. Lynwood had re-
ceived, and read it through a second time, and now
with great care. Then he read‘ it again, but this time
aloud.

As he ﬁnished reading it, he raised his eyes from
the paper to ask a question of her, and he was startled
by the expression of terror on her face. ,.

Instantly he saw that she had not heard a word he '
had said, and that her eyes were ﬁxed upon something 
behind him, while the amazed horror that was pictured
in her face made him turn on the instant to discover
what it was that she beheld. _ -.

As he turned toward the window, he started for- - 
ward at the same instant, and he was consciousitha;t’a,;; ‘V
dim shadow darted out of his sight, just quick enough“ "
to eludeishis vision, but not quick enough to deceive
him concerning its actual presence; .  V  «a

With a bound he leaped through the window after * 
the shadow, alighting upon the grounder-nndecetheiithiséé
bush where Agnes herself had gone when she "disap- 
geared. ._t p ' p 

The grounds around the house were thickly studdefd;
with shrubbery, ancvyecfnirougii it Nick saw. an heg-
struck the ground, a shadow aaniné in the directioni
, of theboethouse. _ 7

, Instantly he was after it. p , , V _‘ 

h.With a ‘bound he cleared the foliage lo: the 
, and then far’ down the path toward the boathouse
3 leaping in and out as heran, and seeming to 
 to keep as much out oi sight as possible, he 
_f, covered a shadowy ﬁgure, bounding like a deer 
gwater. _ i, _ ‘J.’ ,.
.  -But the figure had a splendid start of the 

    

      
  
 

    
     
     
    
      
 

     
   
  

  

    
     
 

    
  
      
  
 
 

 it and the detective, that Nick could.
and jthen a’ glimpse of it as he ran. 1  ,
net  Vboathousewas fthdre  i



f

   
 

  

   

A

» just entering” upon the edge of the wharf, the’
vﬁgure of the man he was pursuing.

it For the lengthof time required to cross the width
the wharf the ﬂeeing‘ man was in plain view of
‘liledctective, and he might easily have used one of his
 or-failing pistols, and so brought the fellow to a
 but the thoughtthat occurred to him was«.._that
 j had the fugitive cornered, and so he withheld his
 it not wishing to inflict unnecessary pain.

Beyond the ‘wharf there was nothing but the wide
‘  of open. water, flanked on either side by the
' bluffs which formed Lynwood Bay, and Nick
-possible chance for the man to escape. 1
wharf itself  not over twenty feet» in width,
if the  was xunningi, lightly and swiftly-—-so
p_ p H iswiitly, in fact, that it was merely ztglance
’ «.05  afforded the detective.

; t there were no blue

 

 ronn’<sfhn"+iaii»o:i*1es;
gsize, clad in pa‘ single black garment,
 L,‘ ¥ _  into  curve of his body. , And
S even as he noted that iigannent seemed to be-
 which covered the back part of the head,
,  extendinioi stockings so that it encompassed

  

  

   

W; ii   into the water.
   five seconds behind in reaching
 alndithere he paused, waiting
A the surface of the'wster.“ ‘,1-Ie
‘irsvalivor hihis hand, scanning every
pi _ cheifhafy; _re80lved_that it the y
.  '‘ '+'~‘;’'‘‘.‘‘,.i‘‘‘'d* ‘.°i W‘ 3% WW
 "to bring hints’ in

  

  

   

NEW ‘NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

I“: H  sawbtsly a dark ﬁgure, such as
Mike had described to him, with the exception '
ﬂames circling about his head. .

:ﬁgu,re—-even as he noted this fact the ﬂeeing ‘ l

 farm the ‘ 1

 

  
  
   
   
   
   
    
  
  
    
   

.‘3

view of the detective, Nick replaced the revolver in
his pocket and began to study the situation.

“it is a cinch that the fellow could not ﬁnd a place
to hide under the wharf,” he told himself, “for the
planking is laid so that it is an easy matter to see from
here. almost every inch of the surface of the water
underneath. A child could not hide from me there,
let alone a grown man.” ’

The shape of the bay was not unlike the blade of a
pointed spade, with the little wharf where the de-
tective was standing, situated at the apex of it. On ’
either side high bluffs, which presented rocky walls to A i
the sea, ‘rose precipitously thirty or forty feet into the
air and all the rest of the view was open water.

“There is a cavern somewhere in one of those
bluffs," mused the detective. “That goes without say-y
ing. _4Iake all that Mike haslsaid to me about the
demons living in the" water, and couple that with the
disappearance of this fellow, and the existence of such
a place is almost proved.

"There is uwcgvom there. on one side or the other,
and there is an entrance to it under the water which
that chap was able to reach and pass through witltout 
having to; reappear on the surface. That, too, would
account. for Mike’: description of the place to which ’
he was taken, when he said the place was dripping with
water and that there were rocks all about him."

Satisﬁed that the ‘man he had pursued would not L
reappear. Nick turned away from the wharf and re- 
turned slowly to the house.

Y He paused in the pathway for an instant, consider.
ing whether he should enter by the door, or return a
by tholway he had come out--thet is, through  ’-
 ands: last having decided upon the latter
course. hepassed around the carrier of the house,..un,-
 the lilac bush, and so stepped through thc_windoti{r
intp the room he had so precipitately left, in his chase

  
     
    
      
 
    
      
  

  
  
  

 
     
    
  
  

    
   

lM.rs_.‘  was no longer

  

  _ ‘L’



ﬂl

  

  

  
  
   
   
   
     
    
 
    
    
  
    
       

F

_NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

and he stepped to the door which communicated with‘ " “There has been a second abduction," he muttered,

the hallway, intending to pass out. _ “and that, almost before my eyes, and in the middle“ of
And here a new surprise awaited him. the afternoon. Mike O’Toole’s demons seem to be ‘“

f'VI'he door was locked, and on the inside, for the key getting busy.”

was in place. i ‘ _ \ ——-——-‘ 1:

. ’ There wasino other exit from that room save by the ’ :

jvindow through which he had passed, goingyand re~~ ; CHAPTER VI‘ . ‘

turning, and a rnon1ent’s thought convinced him ‘that’ 5 VIRGIN SACMFICE 7° THE HEATHEN 5013- _‘ ll.

 had not been locked by either one of them When the detective had exhausted every resource ‘
when they entered the room together, for he remem— at his command in his search for clews‘ around the ‘i
‘him-,d‘that he had stepped [nckfor he;-. to precede him, ,house and grounds, he returned to the library where’
and that he had himself closed the door. A _ n he had talked with Mrs. Lynwood. '
:“’l'hat fellow at the window was not alone," was his The strange letter she had received, accompanied e .'
 thought. “There'yw/ere others with him, and by the ﬁve gold pieces.‘was open on the table before ‘ *
awhile pursued one of them the others entered." hirn,and he read and reread it over and over again,
With a bound he reached the window again and striviﬂgr almost in vain, ‘to gather some idea of its, it
pyaasedioutsicle, and inan instant he was on his ‘knees meaning. ~  % .   ,
glass in hand. examining the space under Mike's story about the Demons of the Nightlwjagié‘
’  » ~ ~ .  M ' V ; uppermost irthis thoughts, for he was convinced that.‘ 
  discovered" th¢:,irtspr_i_t_3;1;.1‘,,ctf, ;l;_ii,s gbwrnfect there was rnore truth than  what the gm‘.-.
where he  Ieapetl, from the wiiidow, vandrxlittle‘ dener had told him. i ‘i ’ "V 
' ,_  his practiced eyesiimptiessious’ which “It is quiteevidenteto my, fthat
 th£1'¢eby,esevieral«.,pairs;fot ;_ a» gang of men, of some sort, infests this neiéﬁﬁ
11!‘  re  so _sligh;,.-liand  hood’. ?While these experiences through which 
y   it was impiossibiei for  ; has  must be accepted with a large grainof 
  th_atsrm1cha V  5-,      : ~ there is evidently at  amotmtiof truth 

 

  

  

  

   

  

    
 
 
  
   
  

   

  
        
  
  

 

  ,:po;p:;gts,l gitbeseeqsagg .oe._§qing  with hisftale. %   ,  y ,-
phcg,   irnpossihle task,  not  “Now, if I couple‘ what he has told me with what“

  

. sa7te_in7tliat  \g,thatthere is‘no class of’ people in e:tisten¢e,~‘wh_o«
     ldulge in secret organization so much» as they do." ‘
l at l  i;.5,3ti{;5l‘!l1B‘tl¢+    V ”’ That .1».-eergyrreceiveyp-I,*,Lt>y Mrs. Lynwood. is?  
      , m¢m.:lor at |eaétv¢ll¢tat«lul?¥ an Oriml. in -
 a Cliina:'xip,ri'§or.~a_f\A1a1§_lwould-beg-ina  any
2 'iIlIis«:i<#usii~Iah i
see ’ ‘tel

    
       
   
   

      

   

   
  

p c He paused in his reading and sat wrapped in» thought
l flora ‘moment, and then of a sudden he leaped to his
‘ feet.
" ‘"1 have it! I have it!” he muttered to himself. “I
was right about there being a cavern in one of those
cliffs, too; and the whole thing‘ explains the presence
_ of so many Chinamen in the neighborhood, who ap-
‘ patently have no business here. '
V “It is as plain as the nose on my face. The Celes-
itials have a Joss house somewhere near here-—a Joss
I house where they go to worship, and to indulge in the
rites of their society without interference. Mike said
‘V that there was an idol in the place to which they took
‘ jhirn An idol--a joss god-—and they have got it hid-_
 den away in their cavern where the foregn devils can-
notpﬁnd it or interfere with their worship.
_  idol! A heathen godl A hollow idol ‘wherein
N they imp:-ison_a beautiful virgin, and before which
 V fthey prostrate themselves‘ in worship while their pris-
 _ 'onei‘i‘slowly dies of starvation. That is why they have

  

 is may,-..ht’ their letter, they refer to the
p of their new-found goddess." Ay, aﬂi that is
I __ " ,' following out\the Oriental idea of purchasing a
. vﬁtlngphtaiden for their awful saciiﬁce, they placed the
goldupon the table with the letter. _ I ‘

“I have heard of_ this practice in the Province ‘of
Chi-Li, in China.’ There they select their intended
_ ;s.vlétiiii,'tna then they apply to the father of the child
' d baggie over the price to  paid for it, for their
 Herethey could not do that. -Here they
 their ‘victim’, and then they stole her away;
they belieye that/in paying the ﬁve gold pieces
‘' have sequined themselves fairly and in a Business

  
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
  
  
   
   
 
   
   
   
 
   

‘ t  It is three days since Ag-lies was‘
 ufvyajr, and it is possible that the has been imprls;
 hollow  all this time, withbut
lsvnja-.tinretb_lose. ’

 he a great feast on hand to induce‘ the
, _i to take such a risk; or else they feel so
' “in  hiding plsee that they do not fear dis-

  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

addressed Mrs. Lynwood as the mother of all the vir- .

 ‘ There was goodfeisoh for Mike’; astonishment,“

rs

_ “But why have they taken the mother? Are there
two idols there? Or do they require two sacriﬁces?
Hardly that, for only young girls are admissible to the

, "sacriﬁce.

“Never mind that now! I have the key to the
whole thing, and there is no time for conjecture. If
Agnes Lynwood is saved from a cruel death I must
lose no time.” .

He rose again and unlocked the door into the ball;
then he stepped through and went out upon the ver-
anda just in time to meet Edward Moran, who was in
the act of ascending the steps.

“You are just in time, Edward," he said to him.
“I want you to obey orders now, and to do what I say
without stopping to ask questions.”

“I am ready, sir. Tell me what to do and I will
do it,” was the reply.

“Very well. Find Mike and bring him directly to
the library, at once.”

Edward darted away; but in five minutes he was-
back again with the gardener, and Nick received them
both in the library. He had already taken a collec-
tion of things from his pockets, for he had gone to
‘Lynwood Hall ‘well prepared for changing his dis:
‘guise many times before he returned to the city, and
he was therefore perfectly equipped for what he had
decided to do. '

“Sit there, Mike,” he ordered; "and you there, Ed-
ward.” ‘

Then he worked with gregt rapidity upon the young
man, using paints and pigments on his face and hands.
adjusting a wig and whiskers, which he trimmed to
suit hit-n,iuntll at last he stepped back and viewed his
handiwork with evident satisfaction.

' “You will do, Edward,” he said; and then he smiled.
for the gardener was gazing at the young man in open-
mouthed astonishment.

“Sure, sir,” he said, “I would think it was me twin
brother, so I would. Faith, is it myself that is here,
on is it me that is there? Bedad, if you lave him an
that way I won't have to say the bade: through, and
I’ll ask the praste to make him do penitence for me " _ A

 

 

    

      
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
 
  
  

it 16

for Nick had transformed Edward into his exact coun-
terpart. The young man had been made to look like an
 old one-——in a word, he had been changed under the
__deft hands of the detective so that anybody who knew
V-Mike O’Toole would have mistaken Edward for him.
The detective stepped to the window and closed the
inside. blinds, thus shutting out the light. Then he
Mturned on the lights in the room, and having locked
E window and pulled the curtain so that there would
henna possibilityvof any prying, he said: i ~,
“New, Milre, you will change clothes with Edward.
I -‘want him to help me with the demons tonight, and
 are_too' much in awe of them; youﬂare too badly
‘frightened to be trusted You are to changeclothes
 Edward, and  are_to remain in this room,
(wing yourtpipe or sleeping, as you see 61;, until .I_
 there again ‘for you; and if you dare to poke your
 outof it without my permission, 5I’ll let the devils
you. ».Doi-you understand?’ -  v E

I have me two cars. But you i are  Tim

 now." replied Nick. “Do as I
. , ' -Q

szasyqniekly mime," and_after:_looiting. the
 
 y E and . fwa1k.ed ..tl:r¢Iigh .- the. gathering 1 am.»
an;  had his  and
titgxiigtzti  tie"  habit} of

  
  

 
 
   
     
     
     

 

  
"V i ..i,'‘.  iThere"ig}.a_ bench

    
 
  
   
 
   

  

New.‘ NICK cixiirea , WEEKLY.

   

derstand, Edward, Mike’s demons are no dream of his
imagination. I think I know who and what they
are, but I am not sure; but if they are what I think‘
they are, you and I will meet with experiences which
we will never forget before another dawn arrives.”

“Won’t you tell me who and what you think they. ii
are, sir?" asked Edward. _ A

“‘Yes; in a word or two. Have you ever heard
of the Chinese Boxers? Of course you have. It is a
secret organization which exists everywhere in the
world where there are a lot of Chinarnen together.
In their secret meetings they indulge in a sort of fetish
worship which would put a Zulu high priest to the.
blush. I‘ think that somewhere inside one of those

‘high bluffs yonder there is a cavern which a lot of

thousand» Celestials there to obstruct our 
' Are you game? And are you brave enough to do as

f,"‘f “I will do "asfyou tell, me, i no

i ‘   is  If I am correct in my 
: ‘d_isturbedi‘ until .late-.---probnbly *
r miiinighaiﬁ.  Wi1l1'bi5t.t.tack°d- T1"1¢lIi¢'_

\

 must  pert}f¢f’._Mike as Qwelly. J

Chinamen have transformed into a'temple. for ‘their

heathenish practices, and Ithink, from their actions, A ._
‘that this night must be an annual feast of  kingl, 
at which they expect to have a great attendance. and i,
for whichgtheiy have been preparing for "a long tirne——— 
perhaps for a whole year. One‘e."i_n   ‘
Chi-Li, in China, I gained admittance to a meeting of 
:ne"§5:c tam describing, and‘“it was nor‘: * E 
to witness. But, Edward, if» we are to save Agn
Lynwood Efiroma terrible death and her mother from}
fate that is even worse, we must!-ind our way into their 5
placed of meeting this night, even though there! be

   
   

 'v ,._r‘.jn

  

   
    
 

Say ﬁwithout question?’ a

Vmaytter what 
 the ‘youngJ;iman,‘quietly.. V ;_ g _ y “
 ladli I-’didfnot misjudge y6u,.I.see."".. ‘

-‘ “Tam merely to sit oxiﬂthatibench and wait?” V. .i

   

    
 

 <30

We may *9 

 

 

     

 

 i j NEW NICK» CARTER WEEKLY. 17

 this ‘part you play is necessary, for it is the only way
"' A in which I can ﬁnd the entrance to their cavern temple.
,7’ They must attack you, and take you there, as I verily
_‘ believe they will do—and I must follow them when
6 they do that.”

“I'll do my part.”

“It is not fair for me to conceal the fact from you,
that you run a great risk, lad. I muht tell you all the
truth.”

“Well?”

A “If this meeting is what I think it is—if it is the
V same sort as the one I attended in China, you will
ﬁnd yourself face to face with an ordeal that is almost
too horrible to describe, for you will be taken into
) ' their temple and bound with ropes at the feet of their
4' idol.” ‘
-'—"-. m“'(";'ro'on, sir,\I can bear it. It does not frighten me,
‘ if you will be there.” A
'lAnd you will not be alohe in your frightful predica-
'_ merit. I have not told you as yet, but Agnes’ mother
  03 this naftt-_moon, and when you are

dragged to the feet of the idol and tied there, with a
 Chinaman standing over you ready to cut your
srriheart out of your body, you will not be alone. Mrs,

  
  
 
    
  
   
  
 
 
 
 

.  the same fate, for, according to their rites,
._’_t_WQ.hl,u11an beings must be sacriﬁced to the"starving
Virgin inside the hollow idol. Do you understand me
. . , Edward? Agnes Lynwood has been a prisoner,

’ inside that idol, three days without food. She is their
 of purity, given to the god Siva, and she
  die tonight if we do not rescue her!”

\

,CI-IAPTER VII.
i  uxmc. A TRAIL rrrnouon warn.

   
  
 

 terrible crisis which hung above the head of
1nte!ligenoe’that' Agnes’ mother was also a ‘pris-
 ‘   as 1.. Surprise

  

     
     

 
   

* Lynwood will be there also, bound hand and foot, and‘

to him, but its signiﬁcance was entirely dwarfed be-
side the knowledge of the peril in which Agnes stood.

“Understand me,” continued Nick. “I do not say
these things to frighten you, but to prepare you for
the worst that is to come. It may be that I err ‘on the
wrong side; it may be that the danger to them and to
you is not so great as I picture it; I cannot say. I only
know that if my surmises are correct— that if this cav-
ern does exist and if it has been made into a temple
for the heathenish rites of the Boxers——that if this
night is an anniversary of some great festival of theirs,
and that if this sect or clan of Chinamen is patterned
after those in their own country, it will all be as I say.

“This idol which they set up in secret places is a
counterpart of the god Siva; only that its prerogatives
are inﬁnitely worse and more horrible. Once every
year a virgin is given to this god, and she is sacriﬁced
to him by being locked inside the terrible ﬁgure, and
left there until she dies of starvation.

“Sometimes she is procured long before the time

' for the festival, and during the time of waiting she is

given food and drink, until a few days before the ‘sac-
In the mean-
time, the devotees sit around the idol, squatted Bn

riﬁce, when all this is denied to her.

their haunches, beating drums and conches, and dron-
ing doleful and musicless dirges.

"Then, as the hour for the ﬁnal ceremony draws
near, two captives are brought in, and these are bound
upon the pedestal at the feet of the idol.

.“The beating of the dmm continues, as if to drown
out the moans of the starving victim in the hollow of
the idol, and then, when the hour of midnight arrives,
the victims at the foot of theialtar are slain, the door of
the idol is thrown open, and if by chance the virgin
sacrifice is still alive, she staggers out and falls in her;
ror and faintness before the murderous( demons; but
only to  slain as she fails. I '

“Now, Edward, I cannot tell how many of these
heathens there may be in that retreat. There may not
be more than a dozen; and there may be a hundred.
In fact, I suppose there will be a large attendance, for

if.-this is. an annual festival,’ as I have reason to‘supt-ii

pooeit is,.and-if this is their one secure place

  
 
   
  
  
   
     
 
 
   
   
  
   
   
    
 

H irig‘, where they can practice their orgies without fear
ff‘of,intcrruption, it is safe to suppose that they will travel
here from far and near in order to be present on this
 ‘great occasion, V
A by "I wish, Edward, that I could summon assistance
" here to our aid,» but that is manifestly impossible, since
7 _tl1cre’iss not time, and even if there were, it is not likely
thatythose who came would be able to follow me into

were here, but I know of no other who could.

N "You see. therefore, that I must do it alone."

l‘§ut if there are sornany there, as you fear there
 be. how will it be possible for you to accomplish
inn alone?’ aslcedilidward. '

_e detective snriled. __; V

 is possible,” he replied. “Nothing is
’ sihle. The necessity of a crisis alwayshnds sonic-

‘ lg]; i any of these Chiharnen will be armed. They
" there» feeling perfectly secure and they will

i."

 weapons therefore unnecessary. ‘It may be that
 a few, knives in the place, but I am bank-N.
their sense as perfect seeuritv when, I‘ say that
_ L helieveithere will be a ﬁrearzri in} the place.

  

nrtlicn added: A .

  

   the team. I think. » withjthose mam;
  legs and knee  tosegathem

  
  

 ‘i;ou1,ing,i;‘iqimo  thiukanigé‘ their 

anansy.,i»;.ami¢:*aa  z

. » 1 x »

  

   
     

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

thishidden cavern. Chick might be able to do St) ifihe

you will be helpless to aid rue.-pYou will he

 ya. moment and  his ieylesiozilyoung

l{'5}hav¢.»tlIif‘Y Millet: at my I will.
with  tohit. fairly. \hiny‘h1ll’$eyes’

    
  i  
 :i:f'Wenr'. ,   e  l 1

  

 

will have to follow the men who capture you, to the
cavern?" « ‘

“Yes; but how?”

“By being under this wharf when they attack you:
by letting in-ysel'f silently into the water after them
and by following them under the water. That isithe;
only way.” i N _

“Can you do tlét ?” asked Edward. _

“Yes,” replied Nick, calmly, “I can do it. I will do,’ ,
it. Now, are you ready?” l

"Yes.” '

“You are going to bring yourself face to face with
death, Edward. Are you still ready?”

“Yes.” . '

“You will not falter?"

“No.” ,

“No "matter what happens?’

“No r_natter ‘what may happen, sir.”

“You area brave lad, Edward, and we will win out.” '

“I believe it, Mr. Carter.” * C by c    ‘

“When I make my attack upon the ﬁends inthere,» ——

, v

'Wy.

 
 
 
 
   

and foot, and unable to move or to raise your hand. ‘  
“And you will be ﬁghting. alone against that horde.‘ 
of ruﬂians. ,Surely I" should be able to do my 
which consists only of‘ re:-n_aining_s.till while you  tlic,
war -~ « n l   f l
, ‘.‘Ahl But to remain inactive in such a crisisis 
ways the hardest part of the work, Edward; at least,
iris so am‘ brave man; and you are one.” '
“Thank you." i ' _;
“lnaean it, my boy. Shake handsnow, It is --=
dark, and the time has come for you '_to takegyour
placeon the bench on the wharf." '
,‘=‘0ne_ monient,  Carter,’f 1
”“vew t   ‘s l i 
_"Suppose‘iti1at‘your conjectures are  

  
  
  
     

   
       
 
 
     
   
      

      

  at -al I
  l tic‘ 

  

night. . Suppose, in short, that I should sit the night
. out on the wharf and that the Boxers should not come
nearime; in that case you will have no guides to follow,
,v « and you will not be able to ﬁnd the cavern. What,
i then? VVill not Agnes and her mother be murdered
‘before we can get to them?”
“That is the chance we have to take, lzidward.”
“But will you continue to wait after the time for
them to appear has arrived, and still they have‘not
- come?”
‘ Nick was silent a moment, and then he replied,
slowly:
_ k “I know that the wharf is within swimming dis-
 tance, under water, of the entrance to their cavern.
_» Within five minutes after you leave me I shall be in the
 under the wharf. .I shall not waste my time.
p  than that I cannot say. Go now. We will do
 the best we can, and hope and pray for success.”
 Hestretched out. his tranii to Edward, who seized

 "it in silent pressure; and then the young man turned

  
  
 
  
 

 

2;; agvay and descended the path to the wharf.
 eyes of ‘the detective were upon him until he
 taken his seat on the bench and lighted the pipe
2 which Nick had given him. Then the little giant
iisighed  turned away and entered the toolhouse.
‘ Darkness had fallen then, and the stars_"already
' -studded the heavens over the bay. _ _

 minutes later, had you been watching the door

  
  
  
   
 
 

 

3% the toolhouse, you would haireseen a ghostly ﬁg-
 in white, and yet naked save for a heavy breech
H  about its loins, appear for an instant in the open,
 glide swiftly out of sight among the trees,
 the direction toward the water. I
{A_ndthat  figure was Nick Carter. He had
, himpselfiof his clothing, and having bound his
 a  of  cut from the awnings of
ihouse, his__.rev_olvers in its folds.

I‘   h_i.«_i body from neck to heels,

   
  
      
   
  

   
 
 
 

'aud'dis§meanett . 

  

'   in the toolhouse, he glided

‘ INEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. I ' 19

CHAPTER VIII.
THE srnccouz IN THE DEPTHS OF THE B.\Y.

There are many ways in which a person may mani-
fest true courage, and certainly Nick Carter had never
in all his experience been called upon to draw upon
his reserve forces of resource as he was that night.

It has already been said that he went to Lynwood
Hall prepared for emergencies, and ready to adopt sev-
eral diﬁerent disguises if in the course of his work he
should discover that changes and alterations were nec-
essary; but it is true that he was in no wise pre-
pared for the actual emergency which did arise.

When he decided that he would be obliged to fol-
low the pursuit of the ﬁends he was tracking, through
the water, he realized that in order to be successful
in that undertaking, he must perforce go practically
naked.

If he could have secured one of the suits of black,
reaching from head to heels, which he had reason to
believe were worn by the frequenters of the cavern,

‘the rest would have been simple enough, but such a

thing was manifestly impossible, and he had to resort
to whatever expedient he could devise in order to till
the bill. ,

A white awning stretched over one of the side win-
dows of the house suggested an idea to him, and a pot
of freslrly-mixed white paint in the toolhouse com~
pleted it.

“They are black; I will be white,” he mused. “Paint
is not pleasant in contact with one’s skin, but there
are methods of getting rid of it, and I will use it.”

Reader, stop and ask yourself if you would have
had the courage to do that? Deliberately to have

_ stripped yourself naked, and thth with a brush. to have

covered your body, your arms and legs with a thick
coat of paint. g
 That is what Nick Carter did; and having accom-
plished that much to his satisfaction, he bound the
canvas around his loins, and deftly concealed within‘
its folds the six revolvers he was determined he would i
take into the cavern with him \ , I
Butthat was not all that he did. I ‘l
I  was a goodly supply. of.grea’se paint in
"»   i,  tn. . t

   
   
  
    
   
  
   
  
  
    
   
   
 
   
  
  
   
  
 

;.

pockets of the clothes he had worn to Lynwood Hall;
 enough, to be sure, to» cover the body, else he
5 would not have been forced to make use of the paint he
' discovered in the toolhouse; but suﬂicient for the pur-
pose he had in view for it; and so, with that grease
paint, commonly ‘used for make—ups, he changed his
face to a perfect representation of a Chinaman, save
only» the fact that this one wasias whit’: as the driven
‘ ' w ; as white, in fact, as any ghost ‘could hope to he--
88 white as paint would make him. i
" Have you ever noticed the clown at a circus, how
deadly white he makes his face, and how he puts blood-
red Eyebrows and red spots on his cheeks and lips over
ttpslli That is what Nick Carter did, only that he gave
  the almond shape of .the Celestial, and he
 a long queue, also of white. which he manufac-
hzredjout of strips of the canvas c L p « ‘ e

  to him that perhaps his lap-
' ’ would frightenrthe éhinamen; and he knew
ld draw upon their superstitious terrors, he
have little to fear from their ~retaliation upon

Thilﬂwiould be too frightened toupﬁght.‘
i the Vgreust paint on his face nor the house
on his bodyiwould” wash off in the water; he
us well under cover of the treesand ‘shrub-
 ‘glided to the wa'ter’s edge, and silently im-
8lId?‘5*nee1i;, X  2 L i -

  

    

5“ . .. "ti &'With a quick and powerful strokes
H zht,;_himsclfftop wharf where} in the shadow
.»  his  to appear above the

. I ‘

   

  

 ‘  

 shove -him, thesioccasional 

 

 
  
  

: NEW NICK iCAR'T’l.i‘.R \vEEKLv.

_ dive,-permitted himself to sink to the bottom, so 

‘ fasthe  r
‘ :99; where he had lost sight or it-3-or is at point may
V Z.‘ _cientlyinear’to that spot, and again he waited. " 

i    ‘[Ash,e!ore,v he kept his eyes anddnose ahow . water

8?£30§fed"enVtheiWh&r‘f.e— , 1_  pg’

 

over him, and he held himself in readiness to act; but .-
the feet never stopped. , .

They passed across the wharf over him, and thenhe
felt the structure shake as a body leaped into the air
from the edge of it. '

This was followed by a splash in the water, and he
could see a dark form shoot swiftly away, lost to his
sight almost in an instant.

But the detective had noted the direction taken by
that shadowy form, and he knew that others would

‘ soon follow it,‘ so he permitted himself to sink silently

into the depths, and then with quick strokes he prov
pelled himself under the surface to a point that was a
dozen yards beyond where the diver had gone in.
There again he waited, permitting only his eyes and
nose to appear above the water-—-waited until he could
see a second black ﬁgure gliding down the path toward
the boathouse. ' if s L r
This ﬁgure showed against the sky 50 that he could i A
see it plainly; he could even see the head turn when ' ‘
the ﬁgure of the supposed Mike was discoverai apparf-¥ 9 
ently sleeping on the bench on the wharf; but it did 
not pause or hesitate. '   ~ i   r  
r Patter, patter came the stoekinged feet across the
wharf as before; and without pausing‘ an instant at the} 
edge of the wharf, the man leaped into the air with his
hands over his head, as ‘divers do, and with sca_reely~a'T .
splash clove into the depthir at almost the precise spot ’
where the ﬁ°gure which had preceded him had disapg 
peai'ed- _ . A l V -
And Nick, when he saw that the man was about to

 
  
 

 

 
 
      
   

lookingfupward, even in that Kappa:-ently black 
he could plainly discern the darﬂguse of the does:
as it shot through the liquid element. . p 5 

{Audio he Watched it till it disappeared;  than,
certain "now of ‘the trail. he pi'0pgl1¢d‘him$elf.to the

         
   
 

    
   
     
 
 
  

   
  

' fajfternhothetlwait of rive rninntes; V  

yr.

  

 
   

  
   

n

_ and seemed to beistudying the ﬁgure of the man on
4 the bench. t '
T . But he did not approach it, and apparently satisﬁed
withihis ‘view of it, he at last crossed the wharf as the
T’ others had done before him, and leaped into the air.
As in the other cases, Nick permitted himself to sink
into the depths; and as before, he watched the shadowy
_ﬁg'urc as it shot through the water.
. . It passed within ten feet of him, and were it not that
 ‘~. Nick knew that a diver inevitably closes his eyes until
 the force of his first leap is expended, he would
 have feared discovery; as it was, he felt that there was
, "little danger that any of the divers would see him, since
3: it was positive that they knew their goal so well that
,_  could doubtless have approached it with certainty
‘  opening their eyes at all—at least, until within
if  few fact of it. .
 This third divér took him many yards nearer to the
garished-for goal; it took him so far, in fact, that he
 See before him, under the water, the black mass
of the cliff where it extended downward into the depths
T e,ot,:_ga,et=ayc.,c, ,  -l . t , y  
‘T ’“‘Now comes the ,difficult part of my undertaking,”
~  unused. “I am getting chilled, and yet, when the
next diver appears, I must sink at once so that I can
 upward at him from the bottom; otherwise I will
"  able to see him at all in this black water.”
Fﬂftﬂhately he had not long to Wait.‘ ,-
 three minutes elapsed before the fourth tip-
I Like the third, he ‘halted for an instant upon the
" before he took the plunge; and he alsoitook a step
 ' the aecxningly sleeping man on the bench, as if
 him, but thought better of it and took to the‘
as  otllers had. done. _
that Carter waits already at the bottom. looking up
i ‘when mi; 333;; stqxck the water, and he could see _
plainly  the instant when the splash occurred.
1 V  a  swimrher. too. I,
it  like an arrow, andywith his hands
 his head, sl1t_>t'like' a bullet toward his

/

 

"‘-lei."

 
 
 

 

 

 

 
   

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 

K

2!

He came with a curve like an inverted I‘alIll)CW, his
body bent in the same shape, and such was the force
and precision with which he dove, that he did not have
to move his hands to make a stroke with them until he
was almost at the side of the cliff.

Then, to N ick’s surprise, he turned, and with a few
sharp strokes, shot downward, almost directly toward

- the bottom, and until he could almost have touched it.

Then he turned again, andnpropelled himself straight

/.for the cliff, ﬁnally darting under a ledge ‘where he
disappeared, within twenty feet of where the detective
was clinging, in order to hold himself down.

I The detective was forced now to come to the sur-
face for air, and he struck his feet against the bottom
and shot upward as one might throw a stone into the
air. '

Then, as he reached the surface, another diver leaped
from the wharf; but Nick, feeling that now he knew
enough to find the submarine entrance to the cavern
without much trouble, remained where he was, on
the surface, determined to let him pass.

He forgot, in that instant, that his own body was
snowy white, and therefore plainly to be/seen by the
diver, should 'he happen to look upward 'while he was

- passing. The want of breath in his own body, and the
certainty .that now he could ﬁnd without further aid
the entrance to the cavern, deprived him for the mo-
ment of his usual caution.

But he was quickly apprised of it, for while‘ he was
moving his hands and feet as silently as possible in or-
der to keep himself aﬂoat, he felt the presence of a
body near him, and at the same instant he was seized
around the legs in a viselike grip, and before»he could
do aught to prevent it, he was drawn bodily under the
water. into the depths below. '

Fortunately he had ' just taken a long breath, and so
was in a measure prepared for the struggle that was
sure to follow;

“ And follow it did. y V
The aims which seized him were strong and mus-

‘. ,

Q; ‘s

cular, and he felt them pulling him downward into the ‘ i I
dark waters of the bay; while with each instant, glide - -
-, ixg, sinewy hands were reaching upward.

   

  
    
   
 
  
   
   
    
 
  
  
    
    
  
   
 

 detective kicked with all his strength,‘  even
tat force was not sufficient to dislodge the grasp that
as upon him, and after an effort or two of that kind,
he decided to make an end of it then and there, for he
realized that now ‘the divers were coming closer to-
gether and that there was, therefore, no time to lose,
unless he wished to be assailed by others as well as this
One-

‘ With a great eﬁort he turned his body almost
y_.na7vrely around in the water, and so managed to seize
hisgassailant; and then, locked in each other’s deadly
enihraee. they sank like stones to the bottom of the

¢--n-II-u—-

W CHAPTER IX.
  mcx c.urraa’s AWFUL ream.
  toward the bottom, each tried to seize
 and it was’NickiCarter who
in obtaining that hold. . 7
He had the advantage at the that he was
‘ ' passgailant, and could reach downward.
As the reached fortiie diver,:l’1is,le:fitp_.l)and gm iii
':   of ‘g'!:‘e..‘‘~C.hiﬂVaﬁ
, id" in jerk he pulled st"7a’,vi2ay"soii;;:iai;
l  coiled tightly at iii: 

 
 
   
 
  

  which Wcouldptjwithstind the
‘A i  put  Qliijnanian.

NEVV NICK CARTER V WEEKLY. . .

y  .upon it; ’and.,then.,:with hisi V
A is  arm farth°'.:¥9r’t!ic,man*= *
tf-hegshut hisﬁpgera together in ,

the thought which occiirredi to him as he waited.a’"'”
_  upon ‘the,  listened, keepingperfectly still in the iiaeanwhile, , L‘
i)     V V? g M

‘ 7 i L 1 .; V p -the water, suﬁicientlyionlyito keep him aﬂoat. fj '

 

am sciiiigg ;gi,iai_iiei might have done 

5 pla lyV_hear_  rpan’s.breathing,.and  6)

 

4

 

but then he felt himself rising again, and as he rose,
gliding along the edge of rocks. ‘' g

He lookedupward over him, and saw that all was
dark: Where the lightﬂover the surface of the water
should have appeared, all was intense blackness.

For one ﬂeeting instant he was dismayed by the. -
thought that perhaps they were ‘rising in a ad de sac i
in the rocks, and that he would be drowned there be-
fore he could extricate himself, but even as the thought ‘.
took shape, his head rose above the water, and he knew
that at last he was inside the cavern he had been
seeking, i

During all this time he had not released his hold
upon the Chinaman, who now hung limp and appar-
ently lifeless in his hands; and perceiving that the man
had lost consciousness, and was therefore harmless, ,
Nick released his hold upon him and let him slip away  ..’;
into the depths of the water. _ U

“I cannot afford to endanger the lives of two women 1
by trying to save your worthless skin,” he muttered,  '
he released his hold. “You; wbuldhave drownedymei‘ 

g and you’ would have murdered those whom I seek to -A 

     
 

   

rescue, so dowﬂ You go.    s

It was absolutely black where he was, but never-
theless he was about to strike out in some direction  ﬂ
the hope of ﬁhdiﬁg a landing place, when close 
he heard a quick  such asia rrianiwill  i
he has come to the surface after a long immersion. , -
he knew that ‘another fdiver‘ had arrived ' ' A the
cavern. J /l H A _  '

“If that fellow touches me, i can see his ﬁnis "

 
   
   

  
  

      
 

  
  

for the slightest motion of his hands and 

    

   
 
 

"I-yaux ’the";}liveig iiia not brush iigaingst him. at"; _

 
   

 

in . the sileneeifot t!iat,viiti1ted scam; 

     

 
 

his hthe  irection »tak§:si by; the 
V ‘ atriIg'l1t,=an,gl¢s‘ mm  . L

    

  
 

 
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
     
  
   
 
 

 vghich_ came /to the listening cars of the
 struck the shore and-pulled himself upon it.
 could hear him as he scrambled up the bank-.
.Heil hear the brushing of his body against the
ocgégas he made his way through the darkness to some
lpllacepheyond; and then the sounds ceased and the de-
 Vknevv: that the man. had turned an angle in the
 was as lost to further sound as he was to

t$iel'cave3n,’where a shelf of rock afforded him a hold,
 "inia monxenlietxtore he had drawn himself out of the
 idarldiessf "impenetrable blackness; and
(_ ‘  depths of the water he had just left,
   bbreathing announced still another

‘i"lThey areﬁoiorning as :thick' as ﬂies now,” thought

,,,.“-  vtoone
.- ~ I ' e wa l, and waited; ptéparedito act
tly,  effectively," if by any chance

    

  

L ouldiihrusliagainst hint. “

   
   
  
  

. hefdid   

‘ ' i that theidetective aimostireu’
or sagas: ‘his’ c5wx3——’;bu: he passed}
, ’l I  if  ‘cleric of the presence _or’an
‘ht  ,_, it , ,1‘; 4 

  l ‘i¢.l°sE,.,l’j

 
 

i’ pérfé¢t%rt;’§I=l1,‘r¢hén.1fhé iman

    

   

  

   

    
  

 white

 i   l N.EWlNICK_iC13iR’l‘ER \vi«:1~:KLY.

V y  electite scald hearimri listﬁerithéii.  .   ...
 _ i til'tl1ei.f€l“lQW‘had dalled out ‘a frightened warningito

\ .
knew that at last he was within reach of those whom he
had come to save.

But now he was confronted by another danger which
had not occurred to him before. He realized that in
the faintest glow of light, his painted body would shine
like a glow worm, and would»' be plainly visible to

any one of the divers who might approach.
“In the black darkness beyond the turn, they cannot
see me,” he mused. “In darkness as perfect as that
white does not exist, but here, where there is the faint-
est glow of light, I shine like a meteor. I must not
go ahcad’inow, while others are arriving. There is
only one thing to do, and that is to return to the outer
cavern and wait there until the Chinamen have ceased
to come.” , .
He turned to retrace his steps. In another instant
he would have been out of immediate danger of dis--
covetji; but he had lingered one instant too long, for.
as he turned; he heard :1 frightened cry which was ut-
tered almost in his face, and then the patter of feet
running in the opposite direction. ' ’ { ;
On he bounded after it, and in the  , by
ond’ heovertook the man who had discovered
It iwIsf_thelildetective’s idea to seize the fellow aside
by  his mbuth to prevent him from giving _
gurtnee alarm to the others in the cavern} and havinﬁf
am. that. to leap‘ withihirn into the water and so to  .
stroy all traces of the cause for alalx-ni. *  L
_' Brit, althoughihe succeeded in reaching the man--l
althotrgh he succeeded in silencing him. it was not tin

   
   
    

         
   
 
   
   
 
  
 
   

   
    
  
   

the, invithe cavern-‘-a warning which fortunate
 understood, and which,‘as will be 3 ii "
ga"vehin1- an ‘idea rm his‘ further operations». '
_ The . ‘warning which the terrorized 
ekecl'iat'.-his eiinpanions, translated 

  

t

    
  
 

  ‘The spiritiof Siva reaen

    

A£tw,u7Ill‘had-an epportunltyte

 
    

   

   
   
    
  
 
    
   
  
   
  
   
   
 
   
   
   

‘.,

imaitfs jaw, and it delivered a knockout blow, for the
fellow sank lifeless and still into the arms of the
detective. M '

ﬁ~_Nickl knew that he was already near the pool from
wheyncckhe had emerged when he entered the cavern.
indeed, another three or four paces brought him to it,
and  raised the body of the man he carried and
. , fled, it into the water .from whence a‘ resounding
 and a gurgle announced that it had sunk likea
one toithe bottom. \

 he ﬂung the body from him, he could hear‘ the

ttlafor the briefest fraction of an instant he hesi-
 whether to dive into the depths himself and thus
is icsciipeitlie attack for the moment, or to tum
ethem all at once,‘ , i

that brief instant of hesi’t.ation which 

7 eniwere. alarmed,‘ it would be better to wait

;

‘ilndlﬁgedforwardf. H W -
j  n‘ accident oceurrerfwhich ‘could not have
  ‘ -. .3 V  

    
    
 
  

 i      

""i

  where the (detective

  
   
 

, NEW NICK cA1i'rEa. WEEKLY.

spatterfof man stockinged feet rushing toward him,‘

iorghint, _ In it he concluded that even though-

oretttliveiattack. and= so he raised hishands above his

ht, intd.;%;..t1x_ef d:_1epths{;aaiwthér__,,g1iv¢£_};ft9*“’
 to ,,t’ii¢V,3s/8?£fa4_:le,;’s and as luck would 1

 

 

‘struck in his descent, seized him around the body, and
he succeeded in gaining such a hold that for the mo-
ment Nick was rendered helpless. '
They sank under the water together, and, naturally,
each strove to rise to the surface again with as little

delay as possible; and as they went down together,
Nick succeeded in tearing himself loose from the _fel«

low’s grasp.

But in the meantime a half score of dark forms had
dashed into the passageway after the escaping detect~
ive, and behind them were others bearing lights, so that
the white ﬁgure of the detective was plainly visible to

.them as" they rushed foicward-; and scarcely had he made

the plunge into the black water when the ten pursuers

leaped after him.
When Nick kicked himself loose from the grasp 
the man. in the water and rose to the surface, there-

fore, it was only to discover that he was surrounded

by what ’seemedto be a horde’of's'wimmers,   
the direction of the ledge from whichhe 

there came! a constant splashing made by others who

i were coming to the assistance of their friends. . f  V " 
 dozens pairs of hands,seizedithe detective asvheff

 

rose to the surface. .Th_ey;,were ariihnd his  
aa'ound)htis«~legs, onphis back. above him, below; higri, 
 beside him—-7-everywhere at once’, it seemed. and 

exhausted-as he was by the chsillof his long immersion
 the watertvvitlreypptiucceeded _in overpowering him.  M

,. "or: land, the xdetective might‘ successfully, hmgopéy-'

 

 

    

  
 
 
   
  
  
  
   
    
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
  

CHAPTER X.
BEHIND -run mo1’s EYES.

 Although Nick had been attacked and overpowered

 to-avoid inflicting an injury upon him, notwith-
, Itauding the fact that they had fought none the less
ii geterrninedly to capture him.
' Then, when he was laid at the feet of the idol, with
 and feet bound so tightly that even with his
.,  Qfrength "he knew that he was utterly helpless,
 crowded around him, chattering like so many
.  E V V,  evidently greatly disturbed and frightened
iigﬁauhec they had done. y t i
M i .  his white body in evident awe.
 the canvas-iiﬂde queue in their hands,
ij‘:it~'sol.e1.r1nly, and shook their heads in amaze-
d" invixeonstemation at their own hands
the detective’s body had
.. ' off upon thernfand they.touched his cold body
a  as   
h_ﬂ,':¥§hQi;..coudue_t9antazed the detective. He
 “if  M  ofsitiiyi ’

 

 Vwas a;,pi-isoner‘andi utterly helpless -in
;,i.,;...i.,=  mi and silent, wait-

  
 

 “WWW ‘i’

       

4°-

Naw NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

é réeiizéa, ehoweveeg, hie: were afraid oi-hii'n,_
 was the iiiscaefchougiiz of the detective. "1
eyes taking in every detail

 ;present_, -and’
'  Lag: the place; which i

 e.ete.iiw+th¢.4°w=- ‘i
i*r°!r*.***°:‘r°r>fi

.in1§pulse_iwhieh wassuggested to him by the

en  as,   

; place rm, iieiee‘ pogmii e. i

 

 

.25
stretched upon the rocky floor of the cavern not ten feet
away.‘ .

And second, he could hear faint moans which '
seemed to proceed from the interior of the hideous
thing which these creatures .w0rshipe(l'as a god; and
he knew without being told that the prisoner on the
ﬂoor so near to him was Mrs. Lynwood, and that the
moans he heard, proceeding from the hollow interior ,
of the idol, were madeby Agnes, who was a prisoner
there.

' Again his eyes-turned toward his captors, and again
he noticed that they seemed to be in more fear of him
than inimical toward him.

He wondered also, because they seemed to fear to
touch him, and that when they did so, it was only
with the tips of their ﬁngers.

Then, while he was studying them. he heard a corn— g _
motion as if made by others approaching the place; 
and it proceeded frorn the direction opposite that by e I’
which he had come-«that is, from the land, instead of T
from the water side of the cavern; and then, in a 
m¢m:.mo:¢,a;n¢» additional Chinamen appeared, lead¥*-“‘ *
ingjanresistingly. although unbound, the ﬁgure of_Edv
ward Moran, still‘ clad in the disguise whichViNiclcnhdif—
given_him. ‘ , ‘  ,

“There is another entrance to this plade than by the _.

.,ei

   

    
       
 
     

  

 we iqiewn that much ; and yet, it might have
been? ' more diﬁieult for meito ﬁnd  '
wntet‘ei:trance.’f «‘ i A , _ l_
,:'re'adersiknow that Nick Carter is a perfect?
 the Chinese languageiandso now,  i‘

      

  
    
 
     
    
 

  

' ,l,;w'¢}-Vin which his captors held? him,  

D

   
   

  

: ~\ --_.,..

 in that tongue: f , p  x.
  from the embrace of Siyal, ,

4

 

  
 

   
  
  
  
    
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
   
 
  
    

tering as she walked, pale, emaciated, with drawn ‘face
and lusterless eyes, Agnes Lynwood was brought for-
it ward into the light shed by the hundreds of candles
with which the cavern was. illuminated.

’ » Her hands were bound together behind her back; her

between them so ihat she could take short and mincing
(steps; but she was so weak from lack of nourishment
 she could not have stood upright had not her cap-
torsjsupported her on either side as they approached

,spot where the detective was stretched upon the

 was crooning some fragment of a song to
w%'sclf,_ and the detective saw that forgetfulness had
 intervened and had relieved her of all sense
to: the terror of her surroundingsantl the sufferings -she
"d endured. A ‘t 7 2» ~

 brought her forward, her eyes lighted for

pg-ts;t’nnt upon Moran, dr”essed='in the garb of Mike
pooléanwgi for an instant at faint glimmering of rec-
stymied to stir her, "but itiifadedi iawayaflrnost

  unresistinglfand forced ti: sit
_ the? estate idol, and then while twoiof the

  

 1 Q  V’  A1‘\liclc:a‘_s_“if-for further’.orders.‘ _‘
mode! if  uggbtaogine. it I should or-
tl:I:m_ in 107,512 pthqtrght; 1_xitThe did}1m,§ar§, to‘

   

the experiment;

  

4’ﬁ1‘1‘p:'¢l_‘a’.reit.<’>  in English. in order to
 he felt  was con».-
   sign‘ since

   

NEW} NICK CARTER _WEEKLY.

 were also bound, but there was a length of cord ,

remained inmr new a sort of ‘gland. the ‘

‘ ing to them like a frightful and a colossal thing. ,1 ,._'

V, bins, in evident ‘terror; and he, stlllintent gs
”  hi! entireinfrecdont, and conirinced. that 
up ‘not  ‘his hands; tisrncdwsolernnly steward h
pi idol.“ ;iaround,, to, the back off in  ’ I
 tlarou 1;; l ~ ‘

felt that she must have regarded him as a part of the
terrible ceremony she was called upon- to endure._ '
Moranwas still standing between the men who had
brought him into the ‘place and Nick could see his
face; but it was impassive and told the detective noth-
ing at all. The young man was ‘living up to the in-
structions the detective had given him even better than
Nick had dared to hope. i
As the Chinamen returned to him, and grouped
themselves around him as if waiting for further orders,
the detective thought rapidly. V
“The ﬁends have not touched the canvas that is
around my waist,” was his mental comment, “and,
therefore my weapons are safe. If I can get them to.
put me inside the idol, in the place fromywhich they
have taken Agnes, at my crlnrnand, it will take me but
a moment to free myself from these bonds; and then i 
--well, then, I think I can ﬁght a way out of this}, 
dilemma." . ' I ‘ “ it
As soon as Agnes was seated between the feet oipthe
idol, he raiised his voice again, and rendering it has"
deep and guttutal as he could, he criedi  V ‘ é  y 
“It is well! And now, Siva would have‘ 
-Siva would claim his own!” - 4 
They drew still close: toward him, but none ventured-., 
to touch him.’ v ' \g,' __ . p 3
“-Siva claims his own 2” he shouted to them again.
“Return me to the embrace of Siva I” n _ i , t
_Then, slowly, as if he was not sure of what hesdid, ’
one «of the Chinarnen stepped forward, and with a«
knife.‘ cut the cordsywhich bound the detective’s feet
together, and thev'instant,tliey were free, Nick per»
forrned a little "athletic-trick of_ leaping to his feet from ;_
the spring, of his shoulders, so that he stood bel‘ore”*'
them. with his hands still bound, to be sure, but appeal‘

 

 
 
  

      
    
    

  

    
 
 

  

 
 
  
  
 
  
 

   

 he leaped to his feet, they fell back, awayicmn:

    

 
 
    

   

 f’

  

   

      
  
  
    
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Instantly; the Chinamen leaped forward. He had no
  inside the idol than the door of it was

ijiiito place as it fastened itself against his escape; but
 smile_d to himself, for he had never yet dis-9
wvered a_ door which could hold him if he could get
  for his shoulders in order to burst it open.
  mere glance at this one had convinced him that
 could break it down with little effort. and so he
 content to wait until the proper moment to act
=¢fiV¢d- .

‘ j  instant the catch of the door snapped into place,
 set to work. _
 ,-strained at the bonds upon his wrists until he
-»-‘- them. ‘for the water had made them elastic,

 igonlpamﬁvely easy matter for him to free him-
:  a vspacei’ofjtime in which ten might have been
"A  werejlfree, and it only required a
 that for him «to seize two of his revolvers
'  i"°'h“’—«§EeE§?e§£!.? i°°“l“
‘ ‘ ’ ’ “those in his grasp were‘emf)ty.'
'f  xputtered, “lcanli face this horde with
peered for one  through the eyes oriiie
7the scene before.hizn;i'. and such a scene it" has
' 'i1,'e"'ver of_a~fhurnan' being to
hga  j i  2 p i
C‘hh ‘V '   "liand‘s,‘and‘ then stoodin

I V

  
    
   
     
       
        

     

      
    
   
 
 
      
   

   
   

1

ii "a  ‘V “ibis muse‘

New NICK cAa'r§R WEEKLY.

hynged shut behind him, and he heard a catch fall .

DQW-,_  frornV‘tl_§,e. prying gaze.of his captors, ‘V
three.

T ﬂj§3fallirig"oF iiii§3t'l1er body to the ﬂoor of the cavern.

1  than a person cohld cou\nt. and the now worth;:
 weapons were dropped to the ground inside the

» .aie_  .9f{‘the iclol,f~_ jniree or ._
'*   the groupjand had A

[ xgieepoiiezo the ‘floor and seized the‘ third pair; but hp?
‘ _ weﬁfeianaiog  continue to fire through his iipprovised 

v   to shoot, and so he  

 

mouth was an oblong aperture a foot long and three
or four inches in width. .

As the detective looked through the eyes upon that
scene, it seemed to him as if the knives were in the
very act of descending. and he did not wait to see more.

The idol’s mouth afforded an excellent loophole
through which to ﬁre, and he made instant use of it.

Three sharp repor'ts rang out through that cavern
and reverberated like the explosion of so many can-
nons:

The three Chinamen who'had,stood over their vic-
tiriis, with the uplifted knives in their hands, sank in
their tracks to the rocky floor of the cave, and a chorus
of hideous yells of terror and rage came from their
dancing and unsuspecting companions.

Nor did the reports of the pistols cease with those
.9‘ T

They continued with the rapidity‘of. a rapid-ﬁre gun, A
-—-«crack! crack! crack! crack! bne after another, so
rapidly that it was impossible to count them, had one
cared to try to do so; and with each report there earn;
an added shriek, and added howl; another groan; 

   
      
   

T  ten shots of the two revolvers were discharged‘ " 

" \
e'_

     

iaoi, aiid other weapons took their places in the grasp
of the detective; and so. ten more shots rang out, until’
the place was transformed into a pandernonium, and
it’;_hecarne_so  with smoke that the ﬂames one the ..
chndlea were  hidden frofn sight. " -   
 then. when tlaesecor-Id ‘ten bullets hadsped an” £1.
" the detective dropped those_two; A

  
   
  

hole.‘ —

   
    
    

  die -door ‘at’

F the ‘oéeki~of_

\

 
   

  
 
   
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
    
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
     
   
     
      
   
      
   
   
  

  

sf-the captives until he had taken all three of themnand
 them backward behind the image.

» They were bound hand and foot, and were therefore
hdpless, for even Moran had been tied for the sacriﬁce,

»the.,id0l. . _
M Nick's only idea in pulling them back behind the
linnage, was to get them out of immediate danger while
’ he had room to continue the fight, and that he suc-
geejeded in accomplishing; but when it was done, and he
earned again to the front of the idol, there was nobody
t_ for him to attack, and he knew in that" instant,
that the Chinamen had fled in their terror to the water,
and, perhaps, also, to the other entrance, to escape from
frightful havoc wrought by his pistols. K
Armnd, him there were groanings and moanings
: ‘fthewotindcd men, for, save in the case of the
men who had held the kniv“& over the intended
V-* " Nick Caner‘ had not Ihotto kill, but only to
grid: but there were broken knees Ilndlbraken shoal»
  legs and arms, and scarred heads and
V A .;£9.nd as, the smoke cleared and the detective
 ’ _ oundphirn,  was amazed.,.3twthg. ‘effect of his
* tuned» mg   .   s i   ls
l f the wounded-—all those who could walk or

 there w/ere three dead Chinamen and
i  mu: tovescane. »writhins'ia axons!
.,W1l¥G tlgmim ﬁft¢,,m." award the detective;
1 “ntcm nine are twenty-four. Nine
‘’ i , Arattier, nine have ﬂed, some of them,
go do,uht,:’t,o drown in theghater oi the bay 
  reaéha placefof safety; and asfor the
it think 1 ‘anti   l 

  

ghi.  rm? direet’$rhi:ri ::oi-‘take Agate! in_

math» :7  -.
‘ schyara;'f,h,e~cemmanaed.l “They

  

  

 vs;  
,   I \ . ,

 

i NEW NICK CLARTER‘ WEEKLY.

fever: himself, he seized first one and then another of V

when Nick passed through the door into the interior of -

V  i§,ct—-had -ﬂed with those who were unhurt; s

Atty  waste eh: the  which held

 , ‘3qi,ﬁg.¢r aiid.«y.ois_ were not
MW   W.’ °!—‘%‘={ *8“*?~.’.',..

i  the_‘Va1npire; or, The Smugglers olpthe 
 t p l 4;?“ i in it
em as i,ds':fCa:w'n m3W'I!t.adv

'And so they reached the open air, where the stars
were shining, and where the night air was cool and
sweet. » M

And so they ran on and on to Lynw‘o0d Hall, where
they deposited their burdens, now more dead than alive,
in safety inside the house. =

Ia‘ l
*1 # ¥ 1' # '¥ 1

Reader, that ends the story of the Demons of the
Night. ’ _ «

Agnes Lynwood and her motheriwere safe, although
weeks passed before either of thcrn had entirely re-
covered from the effects of their terrible dxperience.

As for the idol worshipers who sought to practice
their heathenish rites at the door of the metropolis of
America, three of them were dead inside the cavern;
twelve of them were  seriously ‘wounded that they 
could not escape, and were eventually placed where,
they could no more indulge in their awful practices;'
ﬁve floated to the surface of the bay, drowned while
theyattcmpted to escape, and the ‘remaining fouéive'1'c*_ 
subsequently captured——-in fact, before mornings, 
dawned, for in their fright they each left b1'O3d,,tt'a¢e.s,:.  
behind them in their flight. - r

 

THE END. "
\

Enxrorfs N_0!‘vl:.---11 the foregoing story seems im-.-l 
probable to the general reader, he has only to search 7.1:;
the records of the «police of any city where:Chinarnen_‘ ;.;
abound, and he will find that there are many instarioes? 
of the kind in police history. This one was perhaps ‘
more serious in its nature and effect than many of
them are; but the principle is the same; and it 
for Nida Carter to root out a nest of them where 
 held high revel with no fear of 
theyauthoeltieo. ' ' ' V 4  

>_# _:u’"t at": is 

I

 

   
    

  

-   issue,‘ Na.,4°5a:  eontain “'!‘lu,Caw

   

;ar°i= .wi1.1T¥'¢®d;,i¢_*T I mam‘, ihiii 

 

  

135"“ ¢lNY- 5? Subxnﬂlbﬂ ¢a.5a per year. Entered according to Act of C'01lgT¢3.l' in the year law. In the Oﬁca of the Librarian of amgral.
W4-Fhlgfat. D. 0.. by S7321-:'r & Surrn. 1;: Wﬁlabu 51-. M Y. Aptlakatxbu made al at New York Past Oﬁca /or entry :2: Second-clan Matter-

No. 24.

NEW YORK. October 1, 1904.

Price Five Cents.

  

TED STRONG’S SIGNAL  

OR,

 RACINGWITH DEATH.

 

By NED TAYLOR.

 

CHAPTER I.

._ on corn: MOUNTAIN.
‘Seven boys were stretched out on the grass in vari-
comfortable attitudes. It was a warm forenoon
and the boys had taken a long ride that morning from
*3? town of Ceriso, some ﬁfteen miles away. Now

9 wete ptretehed out. resting themselves on the -
animus’: of It-high hill known as Copper Moun- ‘

which gave a beautiful view over the surround-

V * clump of giant redwoods, centuries old, no doubt.
ered ‘above their heads, and on the other side of
 entrees their horses, hot and tired after the long
 were staked out so that they could graze and roll

 

 

"' the grass" at will. The sky overhead wee

cloudless, but there was a fresh breeze blowin/g from’

the westward ‘and it was cool and pleasant up there
on the grassy slopes of Copper Mountain. The young
rough riders had been staying for the past week or
so at Cerise and this morning they had gone out for
a ride. The buy: up to the tirne that they had visited
Ceriso, the little California town where they were now
staying, had been used to the active, hard-riding life of
a ranch, and for the past week they had been very lazy
and idle.

This morning‘. Ted Strong had proposed a long ride ‘

up to Copper Hill and the rest of the boys had assented
enthusiastically.

Ted himself was stretched out on the ground. look» it:

  

   

  
  
   
  
   
   
  
     
  
   
    
  
  

;  bought in a ‘store in Ceriso that morning.
,Ben Tremont, big‘ and blond. and lazy, was_ lounging
 ._his side pulling drowsily away at his little, black
"pipe. Bud Morgan, the cowboy. was seated on the
V grass 3. little distance‘ of! plaiting the loosestrands at
{the end of his long, rawhide quirt. Beanpole, long and
attenuated in figure, mournful in expression, was feel-
rigl his pulse, looking anxiously into the face of a large i
aterbury_watch_ which he carried, while chipper little
is Martin and fat, sleepy Carl [Schwartz were watch-
ng shim gravely. I L
fl?-ad." said» Beanpole, “very had. ‘A My pulse has‘
up two or three degrees during the last minute.
j- zcatuiotyunderstand it. I must be running into a fever.
_..i,s:ve_ry aia!'!!x.ing.i I wish to goodness that I had a
i zlithetintoirteter hereﬁ’ A - M i H V, ‘
  with you anyway 3;’, growled
 who in his half-comatose condition had
 W4 what Bennie l“d.“,3“l-,        
Matter €39-uh.” said‘Tl1a,€1_;: ‘.‘i,i-Z not  e
. i team if my ~prosnostications are correct. I.
' surclyiy rmiqiag into as Very violent-‘gtzzeck of ,yellow,

fnblaialilffiseid son. He knew thiat9Beanpol_e was
" ' y i_ V‘ himself  of some de_adyly,clis-,-A4
klﬁswealsé ﬁeaiamlri was as lieilthir
. waiwkche  and-that isa;aying“a good

    
   

       
   

   
    

i 3‘? ‘i~‘°i"’l°"ir 
 s ,:,v¢}“’.:all‘ 
Mair‘ it x n

THE YOUNG notions; RIDERS WEEKLY.

 over a map of the surrounding country, which he I

able rest,” he said, .“you fellows start in proposinga

vtlthe worstzat once. I  something thativl 
*' have to get upland hustle about.“ ‘£1 might have ex '"

‘   is whatislthe matter w'itili,you,‘?oi

  

i .“That is a splendid explanation of the terms,"
chirped little Bob Martin. “As Shakespeare says;
‘Plato, thou reasonest well.’ ”

“Who iss Blato ?” queried Carl.

“He was a Greek philosopher," said Bob. “As
Shakespeare says~——-—"

“Look here, fellows," said Ted Strong, sitting up
suddenly, “do you know that it is only a ride of about
twenty miles from here to the town of Salt City?”

“I don’d l-mow id pefore, bud I know id now,” said
Carl; “but I don’d care oof I do know it.”

“What difference does it make anyway?” said Ben
Tremont; “what is the use of our bothering our heads 
about the distance? We are not going there anyway.” i 

“How do you know we are not?” said Kit Sum- f
tners. “I think it would be a bully ride." " "

Ben Tremont igroaned and puﬁed out a thicker cloixd T
of smoke. A . L in

“Just when I was settling down to a little, comfort-

   
   
  
 
   

other ride. .’What.would ‘tal£e1ie»*oi$vi§r”€i~iere anyway .

“Plenty,” said Kit Summers. “It is a town worth‘
seeing. And, besides, there is   ’
knows about it." 1

‘Everybody looked at Ted. 1 M M l r 
i “Speak up, Ted, and’ don't keep me in this nerivi
racking suspense,” said‘ Beanpole. “You know your
self what havoc it plays with my,constitution.” 

“Let's hear it," said Ben’I‘remont. “Let me hear

 
   
    
     
  

thatof eourse. ‘ I ‘never get conlfontably settled for
nice naphut something turns up t.o.n'1a_l:e me 

and hair sweat. myself to death. ."-Youf.-‘fellows aif t

      
 
 

  

lineman; «:2 is;  said

Beanpole; “we don

is it as  haste:  'us?‘V 

   
     

  

  

I

 
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
  
    
  
   
   

:‘:(3omon,i'Teddic,” said Carl Schwartz, “dell us all
 id Lanyvays." '

i“I’ll readyyou the letter,” said Ted, drawing an en-
velope from his pocket and opening it. “It is from
. Miller, whom we left back at the Las Animas
< h. I found it waiting for me in the post olﬁce in
 this morning.” .

frcd read the letter, which ran as follows:

 TED: The last letter I received from anyof
,  rough riders was dated Ceriso, so I suppose
'  are still there. Mr. Rossiter and myself have
i  .to take a trip througlito the coast, and we

 We would like to run up to Ceriso

of railroad and ,_we cannot make any stop
itiheeause both ofus have to be in San Fran;
- Siness by the endof the week. We pass
 Saitfiity, I notice, and the train stops for two
-   as there is no dining car at-
*7‘W¢‘8halli be there at about three in the
on Monday.” It you boys thought of taking
1?‘ lr9*!>..mizh:tm¢et us_,.My daughter.
_ , » 1’ *=‘Resaite+"are very ’lssxious"tro‘*see
I They, are going with us, and it is ,at their sug-
 Ilwritc thissletter, telling you of our route.
Lamorrt, a young lady ﬁlth whom you archae-
 , 9% I believe, is with us and is going through to
 also. Everything has been doing very well
 Animab Ranch since you boys left it. The
nreﬁn ﬁne eoaélitiori. You know you fellows
, toxtake one of theherds northward later on
  1. hope that your Business will allow
 lnck;:‘hp Las Aluirnas soon. ~ However, we
3“?:‘9‘.'¢!.’, who; welinecton, Monday ‘I

    
   
  
   

  

 
 

   
 

 

   
 
 

 13 st, meson,
i  on: it zeal:
” ow  

THE YOUNG ROUGH ‘RIDERS WEEKLY.

 boys, as you know, the town is off the

_ like you van she nefer seen you yetalretty? Hey. 

-sbteastend thruttingyoltt his foot; “already my fameas
V H L y , _~a  roughridcr his penetrated toall tlze7£o“ur
 ve villaee 

has an  is M or
.f,'. es

 

 

I

3

how habby she iss ven I am aroundt, unt her peing
habby veu I vos aroundt shows dot she lofes me.”
“That is most excellent reasoning, in its way,”
chirped Bob Martin, "but it doesn’t weigh much. i
That’s the trouble with it. There is one defect in your
line of argument. You think because she liked you ‘
once that she will like you as well when she sees you
again?" i . 
“Bedder!” said Carl, conﬁdently.
“But you must remember shehas never met me.”
“:Vell,;vot oof id .>'
“A—great deal. Can it be that you have forgotten
how fascinating I am to women? Is it possible that
for the moment you have lost sight of the fact that
to the average young girl I am perfectly irresistible?
Is it really true that you are forgetful of my fatal

gift of beauty? Beauty. as Shakespeare says. ‘beauty

truly blent, whose red and white nature’: own sweet
and cunniiag hand laid on, and truly never did there
breathe a maid who could resist melting goo-goo eyes —*
at me.’ You forget also my great charm of 
mf§gal¥1ariitb”é§}iii§,”‘iny lofty and distinguished coute
tesy; my diplomacy, my personal magnetism, my  \
derful hypnotic powers, and my eagle’ eye. If you
remembered all‘ this you would realize that it would ‘
be impossible for any ‘girl to dream as thinking of any». ,, ,,
oneelse while I was around and visible to the naked‘ i A
eye-’'1 ’  " ' ‘ hi
"You are so small that you're not visible to the i
naked eye at any distance.” said Ben Tremont.‘ 
“Youiss talking foolishness. How could der git! 1

'4?

 
 
        
       
    
         
    

swer, inc dot alretty yet.”_   .
“I am famous.” said Bob, placing one hand ouihis

    
   
  
    

quartcrsvofy  Already» half the girls: drif-
 air:  outiover me, by 

  
  
 

   
    

  

    
 
 
    
   
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
    
   
  
   
  

 

And Kit is very fond of her, and you know what a
 temper he has. If he hears much more talk about
her there is liable to be trouble.”

 glanced over at Kit Sumrhers and saw that his
ace looked very black.

 Bolfs mouth closed up with a snap. In the mean-
tints; Ted had risen to his feet. ‘ V

 other boys had gathered close about him
“Who's inyit for theyride to Salt City?” he asked.
 An saﬂirmative shout went up, in which even Ben
 joined. and a moment later the boys were
ks)? iaddlingup and preparing their horses for the

 ldidl not   boys long toisaddle forthey
’ A  tl{is~wor'k, ‘ t ’
we will have lunch at Salt City,” said Ted, “and
L eazﬁfteen-mile.y beforewe get to it,[ so it’s
 u§,t0,IIu,n'y' upﬁ Mount!” I _  ., .
‘ L ' y’ ‘ ghgboysi swungitheniselvesitrtolytheirl
. _  at  later theirhoi-sea, were picking
it way do,w_n”__ we steep sideof Cdﬁseittuountain.

 

  path: ttirougti ‘1iix§=“a£ ‘Sale City
  with a high, opinion of him-

   
  
  

     and he   Smite!"

met?  , l‘I  learri  about a 

THE YOUNG ROUGH Rl'DERS WEEKLI ‘ Y.

of _ trains out of the ticket agent. He'don't know an L‘
' thing and I,  going to hurry over there 

lunch a’nd,l’et them wait for a while.’ People likeythati
I  that he happened .;to\-do-a .

 He was yjuststartingg it when one of theyfellow an

 9,-its  a;dzi;iring»;ifris;,ia-wn;dinin¢tiv§».é;uillitles.l‘. >_
‘    suits stepped inV,lthropg'hWitheydoot'way.y.t1§>; the

 

road to a restaurant on the opposite side of the street
‘to get something to eat. He did not feel very hungry,
and he was, standing in the bar attached to the res-
taurant, sharpening up' his appetite with a. drink of
whisky, when he heard a noisy clatter of hoofs on the
street outside.
He looked up and saw that there were seven boys
on horseback, who had just ridden up to the station
and were drawn up in front of it. They were of all
sizes, someularge and some small, one very stout ‘and
one very slirn one, but all were dressed in neatly ﬁtting
khaki clothes and all wore large, brown isombreros, T
They’ all sat, in their saddles as though they were V i;
good riders, and the dry perspiration on the ﬂanks oft * :_
their horses showed that they had been ridden  
that day. A’ M L 
Tom Buttsxtossegl on his whisky, looking at these

  
   
  
  

 

fellows with a weary, discontented expression of 

‘_‘Niee—looking gang of kids," he muttered. “I
suppose they have comeyin there thinking that . iwiik
order out aspecialrtrain with a Lffat ‘car for their horses '
all ready for their aecom1bx_;od.a:a;,§1:¢;>_n-g    M,:,,,,__
to get some intorrriation about the starting and leaviiig 

  
 

     
  
  

theiryyquestions.   to take my time 

    
  

   

to think  I amyayysort of slave for the «
.9 “units walked into thﬁerestaurant, sat down Latyﬁa table

 ¢"d¢f§d»ll?5.5 l.‘1,'l“°.*‘-s — at T s

   
 
  

     
 
   

 tam ldokinz for W‘ train .¢i81=.f=,¥€ll°';. 

 
  

ii

 

   

f 9!

exﬁeeted ,bere.this aftemoons

  

  
 
 
 
   
    
  
   
   
   
  

i \

  moment she let her blue eyes rest"on his, then
 dtepped them suddenly and ‘smiled in e se1f—con-
 fashion. M ' V
H Ted.saw that the young lady was not averse to a
 but Ted had no time to think of such things
present, and he never had the inclination for it
"anyway.
:‘Twill go over and speak to him myself,” he said.
The girl looked at Ted again, dropped het eyes and
ﬂhileditand ﬂushed. This was all thrown.away, how»
it {for Tedihad walked past her toward the table at
_ :Torn Buttswas sitting. A‘
 Thad been watching the young rough rider nar-
; , ,_He saw the efforts of the girl to attract his g
lion and  him more sour than ever. He
 the girl at himself, and he did not like
V  soattentive to anyone else.
 g , ed him he  eyes over his
' ed:  eating his" dinner and
—  I 1.  else  the room. Ted stopped
Ehiscchair and cleared his throat, but Butts never
" 4? .. '9, ~ an ,,y:.s. T’ , ;   "
entlemanto see you, Mr. B_utts,"‘ said the girl at
.. -.    voice"; then she
into a  giggle;  f
 looked uplwith the haughtiest expression that
£05154 He stared at '1'ed3'bfor a moment,
.¢i¢hrette  lay still 'lit‘l_ae§ti_de him on the
     had}:-
T  stméchrouzb
 ‘again at".'1"e_d._ '_ ssihtrhaa‘ been
"~ T V   '~

   

  

 

   

 

  9 T . « " THE YOUNG RoUGI_¢r?RIDERs WEEKLY.

g ,;;a, . "Colt-‘revolvett hanging in a dark leather case at his

 ‘ti1iﬂga.‘~ but the tiitgnetitgd that the sides 9;:

‘via’!  closely; and he 0&3
 ’;”_ get  ‘ " .  
' ‘ V ‘ his dinnen

   

K5‘

 

“But I know there is," said Ted. “I expect to meet
some friends who are to arrive on it."

Butts smoked his cigarette down to the bitter end
and threw it away.

“I suppose that you know more about this railroad
than I do," he said; "I don’t know of any such train."

Ted was getting a little hot under the collar.

“If you don’t know ityou ought to know it," he ,
said. “for I am perfectly certain that there is such a a
train.” .,

Butts was the only man eating in the restaurant, and
‘the girl with the blond pompadour drew near to hear
the conversation between him and Ted. ' i

f‘I am busy eating my lunch now,” said Butts, with
a drawl; “I haven’t time to waste talking to you.” ‘

The insolent manner in which Butts said this,was ‘a,
little moxie than Téd could stand. He bent over the
table at which the train dispatcher was eating and laid 
his hand on it. '  g

°“Look here." he said, “if you haven’t time to talk to ”
me and give me the information that I want you’ll‘i*libQV
 right to ‘ask renter-thtttioiﬁe
you.‘ ~You seem» tokhavewquite a wrong impression;-1;
to your position here." : .

Butts looked up suddenly, his cheeks growing a lit?
tle paler._ He saw thatgthe face of the boy who was 
bendihg over him was very brown and healthy, in great ~
eeuttast? ttrhis lsauow cheeks. and that the ha
that  on the {table looked very strong and
.er!ul.- ~ - 3 sf. T“. ‘ , 1 
“   ‘and. neck of this young 
 powerful. and beside that there was a‘ hi

‘I

 
 
     
   
     
     
  
    

   
    
  
  

          
 
 

  
  

    
      
  

    

     
    

 

"Buitto. at >5, ..little‘:‘i-il’>.71lK{.ilA‘.‘i.'i"‘.'~‘i.<il,i. he he noticed’  i

     
  
   

  
 

  
  

 
  

6

Ted, "but you also have a right to be civil to people
who speak to you. just hear in mind the fact'that
there are a few friends of mine outside who would be
 tickled to death to have the job of tossing you in a
 blanket.”
Butts stared at the door and saw that the other fel-
lows in khaki had dismounted and were lounging about
,outside.- V X ,
I b He hesitated a minute, not liking to back down in
the gtescnce of the girl. But the sight of Ben Tre-
'!l'lDnt's colossal figure,» which appeared in the doorway
vatythat momeundecided him. '
 “It you just ivait till I go across to the oﬁice,” he
id, "Pl! tell you what you want to know.” . ?

CI-1A!frER III. '
luxctvn; "um-cutter.

 the  Has the train been wtecked?
i":ornethinEg"b  mewoflt hard, rt: bet!” _ T   H
""1 ﬁttlt  out much at present,” said  viral]:-
‘ihg reward hint; "theteihftttmah in here who is sup-
L y_ to Vknowhall about the‘ 'txfain‘s,t but he is too busy
 peleetttitn .gh«¢ at my much itthmhatitstt"
'r!t‘e.2woboysstetteaoatside.i     . 
“Letfs ‘wait, out heteftot him.” said Ted; "the at-
A    ispieuatttemt This ttahtiialspatthet
i"  tolse afresh with of customer‘ ‘ , who thinks
hi‘ is  mveak mﬂwoné-”
 to  to anyone!" Said Bud Mor-
 his head in the  _ "Junipin'“sahd-
' V  mm  the tide my broncho
‘evaeelcl _a ezzttgilekd tithes to‘ let him seehow
te.he'h.'I%i§w'iy:.i‘;l§Wsiy' the wen), ‘red; and

  

  

  sythurtg

  

    

  M

 

THE YOUNG Rouon RIDERS WEEKLY.

ViIleil,": Ben Tremont, ‘from the doorway,

aid’ Beanpole; “he may burst

    M ‘pg.-¢1a,_.°M  ‘ “Keep quiet l" commanded Ted. “We don't wanna"
V T   i M    J W V ‘firm: him civilly.’f
v . f'ne~_thotat hint?‘ on: he i A ,   _  
 the  but. (as usual, ‘Carl was slower   ‘y _
mine 3

    

  
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
   
   
   
    
  
   
    

whisper a few Shakcspearian quotations in his ear. ‘I
will soon bring him around to a more reasonable atti-
tude. All he needs is a few quotations from the lips of . 
the immortal bard. I an: the man ‘to give him those

words of wisdom.” 

"What that fellow needs is a good dose of medi- J
cine,” said Beanpole, looking in at the sallow face of 
Butts; “he has the jaundice or some other trouble of 
the liver, without a doubt. That is what makes him . 

so pale." 0
“He has a swelled head,” said Kit Summers; “that
is all that is the matter with him. I would just like to
have him on the back of a bucking bmncho for about ‘
ten minutes. I think that would put him in an alto- 
gether diﬁegerit frame of mind.” - 
Butts could hear that these fellows, clad in khaki, 
were talking among themselves, and he suspected that’? 1 
it must be about him. The girl. seeing all the boys 32-:
at the door, wandered over in that direction and lis- ‘ 4;;
tenecl to what they were saying. She giggled and, . "
stated over at Butts. V‘ " i it  t ' ‘  
An angry red ﬂush came into the sallow cheeks of '
the train dispatcher‘. He‘ "gulped down  
his lunch hurriedly, and marched over toward the door. 
“Gangway for a petty officer!” shouted Ben’ Tre¥ 7
mont, stepping to one side. - it
"Make way for his lordship,” said Bob Martin;_
"can't you see -that he hates a crowd?” . l 3'  
“Give him plenty of room to walk in," said Bud. 
Morgan; “he's a high stepper, shoge thing! -Give him"
plenty of room ter sling his hoofs around.” . u, t
. “Hen kill hiniself throwing out his chest that way;
a blood vessel or iujurﬁ

-. -_ ‘_,r .-ye.

  

 
       
       
      
         
  

   
 
 
 

  
 
 

 
 

one ofyhis luugtﬁ’ '

     
  

pick I ﬁtht with this mah.

Get out ofhie my ‘“ 

   
   
 

_‘ The_boye di-‘iftedyoff to elthet has has Butts 

  
  

   

and e6uldi)’t getvlalxvayt in time.   wild

   

   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
    
  
   
  
   
  
  
  

dour covered her lipsiwith her hands and looked hor-
,jﬁﬁed- ’

 “Get out of my, way, you fat Dutchman !" he said.
‘Wmt do you rneanby blocking up the passageway
 way?” . s

4 e “I don’d mean noddings,” muttered garl, scrambling
about on all fours.

‘ Butts aimed a blow at the head of the German youth,
hut,.either by good luck or adroitness, Carl dodged it.
Then Ben Trernont caught hold of him  the collar
and dragged him out of the way.

 ‘Butts strode past the boys and went over toward his
 “I am going" upstairs after him.” said Ted: “he
 to tell me something about this train when
 through eating.”

"“§A nice, civil, pleasant-spoken, little maverick," said
Bud Morgan, winking at the girl with the pompaclour;
.‘   think so, miss?” g g
‘The blond girl made a face indicative of the greatest

. _. W\,_
,;.

H i“I”think he's horrid,” she said.

 'She smiled at Bud and’ found that the cowboy appre-
T ciated her smiles a great deal more than Ted Strong.

, “A feller, like thet shore makes me tired,” said Bud,
: Inning gracefully against the counter, “but when a
{diet meets a young lady like yerself, why it shore
 up for all the hard knocks in life."

 you fellows had better look out for that
  _ He is mad clear through now, and he
 i _.  my-nper. There’s a gang ‘of yardmen and

' ..,“I'm afraidyou are a jollier,” said the girl, witha’ ‘

’ '.  about here who are ‘under his orders, and .

 

' .\ THE YOUNG ROUGH RIDERS WEEKLY. 7

in here once in a while, but I've never met a real
cowboy.”

“I am ther real thing," said Bud: “jumpin' sand-V

hills! I hev been ranchin' an punchin' cows ever sence,

These other fel-
lers air ranchers. too. Thet young fellow ye seed ﬁrst,

I was knee high ter a grasshopper.

he's ther capting of the young rough riders."

Then Bud Morganwent into a long conversation
with the young lady. telling her all about the young
rough riders. how they were a party of boys who were
originally organized to ruri a ranch in Dakota, and how
they had made a great success of the Black Mountain
Ranch there before coming farther south.*

In the meantime. Ted Strong had followed the train
dispatcher to the upper floor. in which his ofﬁce was
situated. He noticed that before-he entered the build-
ing Butts had called a tough-looking yardman to his
side and told him something in a low voice, pointing
toward the young rough riders who were still gathered
about the door of the restaurant, but he paid no atten-
uon_toghis.,m_. . .. . , T
I ‘When Butts got through talking to this fellow he
ran straight upstairs, paying no attention to Ted. Ted

went up after him, however, and followed him across

the room until Butts threw himself into a chair be-
fore a big desk. V

On that desk was spread a yellow paper, the dispatch
slip, showing the routes, starting time and leaving
time, of all the trains on that division of the road.

Butts glanced over this, lit another cigarette, and looked , 1 

up at‘ Ted. _‘
“Well,” he said, “go ahead and ask your questions

93

110W.

“There is a train due here this afternoon from Santa 

F',” said Ted; "3 through train. I want to know what

_ time it gets here and how long we will have to wait

for it.”

“There is no through train due here this afternoon,”.

paid Butts, glancing at the slip again. “There is no

use telling me there is. I have the paper before me

 

‘The reader who .is not already acquainted with  ii
‘ of which Bud was  .~.thern all .9
numbcrspf the Youxe ran mm W ‘

  

 

 

        
   
     
   
    
 
    
   

 
  

    
   
  
   
    
 

r10

group of men who had surrounded Kit Summers, and
his fists shot out, one after the other, and sent two of
his opponents tun/ibliqg on the ground.
‘ In the meantime. Kit.Summers was having a hard
 time o'f'it. He was fighting savagely and silently, as
- he. always did, but one heavy fellow had come around
him from behind and thrown his arm around his neck
” in an effort to strangle him. . i
' Kit felt himself being borne backward, and a heavy
ﬁst struck him full in the face. At that instant a
; familiar voice sounded in his ear. ‘
“Pm pretty sick and I need exercise, so I might as
well have it right now.”

  

f‘ 8 windmill.

; One hard,  ﬁat landed on the nose of the man

L ho was throttling Kit Summers. "He loosened his

'hold~on Kitimxnediately. ‘ ‘ . i ' l

-“Comeon if you dare!" yelled Beanpole. y‘?I am

‘ a“ner;vo'us wreck, and I am liable to die any time,

so-' might as well die ﬁghting.” iv

‘ " But Beanpole loolseddikevanythingilatxtf dying? as: he
  intothe. f.rayy,yand,the railroad men

made way tor hiqi as he charged forward. V

     
  
  

- imam! blitz! Vatch derﬂying Dutchmans inaction.
;at¢ltr‘me. pays. or an der greatest ﬁghter in der bunch.
learned der vay mit der (‘Sherman Army."- ..

‘Once tinreegto the attaeltl‘: yelled Bob Martin, in his
rill.'.voice._.close behind~.Carl.. — “As my old friend.

   
 

.he‘was‘going', as Running alring;ie -this fash-

  
    

’ Rein

 

it It was Bunpole who uttered these words. and he’,
-sent his long arms swinging about him like the arms‘

‘Heel:  Kaiser!" yelied Qarl Schwartz, who was V -
slashing‘ 33011;? as fast‘ as-histat legs would eanjy-hir_n.l V
1 ing. he stumbled and fell; Seeing this“ the rail;

~ directly for the prostrate form of the boy, a- hea

-i ‘his hand.
ahalceepeare, remarks‘: H"Whenever you seen head, hit.

'  witli.‘hi.s1headidown and his ‘eyes ins» .
‘ ” T  having,an_yVl—pertieular ides. V V ( L
g V ' " the "instant he sank his Fpurs into the sides of 
 tilt‘ into one of the -'group‘of‘   ’
 Kit  C¢rl’§».rot,gnd blitz
  hair» 

 b§il.?uuai1i¢;  *:sntie.j  as he dashed mat Kit, he hm;

   

‘ _ THE YOUNG ROUGH RIDERS WEEKLY.

others, was in the forefront of the fray. -He was A_
knocked clean from his'feet by a blow from one man, 3
but he bounced up again, his face bleeding, but as eager ' ;
for ﬁght as ever. Again Kit was sent reeling,‘ but this or 
time Ben Trernont landed a heavy swing on the man 
who had knocked Kit down twice. ’ 
The fellow said afterward that it felt as though he
had been hit with a battering ram, and he went right 
over on his back. . i
It was at this instant that Ted came dashing out of L  i_
the doorway of the train dispatcher’s oﬁice. g 3'
“Quit that ﬁghting!” he ‘yelled. “Here, boys, drop
back out of the yards !” / M
The boys heard him and lnegan to retreat slowly l>e~~
fore their'assailants. The railroad men _set up a hoarse
cry of triumph and started after the boys. ‘ A
“Get the horses!” yelled Ted. ,
At the same time he caught his own steed, which w 7
still loose, and spurred it right across the station plat
form and in among the tracks. 1 V ‘ 
Kit Summers, as he was the first to rush at the rail“
road men. was the last._to.retreat. A Iiekhadl ’ r‘
Ted’s ordcljg. but to retreat before an 
any fear is the hardest task that Kit Summers .
be asked to perform. ’ » , . ..  _
At Ted's eoinrnand the other boys began to ‘
slowly back, but Kit was the last to retire. When tu

 
     
         
 
     
    
  
      
  
       
  
   
  

   
  
    
 
   

   
     
 

gang set up a yell of‘ triumph, One big fellow 

  
     
 

bar, which was used ‘for setting switches, brandish

    
 
 

vi He was half drunk,‘ it waseviclent. and -in smut
ous mood. and in another moment the bar wouldi‘

landediacross Kit, who was still scrambling on :11 
hadnot Ted Strong caught sight of his ‘position.

  
    
   
  

  
   
  

horse and the animal sprang orwardin ‘a_ great;

    
  

Asit‘ spra!,1g. Ted leaned forward in the ‘saddle

 one foot, clear. from the stirrup. it

  
 
 

  

  
    
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
  
   
 
   
   
    
  
   
  
  
   
  
 

 he thought he was going to be crushed be-
“Itéath the hoofsvoi the horse, but Ted did not intend to
Ethk. .
viledid intend to give the man a good fright, how?
I and he only allowed his horse to swerve when he
' right on top of the fellow. As it was, the shoulder
“ the horse hit hinfand at’ the same time Ted lifted
:.  gighxly from the stirrup and let him have it
 ribs as he went past. .
I The man went over backwards, the crowbar dropping
  hand and clattering on the ground. Ted
 his horse and swung back across the station
ftorm, which echoed strangely to" the steehshod
‘ and out to the stfeet again. I a
other boys were all mounted and ranged up
 the street. n Ben Tremont was holding Kit’s
and every one of the young rough riders setup a
they saw the black-eyied boy, dusty and bleed-
‘. 4 as  of pluck as ever, clinging to the back
  his young commander. 3
‘ passed’ his own horse he swung to the ground
 his own saddle again, and Ben T re-
 the bridle over the head of the horse,
' tohim.  .,
  J ‘t 
”'l""ein"'ont* sat Bud Morgan. He had his
  his handmoised ready for 3
g __  iwere stiappiug dangermtsly as he
’ ‘over toward of nation men who 
-  _ vi.
thItguaiip,’.’said,’i‘ed. sh&!‘Pl>'~ — .
 -an and apvealinslr» and looking
v£ls1a'¢7th¢.Ihiny b:nn’v=arr=1- ‘2¢a*n'* 1 3¢*“‘*°°*
'  regdlgj jag; ter show these here fel-
.  with  mm:  0‘ fel-

 aoamwaoa
 a’  ‘I’ Théée, £\1nMI‘=

     

.i ‘*9 r-i4~#:1“"i!l‘?f*l ‘“l’,"°“"*“‘.,“"’



  

'  may their :‘ev=i-
W3

 
 

. THIE Yoiinc ROUGH RIDERS WEEKLY.

 not--59? |h,°9¥lﬂ8'g“P:

rnoaahmma 

   ..
‘snotedthef big“-so ? I I

It

“You fellows had no right to stampede our horses,”
said Ted. “You evidently were ordered to drive us out
of the‘ yard and off the station. This station was meant
for the public, andiwe are part of the public. We are
waiting for the train here, and we are going to con-
tinue waiting as long as we feel so disposed. Has any-
one any objections to make?”

But no objections were made.

 

CHAPTER V.
SPENDING AN 1:v1:N_nrc AT suxr crrv.

Ted glanced around at his followers to see how much
they had suffered in the recent mélée. Carl Schwartz ,
had a few scratches across his face, and Beanpole com— Q
plained loudly that he had_ suffered a dislocation of one s
of his vertebrae and that his days on earth were numw
bered.

“I feel perfectly certain that I have suffered a serious
shock to my solar plexus. I know only too well how
much to be dreaded an accident of that kind is. Al-
ready I feel shooting pains darting up and down my, e
spinal column. My temperature has gone I up itwgoi
.a.nd'“a~hai£  And just look at my knuckles."

I As a matter of fact, the lean and lanky Beanpole.,had"
sailed into the railraad men so furiously that his hands
were cut across the knuckles from the force of the
blow: he hadstruck. - . I .

“I am not hurt much myself,” chirped Bob Martin, in
“but Heaven help *ttie fellows that I hit! You know —
that I am a very hard hitter. I must -have knocked
some of those railroadmen clearout of sight. I hit ,
,thent,so hard that they seemed to fade away in front of
me. And some one has stepped on my toes and hurt ‘
“thy earns, I believe it was Carl Schwattzf .

 -“I don'd know. not your cam: stabbed on me or not‘;'~’

jaid.Carl; “I minesellufhit der men mit my face unt ‘ .
scratched me on der nose- Oof I do dot vonce more I ,
w~ill*pe sorry for it.” _ » g . .. l 

A It was ‘Kit Summers who had suffered more in the 
‘irﬁght than any of the boys.‘ He was the most headlong
and iimpetuous in the crowd, and he. had dashed. into it
-without a -thought of his own safety. Hts nose had
been started bleeding, and he hadmceived aTcut..¢n the

 

 
 

 

    
     
  

  
     
   
        
    
   

 

y ‘pitched wiped.the.blnodi from  
:a:_\d looked fair!r'9!'esenta1_?19«.«. 5 ; x  _ —  ~-
‘ﬁe ‘I at’l'od‘ashc’¢  

   

  
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
  

iI2

“I guess we did pretty well, and we didn’t pull a
gun, either,” he said. “I’m not hurt much. A tap
on my nose will set it bleeding, so-that doesn't count.
I guess those fellows got worse than they gave us, all

Vi right. I« know that a couple of men that Ben landed
, on saw about twenty thousand stars. And I saw Carl
 lbutt into one fellow with his head so that I guess he
' ylthought he was struck by a torpedo.”

” “I hat a hard headt alretty,” said Carl; “I iss a goat
V ﬁghter mit mine headt.”

“That is because your_ head is solid bone clear

hrough," said Bob Martin. V

" l“Yal1.l’ said Carl, proudly, “mine headt is britty
of thick. you bade your life.’ I hat a wery thick headt.”
it ii“But did you see me?" ‘said B011 “Did you note
i {power oifrny mighty’ arm? Did you see how I
pulsed those big fellows up and tossed them in the
' .lsigl_t above my head? Did you notice how they
 like autumn leaves before the storm. at my
f’i"ghty*i’approaeh? I tell you». boys, it was magniﬁcent
" o see me iﬁightingttliose fellows  71¢‘-vi~as§a Vwondefitxl
 aninzing strength and-.’»ifeymci{y,: As
esays: I ‘-yLike~a inightiyliyion he ragedaxrtong

   
  
       
     
  
      
  

 

*5 "  ru

ile this, cottversation was going on  the
the railroad men  gatheredvin ia  Two
“ “ ‘  w¢:¢f;knock_¢d  One niao,‘ who had

  —o:ga:o‘j‘ gushing  ihefhad-..reeeive¢,‘l.

  

   

 tag;  which‘ they hadireceivedi
 Buup¢ic;; «gm wins his  to 
 were7all-the‘te_:_yet.,_ A felloéuviwhiohadietr ‘
 ‘ _Trenton2t_;W=$~v§95ll vmiallv. 

into v‘.~meat¢d’q= l

 

     

31

THE YOUNG ROUGH RIIBERS WEEKLY.

At this moment, Tom Butts emerged from the office,

lit a. cigarette, and glanced about him. Ascowl came

into his face as he saw the young rough riders seated

*the proper place for a gang of young loafers?”
V inter him!
i not!“ . :
ythe‘  in the eyes or ‘the“  
at aimoment’s notice. Iifhis old; 
- the inﬂuence of Ted Strong and the other 3
' than this, but he was a deal different now.;, i‘ 

.ancl~ialso‘cast a warning glance at Kit Summers *_

‘V j“Yoii»fel1ows hadhetter; clear out oihm oz
 tor the authorities to‘ clear ~you¢out,”  
you thinlcyou’ can shoot up thistown you are  ii
. . The  yquriellows isa -jail.'_"  . l

‘  in; too; that 

near the station on their horses and his'"own men re- ,
treating up the yard. J _ _ ' 4,,
He had witnessed the light from the window of his_ 
oﬂice, and it did not seem possible to him that his gang
of train men and engine oilers had failed to makeyfi‘
mince-meat of this crowd of boys. , V _
Torn Butts advanced toward Ted Strong,,who'wa's
sitting on his horse close to the station platform. C _
“What do you fellows mean by raising a row like
this here?” he snarled. “I gave you the information-7;
you wanted. Don't you know that this; station_is.notui

 

   
  
  
  
 
 

V “Loafers!7’ yelled Bud Morgan, in his shrill, coivlgoy
voice, =“let me at that feller! Let me bore a few Vh0l(e‘s*«~«.
I'll show him whether I am a_loateg: j

Torn dodged back instinctively at this cry. V. I/’;¥>B'._;§ii

verily} believed that Bud was likely to draw 
4»



he hadijoineilvthie young roughriders and come und

   
  

would have thought nothing o£ ﬁring at a. man  

Ted gave him a signal to keep his gun in its,

  
 
 
   

he'lmew. iwouldlilge nothinghetter than to  i‘
this ‘iosoioht. young man idispatcher. ‘

 
 

,_~

      
   

t"‘You;had better mos: son ofhlki

      
   
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
   
  
  
   

[to eat first. But we are coming back here at about

dusk, and we are going to stay here as long as we feel

',like it. Do you understand?” ’

p ‘_ Evidently Butts did understand. He stood where he
was, silent and angry, while the young rough riders, at

 He stood silent, gritting his teeth together, until the
  rough riders had disappeared around the corner
' 3’ until the sound of hoofbeats had died away com-
-pletely. .

h I‘ “I must get even with those fellows some way,” he
Crlnuttered; “I must."

‘ ‘ He turned suddenly and calledyto a porter who was
{wheeling a truck along the station platform.

 5‘Tell Mike Hicks that I want to see him at my
‘ «hoe,» he said. ,

»£He turned about, went upstairs, and sat down at his
tﬂaesk. A few inoments later Mike Hicks entered, cap
 hand, hare armed, covered with oil and engine dirt,
X with a big, black discoloration under one eye.
 was the foreman ‘of the yard gang. He was
t. ,, .  __drin'ker, a‘rec'kless character, and was only 
A- by the railroad because he was a good workman
‘ and because he had a wonderful command over the
 men. He stood nearly six feet high, but his great
shoulders were slouched forward and;he stooped so
 he did not look anywhere near that height. He
‘ atrerriendq1spairofartnsa!|d3d¢€P°h¢5*th3t

t

    
  
  
 
 
  
  

 

 want?” tK“gT@le(£>gla1-ing‘ at Butts
. : under his;.hushy eyebrows. . 1
_wan.ttotalktoyouforarninute. Were}'°‘!5n
‘M’, ' 7 . ' l ‘ ‘ 2 ‘

i daft ap-P.-we of  about here, you know

  
  

‘s  saidliiothine “’ _‘.i_
. ‘ ,    up to the Coro-
 vh°=.Wh<r°‘*h¢¥.°sn«wt

  
   

 

   
 

THE YOUNG "ROUGH RIDERS WEEKLY. 13

up their horses. They will be coming back here a
little_ after dark. It would be an easy thing for a
gang of roughs to tackle them and beat the life out of
them, and here is a ten-dollar bill for yourself. Do you
understand?"

“You want these fellers done up after dark ter-
night ?”

Butts glanced nervously around the room. There
was no one near enough to see the money pass betwetn
them or to hear what they were saying.

“I want them‘to get a good beating,” said Butts,
in a low tone; “from the look of your face, I judge
that you are one of the fellows who was scrapping with
them, and I dare say you want to get even with them
on your own account.”

“Betcher life I do!” said Hicks. “I got poked hard
in ther face by that big mutt, an’ I ain’t ther feller ‘ter
take that from anybody! See?"

“Well,” said Tom Butts, “getiout of here quick,
and after you quit work to-night you can lay for these
fellows. They will be coming back from the Coronado
along the street a little after dark, I expect. I am
going up there for supper and a few hours sleep, for
I am going to be around here toniglit. A special, with
the president of the road, is coming through at about
ten, I expect, and I want to be on hand when that
happens. I will see, if possible, that the fellows start
along the road for the station here about eight, and
you can have your gang waiting there. Now, skip!
That's all I have to say, and I don't want you to be
seen hanging around here.” _‘

Hicks ducked his head and winked. Then he
slouched out of the room and down the stairs. Butts
bent over his yellow dispatch sheet again, looking over
the bundle of telegrams that announced the arrival and

departure of trains, and making the entries in his 

sheet. ,

By looking over this sheet he could get a comprehen-
sive view of everything that was going on on the
midis lines of the division, and he muld have ac-

curate idms as to which tracks were clear, so that he ’ p
would -know when and where to dispatch the trains that  I it
‘went out from Salt City ‘Junction. At prunent, hows 

   

   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
       
    
    
  

V

ever," be was not in the best possible condition for work
that required a great deal of steadiness and accuracy.
He had been in a bad temper and besides that he had
just entered into a plot which might land him in prison
if it were discovered. His face was very pale and his
a lips twitched curiously. His hand shook and trembled
V as he made his entries in the dispatch sheet. He had
; ,never felt so nervous and shaken up in his life before.

—-nu-mac:-u-.

CHAPTER VI.
7 THE s.r~:sUr.'r or UNSTEADY NERVES.
I The young rough riders were seated at supper at the
Coronado Hotel. » V t
I Theyi had ‘found that this was the only inn of any
;V size, in the town, and their horses were now all misad-
’  and munching away at their cats in the long sheds

had It!‘  all to themselves. They had hired a
  whiclitliey could wash and make themselves

» essntalie, andthsy had all  Vfreshened
 jzeiore ordering the “meal. I
. 5': tell ypuywletf’ said Bob imtirtin. “that was at
fltsltiylivelyitinige we had up at the station to—dayl
r 7 "I as last a scrap aswe have tackled in a long
. - ’ \ 4

‘'3!

he   being too fast tor‘. me," laughed Kit
I I  ligwas still swollen from the blow he
 ﬁat twin’ unite me 

  

" laid
; In  ole days up‘ at. Abilene  meter

I as détviaalssrviet mit"_haddcr
I out his  

 
  

THE Youno itouoii moans WEEKLY.

adjoining the hotel building. The boys themselves a

and don’t think. it’: beﬁttin’ ‘a getati¢tmn.’. o

. .'    their alibi“ ‘l‘‘.‘9‘. 3?’ ¢°“'.

 

. ,,

“You make me tired with your talk. It gets me irri-3
tated, and then I lose my appetite.”

“I hope you have lost it by this time,” said Ben Tre-- .
mont; “if you don't lose it pretty soon you'll eat up 
everything in the hotel.”

“I am britty near ﬁnished mineselluf,”. said Carl;
“ven I geds through I vill sing you a song.” -

. "Hurry up and sing, Carl," said Bob Martin; “I just
love to hear you sing. So do we all of us. Everybody
who is any good likes good music. You know what
Shakespeare says: ‘The man who has no music ‘in his .
soul, and is hot moved by concourse of sweet soundﬁr 
is ﬁt for treasons, stratagerns and spoils; let no such _»
man be trusted any further than you can throw a bull 
by the horns, for he is a lobster and a crook, and will 
work the double cross on you just as soon as he gets a 
chance?’ ” e  ~ V"

“That's share a fine quote born the pote," said Bud;
"I dunno how ye remember all them things, Bob." ’ ”

"I've got a great head on me," said Bob. “I have 3
wonderful memory. I have trained it it-om_.myx
till now. ‘It. serves me well, indeed,’ as Sh‘kuﬁr:'.§§r'f3‘
“ﬂu I A   .  . t .»  

“I used tohave a good memory," said Beanpole, 4“.
moodily, helping himself to a third piece of roast‘
beef, “but when a man's health ‘ is undermined his
memory will go back on him, sure thing. The brain
depend: for its nourishment on the body.” -
p "Ye shore must hev a mighty fat brain," said ‘Bud

Morgan, =“!or yer body is mighty thin. Jumpln' sand»
hills! ye takes as muéh nourishment as any man I‘eveg
seed." t ' I’ . ..

"My appetite isn't what it ought to be,“ said 
99“? {'5 canest occasionally, but, after all; it is 
fut. TI never feel hungry until-several hours t£t’er_.£

   

        
  
  

   
   
   
  
 

    
    
 

  
 
    

  ‘fl didn’t think iitxwas that had,” said snag:
A  from the way ye eat  ye was 
 f..‘__‘«Do you think youtare ready; to givefus pa 
  .t?"»oaski«i Kit $°5'“'"€f%-Wighfth,  I

fill?

      
     
 
 

   

    
  
   
  
   

’7sades this, he generally made hash of the words of any
song he sung.

’ T “Go ahead,_ Carl,” said Bob Martin, “we are all wait-
,  The room is empty except for us.”

 digestion,” said Ted.

{ H “Then sing by all means,” said Beanpole, “and sing
 _ soon.’ I am having a lot of trouble With my digestion,
I‘ and music is good for the digestion.”

 Thus adjured, Carl got on his feet, unbuttoned his
‘coatpso as to have plenty of room to breathe, threw out
sifhis chest and opened his mouth wide, clearing his throat
 times before commencing. Then he sang as
 follows:

.3.»

        
  
 
  
  
 
   
   
    
 
   
  
   
 
   
   
 

" .'”I dreamt dot 1 dvelt mit gnarbled halls,
 Mit varnish unt paint on der si-i—ide.
 Unt not all (let beobles in der valls, '
t f} },,_uI der bone mu bri-i-ide.
 Der van efryting der dot der heart could vish,
my Unt nobody vos to plume,
I: But oof all (let dings -vot bleased me most, '
 You wed in: sdill der same, you lofed me, lofed me sti—i-ill
V dc: sa1ne!’"
 the conclusion of this“ remarkable ditty the boys
= 2* it  into uproarious applause.
 cgmyrs aid, Ted; “you Ought to go intO grand
—wa.:r ' ‘ .
.$‘Great!” said Kit; “you remind me of Jean de
Reszke. He has a voice just like yours» just the 53339
 and pitch, but he doesn’t use it half so well.”
 did me a lot of good," said BeanP°l*‘-- “Sing
some  I  I will die of my diseases" pretty
. . an,1_1i5¢.mgug to singing‘ like that makes death
H plgasantn ‘ _
V “Did you maldrup them there words?” asked Bud

 

' Tremont only gﬂmfefleand lit his pipe.
*f'f[ .¢jon’g1 make oop der vords oof der songs," ex-
..-. H 1; “tier vords iss sung of me. Dot song iss
“Hider obera oer der Pohemian _Beer--I mean der
‘ 1 '  ' ‘
 more iron: the same opeta.”"sa.id. Ted.

   
 

 “we like it. As Shake- ‘

 

 

~ % gm guusge. h-aghechannsito lift the ‘savage
-  with  

  

THE YOUNG Rowen RIDERS WEEKLY.

“They say that music after dinner is good for the

 

 

15

“All right,” said Carl; “I haf anoder wery good song.
Oof I don’d sing der oder ﬁrst I vould haf sung it
pefore. Here is der song:

“ ‘Der heart powed down mit Veightiof woe,
Still to der hopes,--”

Carl went no further in his song, for at that morﬁent
the door was thrown open and two men hurried into
the room.

“Here, there is light here,” said one of them, who
was evidently a telegraph operator at the railroad sta-
tion; “here is the dispatch sheet. You can see it for
yourself. You have sent the freight train right up om
that track! Look and see! It’s bound to crash into
the special at the bridge over the Ceriso.”

One look at the other man, who entered with the
operator, made the boys gasp with surprise. It was
Torn Butts, but he looked a different man from the
insolent Tom Butts they had seen that afternoon. His
face was the color of ashes His checks were sunken,
and there was a look of dread and nameless terror in
hiseyes that once seen was never to be forgotten. He

'i seemed to see nothing in the room about him, nothing

but the yellow dispatch sheet. His companion spread
it out on a table and he looked at it. His pale lips
trembled as he tried to see it, but he could not read
what was written there. He knew that, owing to his

nervousness that afternoon, he had sent 3 heavy freight ,

to meet the special on which Rossiter was coming.
He could see in his rnind’s eye the bridge over the
Ceriso with the river sparlding beneath it in the moon-
light. He could see the special cornirig around the
bend. It was a single track road across the Ceriso, and

he had sent the freight through in the opposite direc- H H

tion. He could see the gleaming line of windows on
the palatial special train, and its headlight sending its
ray of light forward into the darkness. He could see
the black, heavy freight coming in the opposite direc-‘
tion. They were to meat and crash together at the
bridge. . ' y

“We can’t telegraph anywhere to switch the train

off,” said the operator. “We have been trying‘ all the, —

stations "The  all leave at ﬁve."

f

   
   
 

  

   
 
    
   
   
   
    
  
  
  
  
    
   
    
    

”/ Butts knew that only too well. He groaned in his

anguish of spirit.

M ~ The boys had been listening to this conversation in
surprise. Not a word of it had missed Ted Strong.

He knew what it meant. He knew that the train car-

. Daisy, wouldicarry them to their death within the next
two hours unless something were done. ﬁe knew how
' juselcssl it would be trying to get any of the telegraph
’ stations, asthe operators all left at ﬁve and closed the
” Stations, but another idea came into his head. 7
A That morning he had been looking at a road map of
v country about Ceriso. It was one he had secured
trolrn the -government. There were government ex-
? ‘per’ts*exploring the country about there and experi-
vting with the wireless telegraph. , He knew that
here was a_._ wireless station back at Ceriso, for he had
 iched theiioverzxmerit men putting it up andhad
 over the instruments himself, being interested
ltefaphy and electric work of all kinds. The road
.13 he had,'_iu his pocket was marked with all ‘the
,1? hutegthere ‘were wirelesstelegraph stations.
' ' to  what h was doing-ywhen, he
1 t‘0§"his’pocket and spread «it outon the

Thnhc 

    
     
  

his hide. 

wireless telegraph  the railroad

 
  

and signal to Ceriso toho1d« up the specialy."
  table, .€0‘V.ering his

 
 

aruuseitfby   in-.-T

 
  

  

« rying Mr. Rossiter, and his girl friends, Louise and‘

he  overit, exaginirig «i'n.tently.i

miles away." he-lsaid. !'W'e ’ean;:get a».

be railroad-.statign’when twoxdarlc ﬁgures sprang at
‘ them. One of them struck at Ted and sent him,

it y .pignn;;iegna.ip the darlmeufhad ‘taken his xenon 
 Butts. for  theiyoiing. rough riders

     

THE. YOUNG ROUGH RIIHDERS WEEKLY.

and for which his carelessness was responsible, ﬁlled
all his thoughts. He had sent that eastbound freight
along that single line of track. The horrible xnangling

; deaths. that must occur at that lonely bridge over the

Ceriso were his fault. He could think ofnothing else.
“Wireless telegraph station !” said Ted. “The gov-
ernment telegraphers stay at them all night sometimes.
There’s a chance. It’s ﬁfteen or twenty miles away.
There is no use trying to ride a horse there. But if
you can get a locomotive and run it, I will ﬁre it for
you-—all your ﬁremen about the yards have gone home
by this time--we may save this train: Pull yourself to-
gether. Try and understand.” T
Butts braced up a little.
“There is a locomotive in the yard now,” he mut—
tered; “if you do as you say we can make it." ,
All this time the two boys had been hurrying along
the street. It was pitch dark, and they had . now 
reached the loneliest part of the thoroughfare W}1ich:'_’ ..
ran from the Coronado Hotel to the railway station;
The rest of the young rough riders had been taken 
surprise by Ted's quick action. They had seen him 
dash out of the room, dragging Butts with him without V .
understanding what had.  ed; e’.l_‘he   ’ ’
operator, who had brought the news of the

 
 
   
  

' calamity to Butts, soon explained to them what had"

 Kit Summers was the 
what Ted had in mind. _ M _. 3
"Come on,, fellows," he yelled, "we will run downfi
to the station with him and see if we cannot help
him!” V T . T t  . . ..
» The rough riders dashed out to the street, but—when
they reached it the two boys they were after were
 J -_ I I I 
] Tedand Butts were within a hundred yards of 

  
    
     
   
    
    
 
 

  

bling toﬁhe 8Tound, and" a moment later. in ythe‘*dark2
ness. Butts had been knocked over also. ' 
Mike Hicks was carrying out the attack 11 

   

 
    
   
  
  

   

’N§v.sayyw.iaai.:si:y.....;tm: ‘
.m.;¢mcm off 'I,'cd; smug. one his  
 like tol‘.‘tinia;l:§.sis.norr:‘i’I! as

 
  
  

  
    

    

   

  NIC CTER WEEKLY

C 6779 Best Detective Stories in the World

   

372——Dazaar, the Arch Fiend; or, The House of the Seven Devils.
__ 373--The Queen of the Seven ; or, Nick Carter and the Beautiful Sorceress.
374--The Sign of the Dagger; or, The Crime Without a Name.
375—The Devil Worshipers; or, The Deﬁance, of Dazaar.
V 376-—-The Cross of Daggers; or, In the Lair of the Devil Worshipers.
. 377—The Last of the Seven; or, The Confessions of Dazaar.
. 378——-Ten-Ichi, the Wonderful; or, Nick Carter’s Greatest Find.
3z9——The Mystery of the Mikado; or, Nick Carter in Japan.
. 38o——An Emperor at Bay: or, Nick Carter Deﬁes the Czar.

( ‘ 38!--The Crime Behind the Throne: or, Nick Carter and the Palace Mystery.
382--—Holding Up a Nation; or, The Little Giant Rules the World.

383---Kidnaped in Broad Daylight; or, Nick Carter on His Own Trail.

. 384-—The Little Giant's Double; or, The World's Two Strongest Men.

 385-—-The Secret Order of Associated Crooks; or, The Confederated Criminal Trust,

386-—When Aces Were Trumps; or. A Hard Game to Play.

387-—The Gambler’: ‘Last Hand: 01', The Little Giant Wins Out.
388-ep—TheeMui‘der'at Linden Fc%2;l;'or‘,~T.l1e Mystery of the Cadillac Needle.
‘389—Merced‘es Danton‘s Double; or, A Plot for Many Millions. »

‘ 39(>—The Millionaire’: Nemesis; or‘, Paul Roger’s Oath of Vengeance.

""391-A-A Princess of the Underworld: 0:’. The Mysterious Burglary at Lakeview.

392-—A Queen of Her Kind; or, A Beautiful Woman's Nerve.

393--Isabel Benton’s Trump Card; or, Desperate Play to Win.

394--A Princess of Hades; or, The Reappearance of. Dazaar, the Fiend.

395--A Compact with Dazaar: or, The Devil Worshaper’s Den. -

396——In' the Shadow of Dazaar: or, At the Mercy of Vampires.

’ 397*-The Crime of a.Money-King; Of. The Battle of the Magnates. ,

‘C3989-The Terrible Game of Millions: or. Tracking Down the Plotters.

 399-—A Dead Man’.-. Power; or, The Mystery of a Telephone Number.

 400-—~The Secrets of an Old House; or. The Crime of ‘ Washington Heights.

i 40!--The House with the Open Door: or.‘ The Double Crime of Madison Avenue.
~ “p3—.-$'I11e Society of Assassination; or, The. Detective’s Double Disguise.

 3...'m¢ Brotherhood of the_Crossed Swordsyor, The Ihttle Giant's Mighty Task",
1 . 4o4__crhe -41-mil Of; the Van_imre: or. The Mysterious’ Crimes of Prospect Park.

;< 4g5....'n-,¢ ﬂung‘; of the Night; or, The Terrors of the Idol's Cavern.

 406+-The Captain of the.Vamp1re; or,’ Smugglers of the Deep Sea.

.5  }'»‘resi‘dent's, Plot; or. Three Villains Sofa Stripe. 

     
   
     
     
   
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
   

 

 
    
   
   
       
   
    

    
     
    
     

  
   

 l‘..V.“..,l .” .‘.g.n_  V ' 9: hand. pl! you Gbllolijqt :1... 9... ,,._ , ‘nu
  ﬁyonO§uyiubdIdt§nnhvoc'brusu.‘p¢gg,.“, «

    William St..*N£W voyage «

— i

   

 

   
 

  

STORIES 0 THE EVOLN

Such as you are interested in are
contained in the new . . . . . .

§_____0YS or LIBERTY LIBRXRY

There hooks are written by well-Known authors, ,
published in well hound pgper editions. and are

     
 

   
   

j
W?

Ihejest   Historical §-torni-E; for Boys on the Market

   

If you are interested in the early history of our

co ntrr. in the stirring times of Washington and
Ptxnem and Paul Revere, ask your newsdealer

to show you one of these books. The? ‘are
eateries of boys who tired in the time of the
Revolution and ‘ deal with thrilling adventure

A and fighting between Red Coats and Continentals.
" Here are name of the first inuues:

 Paul Roma and the Boys of Ltborty.t t- - - By John no Morgan    
  2. Fighting for Freedom; or, The Birth ottho stars and strlpos. - By Liaut. Lounsoomy   t
 A3. The Young Ambassador : 4 or. Washingtoos First Triumph, ~ By John De Morgan  Q
”  4.7119 loaguootftvo: or, washtugtoo‘sBoy Scouts, -% By commander Post, 6. Mt. f 1,
‘  The ftrst shot for Llhomy; or, The Minute Moo at Massachusetts. By John Bo Moment 4
 Pant tom; or.» ttmttomiot the tomato! Navy. o - ‘A By Frank  A

        
           
     
     
    
  

  
 

 

  

  , h    l§;“bnreh_used for “Ten Cents.

         éaawtnnrmi 

 
  
 

    

   '89

  

'5' 1 mm W. ..

 ...%A
A Different Complete HANDSOME COLORED
Story Every Week C, COVERS

Your attention is called especially to the works of HORATIO
ALGER, _IR., now appearing in this weekly.

LATEST TITLES

82——The Mysteries of Asia; or, Among the Ifomdafs.
‘ By Cornelius Shea.

83——The Frozen Head; or, Puzzling the Police.
By Paul Rand.

84-Dick l)anf‘orth’s Death Charm ;‘ or, Lost in the
S0111]: Seas. By Author of“ The "Wreck of the Glaueus.”
85-4-Burt AIIe11’s Trial; or, Why the Safe Was
Robbed.   ‘ By W. A. Pareelle.
86———Prisoners.of War; or, Jack .DashaWay’s Rise
FI‘OIl1 the I|’c‘lI1I{S. By“ 01d Teeum.”

87-—A Charmed Life; or, The Boy With the Snake
_ Skill. I By Author 01‘ “Among the Malays.”
88-—011Iy an Irish Boy; or, Andy Bz1rke’s Fortunes.
B By Horatio Alger, Jr.

The Key to the Cipher; or, The Boy Aetor’s
Struggle. By Frank J. Earl].
90——Through Thick and Thin; or, Foes to the Last.
By Walter J. Newton.

91-111 Russia’s Power; or, How Two Boys Outwitted
the Czar  By Matt Royal.

‘-

To be had from all newsdealers. or sent upon receipt of
price, by the publishers.

Street  Smith, 238 william Jtreet, New York

iv A A

 

 

 

