L‘;I1!z'n'J.4; .51../>2z.1'~..'.1,; J/.111;/‘ .4! //It .\»'.

NEWYORK, AP_li{H1_2iZ

The next instant. before the detective could gather himself. the horse had dashed away with
the rider safely upon its back.

     

 

IN! IEWQ7

em: ;E.ll:2

‘ l

 

“[‘t'lH@l‘aK
     2

§KU=.V

   

xv. MY.

' >'  lﬁﬂly. Ry rubscnwhn raga  year. Entered as Second-class Ma/ter at tile N. Y. Post Oﬂice. by STREET & SMITH. 79-ac Seven!) 
E81004 4c‘-'00rdmg to Act of Congrats in the year zoo]. in the Oﬂice of tie L;'bran'au 0/ Congress, Waslainglos. D. C.

  
  
  
     

' No. 53§. 

 

woman

NEW YORK, April 27, 1907.

Price _Five Cents. V

of the /Maskf,l

23.‘--,.= ‘ .;" _I‘.;’} 4'
"xx...-:.az4' .e  /«*7
‘ ‘ V. , I
‘ g:1.:f_.x3 ‘I ,},“:q" ({?>'5,f. H ' \ OR’
:1. lg , . . 3

 

{L 1 NlQKr CARTER’S QUADRUPLE MYSTERY.

 

  
 
    
 
       
       
   
         
  
   

"CHAI5_TER _"I.
7:; ‘  mains F1ViZ_":rV§0&USAND4A,DlAY.A
 of the Maslcl ' h
”*s‘3W'e
- 1»

  

a

e  of step-

. V’M\as.k. - ‘ t_l
at .e  ﬁnd ready

 ‘gm ever-5; tong1’ze“?n  neigh‘bor.- ‘

the city, "
‘could identify 'it if he should hear it again.
' - ‘Calv:
' that name. Very few outside the residents of 

’  ’vafi"t'l:e~~Vif:gfj£_)_ia;tv,Calverts had lived there for "'3 ~ $ -
' Aandihencelits name. ‘ ‘I ‘ l v

l  .\$’0i:ldv't83<¢’yg_ﬁ lg;

    
   

‘ ‘*3 ‘.1 l
e \ V, »- - i ' I ' ‘
,  5'! CHICKERING CARTER. 
.- do ' I . ‘ 
 l .
I .

, Bolfs',' Bars. electric bells, watchgdogs, all were alike‘
unavailing against her. She‘ snapped ‘her ﬁngers meta-
phorically at all these. ~
. She managed somehow, too, to make her noctufhal
visits always when she ‘was least expected. She came;
as silently as a shadow. She departed as silently aseheie
appeared. If she spoke. at all it was always in‘ a strangely‘
subdued voice, which was so nondescript in tone tha
[there was not one among her victims who  ’

~,

   
  
  

  

Park was, and is: an, extremely aris ’ _
suburb of» the city. It is not down on the map 

  

l r

cpnk/l tell youwher it is located; but once up¢tx:aa' we at

   

. If ' sbognld  uponfa t,rolle'y-carivn  l
vert Park in thirty-ﬁve 

 
  

  «  the liri1its‘ofGreeter
‘‘  

 in the .fact that some were richer than others. They all
 lived in pretentiously ﬁne houses, detached houses, with
ample grounds surrounding them. The community of
Calvert Park was like a ciub; one had to be duly elected
to membership before one could “butt in” upon the sanc-
 of that environment. This, of course, was not true in
‘fact, but it was in theory, and there are times when theory
is stronger than fact. . .

The Woman of the Mask had preyed upon that com-
munity for six months, on and off, before the vidtims of
her predatory habits really “sat up and began to take
notice,” and then it was discovered that eight houses had
 entered and robbed in that time——rather more than
at the rate of one a month.

, It was when the mansion of General Hastings was
J _ enteredi and robbed that things came to a climax.

., The general. had always‘considered himself as rather
above the ordinary things of life. It was quite compre-
hensive that the house's of his neighbors should be entered
and robbed; but it was entirely beyond the ordinary
understanding that his own residence should be made to
suffer in like manner. ‘

.. . From his own standpoint, it was almost a sacrilege.
 He did not say so, to be sure; he would even have been
75» astonished had it been said to him; but it was none the
.less true.
The Woman of the Mask had entered and left his house
as silently as usual, only she had done rather more in her

  
    
  
    

‘ . visit to the general; she had entered, robbed, and takg‘

.:;;.»Iier-A departure without disturbing a soul in that great
house. ' , .
.. ’Mor’e~than that, she had taken things—so the general
 said—-—for which she could have no possible_use,; things
"  she’ could not dispose of without getting caught;
 that would  no’ recompense forethetheft, in
the markets, although they were of great value to him.

""'BI$ti‘ general was angry.: His. sense of dignity was
 His repose had been disturbed. It washall
  ‘ms ‘viewpoint that the Woman of the Mask

   
  
   
  
      
   
  
  
  
     
   
    
        

 it was distinctly an outrage when she should
to e‘nter,Auna_nndune_ed, the residence of General

why as sent for Nick Carter.  ;

,_ _h‘ad,n6t thought ofit untifthat mornin  Vlfhen

 had  the {act that their residences
 entered  robbed, he had srnied grimly and

 W wfhéithiarhad  WI“ 9'1’.

V. -   «His; own ‘house  been

i}re3;li!é-ire .61 the see.-
we 91¢‘. _,  , 

   
 
 
    

  

p  the houses of-Cuthbert, Hillis, Pemberton, and‘

 “Idon"k w . . -.

NEVV NICK CARTER \\7EEKLY.

tired list, he had been engaged in preparing manuscripts
which were some day to be published, and which he be-
lieved would make as great a sensation as did the “Mem-
oirs of U. S. Grant.”

I “Take a seat, Mr. Carter," said the old general, when
the detective entered the room. “I am glad that it was
convenient for you to come to me at once. I have been
robbed.” .

“Another Calvert Park burglary?” smiled the detective.

“Calvert Park burglary!” the general snorted. “This
is a General Hastings burgary, sir, and the worst of it
is, that infernal woman has taken all my manuscript.”

“Has taken what?” asked Nick, leaning forward, for.
he was surprised.

“My manuscript! My work, that I have been engaged
upon for seven years. My maps! My best charts. My
notes, and my manuscript.”

“But of.w'hat ‘possible value could such things be to
the burglar?” asked the detective.

“That’s just the point, sir! That is why I have sent ,'
for you. Personally, I would have accepted a hundred
thousand dollars for the manuscript, the maps and charts, ‘

' but intrinsically they are not worth their weight in com—

mon wrapping-paper. All the same, that infernal woman
has talqen them.” .

“Yoti have said ‘infernal woman’ twice. I suppose you
refer to the Woman of the Mask?”

“Who else?”

V “Did you see her?”

I “No.” ' ‘

“Did anybody see her or talk with her? She some-
times lets herself be seen and does a little talking as
well?’ “ 0  _ '

“She did neither in this case. She came and went like
a shadow. We had no idea, that the house had been
entered until it was opened.,_this morning. The woman
was not heard, at all in the night. We have no idea what
time «she was here, more than conjecture.” _

“What else was stolen besides the manuscripts and
the maps'_?"- » A . "

“Oh, some_ jewels, ‘some silverware, some gold plate,
and some cash; but sheﬂis welcome to all that if she will . 
only return ’ " I I ’

_"How much value have you lost in the other articles,
general?" , ,

M f‘I don't know. I have not ﬁgured it. My wife lost a-
fvaluable diamond necklace. My eldest daughter, who . ‘er;
happens to be visiting us at present, lost some jewels. 
The butler can tell you about theother things that were{ ,7.
Helen. I. have ‘paid no attentiorfto their talk about it; 
What‘ I wish you to recover for me are the things that
were taken from this ‘s_tu’dy;- All the rest can go to grass,’
sir I” ‘ . I '
“How was rat" bone entered ?" asked the detective.» :

1

   
    
    
  
   
  
   
 
  
    
 
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
    
     
    
 
     
 
   

‘ I. "Have you inquired?” _

“Naturally. Nobody knows a thing about it. When
 opened up this morning, he found things as
’’ usual. He had no idea that there had been a robbery

until later. There were evidences enough of it in the
‘dining-room and‘ in the butler’s pantry.”

I “But this ‘room is the only one to which you have given
-A anyjpersonal attention, general?” .
f‘Yes. Decidedly. I don’t’know why I did it, but the
jnoment Ivheard there had been a robbery, I hastened to
this‘ room and ‘discovered what I had lost here.‘ Frorn
 moment I have paid no attention to the complaints of

if other. Jewels andtsilverware and goldware can be
 replaced. _I can write‘a check for such things as that;
.but I can't write‘, a check for my mauscripts, sir! I can-.
4% not‘ replace them with mere dollars.”
I “I don’t know about that,” replied the detective. “It is
possible that the burglar had the idea in view that you
oguld do so when they were taken.”
I “What do you mean by that?” , _ -
 us hope. that the burglar intends in the future
to communicate with you and to ‘offer temis whereby the
tetnrn_ of your manuscript would be assured on payment
of '3" sum by you." i
 . Do youthink that?” p _ _
‘ "I cannot imagine any pther reason why they should
haveybeen taken at all.” V _. > '
. *.‘Lét us hope, Mr. Carter, that theproposal will be
de,” said the general, smiling novr fof the first time
xhsdetectiveseritered the room. ',
‘ﬁn you mean, general, thattyoii would accept such an
oﬁer, and pay out money for the return of your stolen
3n}:ticles'?' '

assuredly-do.”— « . I
“But that would “bevcompounding a felony."
'«"I4don’t‘vca.re a continental what it would be.. I want
 again. -What; do I care for a few

   I am a rich man. Yoix» know
 could  ependsrny income, let ‘alone: my capital.
 x'ea_nvtha",t7,‘vire_ left to meto.live._ I am long

old.“  ;:e,re,fc’a_uer, if you think
. ' 5: ~ _ I d ‘

‘ \

\

  

 _w‘as'_ the woinan?” - I

. at itgthen. ﬁn’. you think that
'to.w(ite”.to me atidrrnahe any such

 
   

ails". I  ouxjuite frankly that "
 L ‘ I i‘ilollarsJ.,f<_>_r the’ re-~
.€i:iéstions.;isk:d.:' I

,  ‘;'1a,qiiité as -cheerfully give‘;
 whyhfvifoiald i‘é5°.Ve.r 31¢ “bl?” .

   
 
    
 

       
    
 
 

“ ‘£37 3

 

' , NEW NICK ‘CARTER WEEKLY.

. something.”

1 immediate dismissal is the penalty for entering here with

'  ‘lie on-."oi,11* oars, so to V.

 “Then you did
"had been  ?” p

,.7 .V‘:“u'.; .". ‘Y-1'-pi ‘I
e 

3

in short, the things that were taken from this particular
room, before twelve o’clock to-night, and return them to
me unharmed and complete, I will give you a hundred
thousand dollars -for your trouble. Before to-morrow
night, at the same hour, the reward will be reduced to
ninety-five thousand; the next day, it will be ninety, and‘
so on, like that.‘ VVhat do you say?”

“You mean that you will deduct five thousand dollars
from the amount of the reward each twenty-four hours?”

“Yes; only you have got to agree to work out the
twenty days before you abandon the search. If you don't
ﬁnd the stuff till the last day you will receive only ﬁve
thousand dollars; if the day before the last, ten thousand,
and so on. How do you like it?” \

“It sounds all right." ‘

“Well, go ahead then. Find that infernal woman!
Get back my manuscript and the other articles. The
quicker you do it the‘ better you will be paid, and don’t
spare expense, for I will stand that part of it, no matter
how it turns out.” »

“All right, general,” said the detective. “Now, I want
you to reply to a few questions, if you please.”

CHAPTER II.
THE MISSING MANUSC_RI‘I-"1'.

I “VVe will conﬁne ourselves to what occurred in this

room, if you please,” said the detective. [The general

nodded. ’ .
“Yes” he said. “That is the only part of the aﬁair that
interests me.” 
“Who made the discovery that this room had been ; 1
entered atall?” I .l.
“I did. I am the only one who ever enters it, save only 
when I call somebody here, or send my secretary for

“Is the door; of , the room kept locked during your 
absences from it?” ' i 7
“No; it isn’t necessary.” ,
"Why not?” ‘ 
“For the reason that the entire household is aware 

out express permission.” ‘g,  1.
“Are there no exceptions to that rule?”
“None whatever.” . .
“l\Jow, tell me in what condition yop found the room i

‘when you. entered it» this morning.” i g I W. I

. “I found it in the usual condition. There  r ‘

evidence here that anybody had entered the room  I1

left it; Everything was the same as usual. I could not

  

see ‘-that anything had been disturbed."
apt know at once that your

  

.€~--4. J’

.» «N4 sr ‘e
. O ~~
-. A 

. ‘V V

 

   
      
  
  
    
     
 
    
  
  
  
   
 
   
     
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
    
   
 
 
 

“Tell me just how you made the discovery.”

s The general was seated in a revolving-chair at the op~

7,. posite side of the desl<—-a huge, square, ﬂat one——-from

" the‘detective. Now he leaned forward and pulled open
a drawer at his left.

. "Look here,” he said, and Nick rose and walked around
' ‘ the table. “I keep my manuscript in this drawer; that is,
the ﬁnished manuscript; that which I have ﬁnally revised
. and corrected, and which I consider to be ready for the
- printer. In this drawer”-—and he opened another one,
just above it—-—“I put the sheets as I write them, the last
page on tot!-—so. Here”——he pulled open the lowest
drawer on that side, a deep one—,—-“I have been in the
habit of keepipg my reference maps and charts, many of
them made by myself and which are, therefore, impossible
to replace.”
Nick nodded.

 “I mean that I keep in this drawer such maps and
‘. ‘charts as I am at the time using constantly.”
1 * He closed the drawer and leaned back in his chair
again.
_ , “In the drawers on the other side, on my right, I keep
 grny blank manuscript paper, and the maps, charts, ref-
‘T rences, and notes which Iyam likely to want. I never
  my work to litter the top of my desk. When I"
 working for the day, I always" gather everything
together, and put things where they belong. When I
 work last night, or rather yesterday, -in the after-
 put the things away as I have described, and
; herefore, when I entered the room this morning, know-A
" .’ ring that the house had been entered and robbed during
ythenight, ,I had no. idea that this study had also been
 :‘'But, when I came to my desk and pulled open a
-drawer, more from force of habit than because I suspected
anything might be missing, I nearly dropped in my
‘ todiscover that the drawer was empty. It did not
me long after that to open the remaining drawers,
wt'th_ the result that I found every one of them
I The burglar had takenieverything that pertains

I

_ ipt, the maps, charts, notes———'EVERYTHING_l”V
 A‘ A ‘ ._ nothing elsebiri the room disturbed?’ -
V ﬁi8.‘__B_Hng." ; __ ' ' * ‘

~ there no evidence here, anywhere else, that the
" big that I ooozd discover, then or now." "

fgeneral; don't you think so, sir?’

' it is something in the nature of ransom money.

" ‘work; the completed manuscript, the unrevised 

cf must have known, .then, something.'aboizt.

, that~duty.’7 « I
,: In . VA.‘ iwi?

NEW NICK CARTE.R WEEKLY ’

“Merely in order that it might never be published, if
for no other reason?”

The general was thoughtful, but at last he replied em- ,
phatically: g

“No; there is no such person. That is not the secret
of this outrage."

“What, in your opinion, is the secret of it, general?”

“I believe you hit it the ﬁrst time.you made a guess;
I be-
lieve I will hear, presently, that my manuscript will he .
returned to me on payment of a certain sum of money.
The thief must have known ” '

“Precisely. That is what I am getting at. The thief A
did know just how highly you valued your work upon "
which you have been so long engaged. More, the thief '
knew perfectly well in what place that work was kept.
The thief was able to enter this room, take the work and
the things that go with it. and walk off quietly without
disturbing anything else; that is, without the necessity of
making a search.” .1

“By gracious, it does look like that!"

“I would like to ask you if the burglar displayed an
equally intimate knowledge of the other parts of. this
house,5as of this room ?” -

“I believe so, now that you speak of it. It would seem
so frtivm the fac ”

“Well?”

“That in each case the thief seemed to know exactly
where to go in order to possess certain articles of value;
seemed to-know exactly ho’w to get at those articles with
the least possible trouble, and how to make oﬁ afterward

 

 

"with them without diﬁiculty. I understand what you are

getting at, Mr; Carter.”

“That the Woman of the Mask is some person who has
the entree to your house and to the other‘ houses in this
community?” ' '

The old general nodded vehemently. ’

“The Woman of the Mask is one of our own set. That ' A
goes without saying, now. I’ see it very plainly." ,

“Is ‘this the first time that anything has been stolen
from your house; general ?" i ‘

“-Yes.” _, . “ ‘ I *1

“Did I understand you to say that you did not know : ‘
how the burglar entered or left the house?” _ _..«?

uyug? A  _ ;;

“Will youtell me exactly what you mean by that?” , .
T’ V’.‘.I mean that no window was forced openf no door ’ ,
had been. broken in; no entrance hadvbeen forced any— 1’  7
where, that I could‘ lind.”, ‘ 3, » ‘  

“Was the house safely locked
uxnsghzr?   __ , 

“I suppose so. I »don’t know. >The butler attends to

 

 
   

   

      
 

against intrusion. of f

  
  
     
 
 
 

fxiir-alaﬂns?” is ~‘ 

  
  
 

 him here,-r., general. ‘But ﬁrst,.‘one worhl more.» Is

     
  

    

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. A ‘ -5

  
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
      
    
  
  
 
   
    
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
    
  
  
    
   
  
   
   
  
  
 

~"No.” ' i , became a widower within a year, and died three years
"A “Or with extra precautions of any kind against intru- later, leaving his daughter to me. She is like my own

sIoI:?’j daughter, or rather more like a grandchild, for she is

I “No. I have never thought such a thing necessary. still a girl.” -

 It never occurred to me that my own house would be “And Erlina P”

robbed, even while all the houses around me were being “Erlina Acosta is my wife's niece. One of her sisters

~‘ married a Spaniard or a Portuguese, I’m not sure which
it was. Erlina was the result of that marriage. She

lbiﬁsk, I have },¢a,d9” was left an orphan ﬁve years ago and she came to us.

"yes; several of them" _ What the devil do you want of all this family history ?”
 “And heard the smmd of her voice_ can you ten me “I am trying to determine in my mind which one of the
 they are?” I family will be most capable of assisting me in my search
__ ucuthben, Hims, PembettOn___and the Cooperg, I for the thief; the brightest, the smartest, the-~———”

“f.“*ﬂﬁnk.i. “Well, it would be a toss-up between the two girls, I V
;‘uH“e ya“ heard them describe the woman ?n reckon. They are about the same age. Isabel is a triﬂe

the elder of the two, I think.. Shall I send for them?
Would you like to have a talk with them? How the
blazes do you expect either of those hairbrained creatures
to assist you in a matter of this sort, anyhow?”

“I don’t know yet. I want everybody to assist me.

. . No, you ‘need not send for them just yet; but you may
17°?» ‘ ‘"1 ““*“ ’°°°““Y"I “Y ’°°°“"Y’ 5"‘ 1 5’‘°“” ring for Simpson, if you will. I would like to talk with

 hdwem siximomhs and a year ago‘ But then I be‘ him about the windows and doors. After that I will

*9 ﬂiscovcrﬂnt Lam not as young as I used t° be’ I talk with the other friembers of the household.”
‘.«that my "hand was not as steady as formerly, and
“ gittroubled me to write long at a time. I found that
__ ‘ physical strain retarded the mental faculties.”
 Y 50 you tooka secretary ?" '
'rii¢fgeiic‘iai' laughed. » 3 - 
 right here, ready at hand, all the time, and
know it‘ until-Zone day I happened to mention the
' .\ , I

I “No; that is, I, haven’t paid attention.” I

“By the way, general, before you ring for Simpson,

‘I there, is one more thing in reference to your work. Do

you.work here in this room alone?‘ Do you do all your
riting yourself?” .

4»:
-

*“As you like.” i g
The general pressed an electric-button and a moment
‘later Simpson appeared. ‘
‘I “Come in, Simpson,” said Nick. “I want you to tell
me in as few words as possible all that you know about
the burglary. I would like to ﬁnd out first, for example,
how the thief entered the house. Do you know?"
“H . I . . ,, “There is only one way, sir,-9 was the immediate reply.
ow is that? Or, rather, who is it? ,, . - .

My niece; thatiis, my wife’s niece. I think it was The thief must has come m through the.fr°m door’ ,, ,
g with a key. There is no other way in which entrance v_

V. L d’ d h I 'k . . . .
Imgﬁxe gngeert ingecgtzyegn dm£§ien:h::i;n1t:at could have been obtained, without breaking open some.

,’ ,
air -5 1 ' - ‘

 
  
       

. . iv ” I
-~ ymiild do the writing for me. She began at once. th.mg' , . ' ,
  and mw..I don't-know how I . — " T"""‘
 iiei-3-fnvzhocer‘-~‘she 1?  . .. « 1. CHAPTER III.
I 33,3," -If ‘_ -   _ _' if V . g TEIB ROBBERY A-r’curii_Bi:ii-r‘s. " '
‘itqm.-‘t.e”’n' to twelve,  two to" four each I _Cui-etul inilestignliion and thorough questioning pi-_ov.ei-,l,_;.
 =1 Igof.’ ‘ - that Simpson was correct about this. It was one of his .

     

wai“y},.ii;ii,._.,¢.,.numi,’  ._'wo’ni_oriyo'.u8auc duties to attend to locking the house at night, and Qiis he
      ‘- ' : ditty: did with thoroughness. The night of the robbery
‘  _ ~  h¢¢§h¢n,..ﬁy,..Cxn¢r?” - he had paid his ‘usual care to the duty and had assured“;

~~   1-’ . -’ T" ;,  3 j. ,  himself that everythingwassecure, for even ifahis master. "
in o been-. diq,iiqt.siand muchviin awe oi the Woman of the ii-iasg,

 
   

,5‘,-

' 7

o

  
 
  
 
   

4‘:

   
    
  

a

so 92¢». '?I”f.!11*é1ivv5‘ ,  did. . . -    I .
i’,rI_A%_s‘r:n;who i’sat.pre_sent I-Ipe kne:wof the other robberies. Servants discuss such
 an ' things among‘ themselves, and he had talked abo'ut_.the,
‘  too.  aﬁ‘ii'ir"sjiv‘ith  otreadihoiisewhere arobbei-y

“ ' i  ~ .==_ f 
to    own way as

  
  
  
      

.

I“éH’’3'9d.135‘i._th§iF elmlorérs

    

  
 

  

.¢ ..

\

  

2?.

‘lffrom the way she spoke that
‘ II have not the least doubt atvt is moment that I it had

‘whether man or woman, had either entered. the house
with a ,key which ﬁtted the front door, or had been al-
ready inside the house when it was closed.

When he was through with Simpson and would have
discussed the matter with the young ladies, he found that
they had gone out for a drive and would not be at home
till late in the afternoon, and so he decided that he
would call upon the others who had suffered from the
-predatory habits of the Woman of the Mask.
’ We need not go into these calls in detail. He called
ﬁrst upon .\Ir. Cuthbert, who was the last one to suﬁer
before the descent upon the house of ,the general.

Cuthbert’s story was to the effect that he had been
awakened in the night, while asleep in his bed, to dis-
cover that the Woman of the Maskywas standing over
himiwith a pistol leveled at his head; and she had said to
him, quite calmly: , '_

"“You brought eleven thousand ﬁve hundred dollars in
cash home with you to-night. You will oblige me and
spare yourself some injury if you will tell me where it is.
I have need of it.” ‘

_He had started to rise from the bed, but— she had
stepped’ quickly backward and away from him, .and had
said coolly: ‘

“If you attempt resistance in any form, I will not hesi-

lbltate to add the crime of murderto my misdeeds.‘ Lie
gr,  back against your pillow and lock your ﬁngers behind
,_. your head.” ' I

I

_There was something about her which compelled obedi-

  He obeyed her.

. “I am not a coward, Mr. Carter," he told the detective.
“I have ‘faced loaded pistols many times, and under

't"uany diﬁerent circumstances, in my younger days. 1 But

~that woman had what you call the drop on me. I knew
sane meant what she said.

.made.any attempt at resistance, she would have shot me
with the same calmness that she awakened mefrom my
‘-49.9?-”' \,  . - i '

" “You told her where the money was?” asked Nick.

..,g —‘fI certainly did. I would do it again, too. It was a
I  of my money or my life.’ I gave up the shekels,

that’ 1." , .
 ere  the. money? Was-‘it in that same room
. you?”

h:r“$.n  V V 7 -
 was d°n¢,then?’’. . t 
 the trousers’ to ‘me oirthe bed and ordered
 the key for her. I did so. There’ was a
  about that incident, too. ‘There ‘were sev-
 thingsabobt it, in fact, but this one was really

i

.-K V

  

   

é

. , .

   

‘E

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

_¢.“Yes\;‘locked in a small steel box that I keep in my
 The key was in a po'cket of my trousers. I" told I

about that. 190.

“VVell, I remembered that Ialso had a loaded revolver
locked inside the steel box with the cash, so when I had"
found the key I told her if she would pass the box to
me I would open it for‘ her and give her the money.

“ ‘Thank you,’ she said. ‘I will ask you to give me the
key; nothing else’ Then sheiput the box on the bed, but
keeping it out of my reach, and opened it. She did not
make any comment about the pistol that was there, but
she acted exactly as if she had known all along that it
was there.” '

“Are you in the habit of keeping such an amount of
money in cash in the house?” asked the detective.

"I don't think it has happened half a dozen times in
my life.”

“VVhat was the occasion of your having it there at that
particular time P" I

“It was a sum that I received that afternoon, in pay-
ment for a small piece of land I had just sold."

“A transaction which she seemed to know all about.
She knew the axact sum, eh?” ,

“Not the exact sum. That is. the sum was eleven
thousand ﬁvé hundred and ﬁfty dollars. The-amount she
named was eleven thousand ﬁve hundred.”

“It was near enough for the purpose.”

“Quite.” ' '

“From whom did you receive it?/ From one_of your
neighbors?” 4

77

“No: a man who lives in

“_?It doesn’t matter, as long as it was not one of your
neighbors. Now, tell me something about the woman
herself.” / ._ i

“There isn't anything that I can tell you about her, save
that I think she is young." »

"‘Why do you think that?"

“Well, I judge from general appearances. She has
the ﬁgure of a young wonlanf She has the manner of
one. She holds her head as if she were young; she walks
as if she were young.”

“What about her voice ?”

Mr. Cuthbert shook his head.

“I couldn't tell you anything about her voice,” he” said.

“Why not? You heard «it, didn’t you?" “'

“I did and I did not.

j u

do not know.
What she said was uttered in a half—whisper; a whisper
that was nota whisper. But I would like to suggest to

, you right here and now thatthrough all that sc‘ene, which

did not last more than ten minutes, the Woman of the
Mask constantly reminded me of somebody I know.” 

“Indeed/! That is interesting. Have you been able to
. V , _

determine who?” . «.9
1‘ “No: I have .not.~. I would have to be mighty oertain 7

\ .
6.:
Q

before I- would"giv t out."

   

  

.“ ,
y "' - .4)
~. A . _

    

It was .a disguised voice.’ If «
‘you ask me how I know that I will have to reply that I
And she did not exactly talk, either.p_'

  
    
 

  

\.

  
   
   
  
    
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
 

“Was anything else taken from your house that night,
; Mr. Cuthbert P”
“Nothing.”
“Anybody else disturbed in the house?”
“Not a soul.”
“How did the woman get into the house?”
.“]ust walked in, I suppose.”
a “How is that? Don’t you lock your doors at night?”

t“Certainly. Always, every one of them. Crawford-—
I ‘my butler—-swears that he put the chain up inside the
estibule door that night, too; but he was mistaken gabout
j that, of course, as we found that the chain was down, and
_» it had not been cu ”
' “You are satisﬁed that she entered that way ?"

 ‘“There wasn’t any other way that she "could enter with-
 breaking something.” ‘
!“When she left your sleeping-room with the money
, in her, possession, how did it happen that you did not
leap from your bed and take after her?”

 . Cuthbert smiled grimly.

‘av V "She had.provided against that," he said. “She put

{the key in the lock on the outer side of the door, and
i when she went out, she turned it and threw it on the floor
 the hall. By the time I had raised a row and called
"some of the servants to my assistance, and by the time
ﬂiey had found the key where she ‘had thrown it away.
1 she had made good her escape.”

“Should you say that she was blond or brunette or
 what?’’, , V ‘
A, 1;. . Cuthbert laughed again.
5“  “The woman who robbed me was a blonde--distinctly
I 50.?’ he  “The woman who robbed.Hillis was red-
headed, and so it goes.” .

“I don't  said the detective. _
    .It’s easy enough. _She wears wigs when
'  out on ‘her expeditions. . She wore it bleached-
 when the  her call upon me. When

 her respects, to Hints,‘ it was rattan. .Pemher—
9  that the in. aibnmette. So there you‘are.~”
"W,hntehot‘1t=hereyeIw?"_ ‘ A  _‘
. ’‘ ‘—‘eannot‘tell  fheyfare h‘lte', owing to the mask
  eye—h_i§les are covered*'with something
  and the colon of theeyes. .
might lseblack, or blue,-or green. «f0f_ 811 I know.'.'
i  didyou see'‘hcr‘hands?'' , V i
9 "v?'tv,tis.‘tne%tieonig:_ answer. , I’  ‘-
 =“Pid .-hs.v°*'

.   31%». iwiemoi-2° 1
*5!.M_**..*#<?:****“°z““*¥r~f¥'é'—’.

 

 

G‘

  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

.’ “The lists are destroyed,” was the quiet reply; and

that _I will

    W   

7

moved, either. You know that most women. when they
move about, make a noise——a sort of rustling noise. She
didn’t. You couldn't hear a sound. I’m‘ not much of a
judge of fashions, but I should say that her clothes were
cut :51 la mode, all right.”
“She has a good ﬁgure, you say? How tall is she?"

“About the ordinary height. I believe there is a height
for a woman which is so described, isn't there?”

“I am trying to discover if there was not something
about her which individualized her; something which
made her appear different from other women.”

“Well”-—grimly—“there was the gun; and there was ‘
the mask; and there was her presence in my sleeping-
room in the middle of the night, while I was in bed. I
think those things rather individualize her, do they not?”

“You know very well what I mean.”

“There wasn’t a thing, Carter. I studied her for all I
was worth, too. The eleven thousand didn't break me,
and I was sorry to lose it, and all that, but I think I was
more interested in the woman herself than in what she
was doing.” '

“Nothing else in the house was taken ?”

“Not a thing.” _

“Weren’t‘you impressed with the idea that she knew
her way around yourhome too well for a stranger? And
did it not strike you as remarkable that she should know

all about the cash that you had in the steel box P”

“Yes--to both questions. But what good did that do?
I have no idea who she was. Hollis and I have talked it _
over; so have Petnberton and I. We can make nothing
of it. We have had the idea that the Woman of the
Mask: is somebody -whom we know, or, at least, who

knows us; but weiquit right there. ‘We talked over
' everybody. we know who lives around here. There .isn’t
'_I women in thebunch whom we dared even to consider as

;tpouibilityinthetnatter.’.’ _ _  ‘
 “Naturally not.‘ But what about the servants? Aren't
there 8 good many lady's-maids in the neighborhood
who might adopt burglary as a vocation?” _V V
‘ “Hardly. We canvassed them, too.‘ We went through 1. ,.
the whole gamut. Wrote down names and scratchnd “.£‘§
them out as we discusscxl them: and when we had 'ﬁn— 5.
ﬁshed they were all scratched out. There was not one 
 V _ g .:..<
“I would like to have seen that list, or those lists, and V I
know which were the last names that were scratched." ‘

      
     
 
 
 

   

it
 said so strangely that the detective stared. " .__. .
.J"“Pe'rlnps,” he said. “I will asklyon to make a new’ 

one for me, before longfor to help me to   t -,

 myself-. What would you write §
: ~. » >24:  . ( _ . _;;

 
 

mart"

  

1

 

 
 

 \

,-

8i » NEW NICK CARTER’ \VEEKLY.

CHAPTER IV. a 
THREE BEAUTIFUL WOMEN.

V The interviews that Nick Carter had with Pemberton,
with Hollis, and with Cooper. were each about as pro-
ductive, or rather as unproductive, as the one had with
' Cuthbert.

And their stories were in substance the same, also.

To each of them the Woman of the Mask had appeared
suddenly and coolly; to ‘each she had stated the purpose
of her call and her wishes regarding it, and in each
case she had enforced her demands at the point, of a

 ’ 7 pistol, and always with that cool, calm. manner of self-
’“ A assurance and settled purpose which inevitably carried
conviction with it.

-In each case, too, she had seehgd to be thoroughly
posted not only in regard to the habits and possessions
of the man she robbed, but concerning the interior of
the house as well. It was Pemberton who assured the

  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
   
 
 
  
 
 
 

do myself.” I
They all agreed that there was something distinctly
\ familiar about her; but there their unanimity ended." It
* was’ in her manner, somehow; in the poise of her head;
(in the way she moved across‘ the floor; in a gesture of the
arms; not one of them could particularize about it. There
. was not one of them who ventured to state exactly what
, it was about her that reminded him of some other person.
W - The chief thing of interest to the detective about the
V robberies was the method by which the house had been
 éntered in each case. 7 y .
T Always it was through the front door. Never had any-
thing been broken. '
._ The legal deﬁnition of burglary is “breaking and enter-

7'. in «the State has ruled that entering the house of another
,  use of skeleton or duplicate keys for the purpose
’ "lof robbery constitutessbreaking and entering under the
‘ law, there would have been no burglary in these cases. .
But burglarythere was; serious burglary, too,-as it
appeared; for the woman’s gains were considerable.
I The eight robberies which had taken ‘place within six
months had netted the Woman of the Mask the very tidy

.other valuables ‘that had ‘been taken in the shape 1 of
‘ewels and ornaments, gold and silverware and miscella-
geomarticles.~  T, .

 evening, when the detective had completed his in-
yestigatious, hereturnedéua General Hastings’ house and

  _ every‘  in the neighborlieod knows it
-"I

. L,‘

 

detective that “she new her way about quiteas well as_I

ling,” and were it not for the fact that the highest court’

*gu'rn,9f $I2o;ooo in eash,,to say nothing whatever of the.

 know that yau sent~~fpr me to‘

Z’   knots: 1“,°_,1T.' *
jfydikrgpiyiasihikslflgtjthis;

It was probably very generally known that you were sent
for, long before you arrived at my house to-day. W'hy P”

“I had been hoping that we might keep my connection
with the case a secret.”

The old general laughed immoderately.

“That could not have been done, even if we had tried
it," he said. “Here, there is a Grundy in every house-
hold, who reports at once the slightest occurrence. It is
then passed from mouth to ear throughout the commu-
nity. If I were forty years younger than I am I would
not live here; being forty years older than I would wish,
it makes no difference to me,”

During the evening the detective made the acquaintance
of the Hastings family, already mentioned; and in doing
so he encountered two surprises.

For one thing he was in no way prepared for the youth T

and beauty of the general’s wife. The old man had said
nothing to lead the detective to suppose that Mrs. Hast-
ings was his second wife; but he found her to be less
than thirty years old, and youthful in appearance at that.

She looked scarcely older than her niece Erlina, or than
the adopted daughter of the general, Isabel Acton.

As Nick faced them in the drawing-room that evening
he thought to himself that he had rarely seen three such
beautiful women together in any company.

They were beauties of a distinct type, too. Mrs. Hast-
ings possessed an abundance of hair of a strange, coppery
color, or possibly was suggestive of beaten gold. Her
eyes were of a reddish brown tint, large, luminous, full
of expression, and her complexion was as fair and as
smooth as a girl’s. g

Eflina, "the niece, was distinctly of the Spanish type.
Her .liair——and there was a lot of it—was coal black; so
were her eyes; somber black, ﬂashing with hidden ﬁres;
restless eyes; eyes with inﬁnite possibilities behind and
beyond them. i \

Isabel Acton/ was of another type. She had large,
round, innocent, baby-blue eygs that always looked upon
you with a suggestion of surprise in them. VVe have all
read about alabaster complexions, and if there are such,
she had one-with the flush of life—giving blood glowing
through it invitingly. Her hair might have belonged to

one of Thor’s goddesses. ,It- was the real, genuine, unde-’

niable blond which could never be mistaken or suspected
of artiﬁciality.

‘The three were of about the same height and ﬁgure and
they certainly turned the home of the general into a sug-
gestion°of fairyland.

The old man himself spoke of them as his three graces’.

“You see,” he said laughingly, to the detective, “I am
patriotic, even in rnywomen. I have the red, the white,
and theiblue-,—for' if you; look close enough you will see
a/tinge of blue; in the blackness of Er1ina’s hair.”

[K-griowing who Nickiwas, the ladies professed, consid-

' _* ’ s, ,
. 5- 2' ‘ .

erable interestiin what opinion he might have concerning fr

 '..4 ‘in:-__¢z..~..a_..  ...xt.a‘.:$fi

  

the Woman of thex Mask, and, after a little, they grouped
"themselves around him-with apparently eager questions
‘about the case.

“Do tell us what you have discovered?” asked Mrs.
, Hastings, while the others drew nearer to hear _his reply.

“I have discovered,” he said slowly‘, “just about what
‘ you already know; no more; no less. The burglar is a
. woman ; she is young; she is beautiful——-”
' “But,” interjected Isabel Acton, “I thought she always
wore a mask’: » ’

‘‘So she does,” replied the detective. “Nevertheless, it
 - is the consensus of opinion that she is beautiful—and
charming.”

_ .“I don’t see how anybody can possibly know that-
' under the circumstances,” insisted the young lady.

“Nothing is easier,” retorted Nick. “The intuitiveness
,_ of the men she robbed. Her own inﬁnite grace of motion.
 Her poise, audacity, courage, coolness, adroitness; noth-
King but youth and beauty could give her all those quali-
. ks?’ ’

“I suppose you intend to catch her, Mr. Carter?” said
. I Erlina quietly. ‘ '
 _ A “I certainly do,” was the equally quiet reply.
 “I would like to ask you how you intend to accomplish
' - it?”

“I don’t know that, Miss Acosta; but, judging from the
experiences I have had with the criminal classes, ‘I should
answer that question by saying that ultimatelyshe will
catchherself. They almost always do that." '
“Drthey? How,so ?” ’

A -f“Did it ever occur to you, ladies, that -the very first
. requisite for a successful burglar—for'a successful crim-
ﬁnal of any sort—is conceit?”

’ They admitted that the idea had not occurred to them;
 Nick continued: ' \

 “There is no doub that the Woman‘ of the Mask is one
“ ifiyon and _one with you‘. I refer, of course, to your
*soI;iety, as" it ‘is recognized’ here at Calvert Park. Some
one of the many friends you meet at eachéof the recep-
itions, or bridge-parties that you attend, is the Woman
 the 

f if_’il‘he. ladies were visibly affected by_ this announcement,

 

 
  

 

 
 

 

 
    

  

' vi

 

  
    
  
  
   
    
  
   
   
    
 
 
 
 
   

_ he continued: .. . , A .
 Wornan’of the Mask lives in one of the houses
"the, park; she is‘ received atall the homes in the park
 of eqﬁancyelunless she  one of the maids.
 is hardly ciinjectumble. She therefore. knows that

jam  now. ancljhat I have areputation to main-
 for  as well as.'for success gen-
 she  be inclined to lie low. for a.

3 '  after alititlei  fear of me  pass‘
‘“  win   is this Nick 
.  Jig; f1  }t¢:-   isheﬂwill imme-

 L      9‘. i 

..a I ‘

* ‘ NEW NICK CARTER

 paused enohgh to let it have its eﬁect: _'

WEEKLY. 9

VV hen she does that, she will walk directly into my power,
and the mystery of the Woman of the Mask will be a
mystery no longer. I am quite aware that all this sounds
strangely like boasting, only you must understand that I
do not mean it in that way at all. I am not discoursing
upon my own abilities, but rather upon the weaknesses
of my opponent.”

“ this is very interesting, Mr. Carter.” It was Erlina
Acosta who spoke. “What you mean to say is, that we
may all rest in security for a time, under the idea that
because you are among us the VVornan of the Mask
will be afraid to move.”

"Exactly,” neplied Nick, smiling. . ,

The young woman shrugged her shoulders and turned
away.

“What yop say shocks me,” volunteered Mrs. Hastings.

‘"15 it possible that this burglar,‘ who has terriﬁed the

neighborhood, is one of the women whom I call friends?”

“I think there is no doubg about it, madam.”

“Dear me! I hope you will catch her very soon, then.
Until you do I shall be inclined to look with suspicion
upon every woman in this neighborhood.”

“And has it occurred_ to ydu, madam, that the other
women of the neighborhood will be doing the same?”

“Do you mean that they will be looking with suspicion
upon me? Upon the ladies of this household?”

“Upon every one they meet, as you just now said you
would do.” I

“It is really a terrible condition of aﬁairs.”

It was Mrs. Hastings’ turn to shrug her shoulders and
turn away; and Nick noticed that the gesture was exactly
like her niece’s. But the detective was now alone with
Isabel Acton.‘

"How is it about, yourself, Mr. Carter?” she asked, as
soon as they were alone together.

, “How do you mean?” he inquired.

“Do you, too, look with suspicion upon every woman,

you encounter in this neighborhood P”

“Yes,_ and no. Hardly that.”

- “Upon me, for example ?” .

Isabel was looking straight into the detective’s eyes, and
hereplied to her slowly, measuring his wordsi

“The polite answer for me to make to your question
would be to say how utterly impossible such a thing could
be; but I prefer to reply by asking, Why not ?”

‘She nodded brightly at him.
, “I like that reply,” she said.
one of the women of the ‘set’ is the Woman of the Mask,
it might as well be me as another; don’t you think so?”

“F rankly—yes.” 1

_“And there are other reasons why it might be logical ,_

to suspect me more than the others.” . , ..
“I ,don't agree with you there,” replied the detective.
“Why ‘non I am, no relation to the general. It is said

tiit I    will-but. it is om ..   

'\'y I h

   

“Why not, indeed? If-

 

   
    
   
   
   
  
    
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
     
  
    
   
  
    
 
   
  
  
   
   
   

.r_»_,__,.-..,,;. y  «,1... .
. r i '

‘statement: He has‘, never told me as much, although I
have reason to believe that it is so. But the fact remains
that if he should die suddenly and I should not be men-
tioned inthe will, I‘ would be penniless; so what is more
likely than that ‘in the meantime I should take the method
of the Woman of the Mask to prepare for the emergency
to follow such an event?"

“You "are quite right, Miss Acton; but you aﬁb not
I alonegin the category.”

A “No; there is Erlina. ,Really, Mr. Carter, I think that

your first suspicions should be directed against the people
’ 5 who live in this house.” , _

And saying that she also shrugged her shoulders and
turned away as the others had done, one by one; and the
 A; gestures in each case were alike; that is, they were enough

alike so that the detective noticed the fact. People living
in the same house will have many, ‘gestures’ in common,
however. We adopt the mannerisms of others uncon-
' seiously. A _ . ,
' It was the detective’s tuxin to shrug his shoulders.

 

, CHAPTER’ V.

i /7 A - , A~‘PUZZLIN'>G YOUNG woman.

The general was correct about its being generally
known’ that Nick Carter had been engaged to run down
tl3e*mysterious_ burglar, and the proof of it was forthcom-
~ ingobefore the evening was over.

By ones and twos and threes, the entire neighborhood
'  in upon the Hastings household until one might
v. have supposed that it was a "reception night; but they.
 informally, each desirous to meet the detective and
£6 hear" what he had to say about the Woman «-of the

SR. 

 Nick» had plannedthe occasion, he could not have
ontbetter, for.)t@’e in -the great ldrawinggroom with

 of; being the burglar. ‘
 an opponunity to converse with each of them,
'  all wished to be presented to him, and ‘each one

revere beautiful women and plain woinenirold
. . .834 Nlillgyomen and: middleoaged’ women; and
‘ askthe.  party was on tlsepoint of heir-
‘:  messenger-boy appeared with a
  Hastings, which was

 by  ye — v .

‘ M , alvert P_ark.;;Ne.w York  ‘
th sioilagsriinzqisigyiaeed. mute

  

  

lﬁinwas every onevof it who might’ each ‘be '

g i do aboixtthis message?” . , _ : 
  would you advise E’? was the G‘

,\;--

— ‘NEW ‘NICK’ CAhTER WEEKLY.

without a word he passed it to the detective, who was
standing near him.

And Nick read it aloud to the gathering. Then, while
they were glancing at one another, -some with expressions
of consternation, some with amusement, he sent for the
messenger-boy to be brought before them.

To him he gave a note which he had already written,
addressed to the operator. It said:

‘ “I wish you would inquire over the wire of the oﬂice
that sent the message to General Hastings, for all par-
ticulars refetring to the ﬁling of the message for trans-
mission.” A .

“Now, young man,” he said, “hurry back to your office
and return here'as soon as you can with the information
you are after.”

And so the company remained in the general’s house
another hour; until the return of the messenger; and he"
brought with him a note which read:

\ /

“Nothing is known concerning the ﬁling ofsthe tele-
gram sent to General Hastings, save that a messenger
was called from the: Thirty-ninth street ofﬁce, Manhattan,
eiarly this morning to the Hotel York, Thirty-sixth Street
and Seventh Avenue, which has no telegraph office. The
messenger was given two telegrams to send. One was to
be held bylhim and ﬁled at ten o’clock this evening; the
other was to be sent at“once. He was given ﬁve dollars
to pay for the two messages, and told that he might keep
the_ change. He was especially instructed to hold the,
message to General Hastings until this evening, and to
say nothing about it in the meantime. The other message
was addressed to a firm name in Fort Scott, Kansas,
and has not been delivered. It was signed ‘Agnes,’ and
wethink it was used merely as a blind for the second
message. ‘The person who called the messenger was a
woman; young, well-dressed, evidently a lady in appear-
ance and manner; but she wore a thick veil, and the
messenger cannot supply a descripfqn of her."

This explicit communication was signed by the -opera-
tor——'and theincident was closed, so far as the telegraph
company was concerned. \

, ‘TI wonder,” said Nick, raising his eyes from the tnes- A

sage and looking ﬁrst upon one beautiful face and then

g , another around him, “which of you who are present here,
 to say meat the subject under considera-,

was ingManhattan, at an earlyhour this ‘morning 2”’
There ; wasno
the form of it.

"Who among you has not been across the river to Man- f,‘

hattan to—day ?” he asked.

There was a sound of laughter among them, and each ,

woman present raised her right hand, after the manner
of children at school; and every hand was raised. A

reply to this question, and he changed 

..- .. .J!L.&aw£4>_

.“Goodl” said the detective;,and he laughed with them. A "

“We  now assured that the woman who sent this telc- 

 this morning, fromthq Hotel York, is not in 
rozmist the present moment. -Now, general, what are 

9991)’? ,. fﬂ 3

 

    
  

 
  
 

 

 

  
   
   
   
    
 
 
  
     
   
  
  
    
   
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
     
      
 
      
 
 
   
  

‘f¥Vi:.ll, it might notrbe at all bad advice to suggest that
you put the money in the drawer, as the message requests
‘you to do, and that then you, or somebody else, should
Sit over it with a gun until ,the iWoman of the Mask
 I think, on the whole, that I would ignore it
d await the receipt of a second message.”

“Yes. I had thought of that. That is what I will do.”
‘Thedetective, had received several invitations to pass
the night at diﬁerént houses} but had decided to remain
bat the general’s; but when the guests had departed and
' ‘had adjourned with the old gentleman to his study for
v.,,a moment, he said to him:

—“:General, do youvcare to risk so great a sum as a hun-
I/i’~.d.re<L thousand’ dollars, in our effort to capture this

bﬁglar ?”. , . V
‘ « “I would not hesitate 5 minute if I supposed it would
do any good,” was the instant reply.

‘“Then you wish me to follow the directions of that
‘. y’ .

“Yes.” ,  ' f
-  “I will have to wait till to-morrow, you know. It
ymouldift be possible to get such a sum to-night.”

Certainly not.’ But to-morrow-, if you procure the
  have it ready, we will put it in the drawer to-
 night. I think it will be stolen; I want it to be
en; bug} am sure that I will recover it. And now,
» are  out ‘and so am I. With ‘your permission, I
 site be."  ‘ ’

he was passing along the hallway toward the stairs
nﬁiiountered-Isabel Acton, who came out of the library.
stopped, facing him, directly in the open doorway.
 you discovered the,Woman of the Mask, Mr.
 i she . asked, rather facetiously.
 quite," he replied smilingly. “She is very eva-
, ”_

«into the library, as if inviting him to‘
 an, he dias'so., /

, I ’ ‘Miss. Acton,” he’ said, ‘seating iiimseii‘
‘umiof 'a"ic,li1‘air, while‘s‘he stbod at ‘the opposite

 thble,‘ “I noticed that you were absent from

 tcvnight whenll asked rdther, an im- '
 '  you withdr'ew ‘just before I
if ' ‘  ‘could-attach to you.” , 

9 _   as thé'questioii?” _
 which 0 them had been to Man-‘
  ’*!-‘°*.“i¥‘K» i“ 53°97" . i

—  §yes_and{said-deliberat'ely: ‘  M -
 'av'oid‘ 131° ‘1|1¢5t5°‘1_. ‘whisk,

   P317 °‘3‘?.\¥
I  the 

 in inf 

 
 

   

I’; V

_.‘,.’. , .,_.>_,.' \ ,.

iujsxv NICK CARTER WEEKLY. II

“Indeed!” said Nick, and he swung around and seated
himself in the chair. She dropped into one that faced
him. '

“I went to New York this morning,” she said evenly;
“quite early it was, too; and I have kept the fact that I
did so a secret.”

“Indeed!” said Nick again. “l/Vhy?”

“If I have kept the fact that I went there a secret, it
follows that I do not care to explain it now any more than
I did then, doesn’t it ?" she inquired; and there was a
mischievous smile in her blue eyes.

“Are you trying to convince me that you are the mid-
night burglar of this community, Miss Acton?” asked
Nick.

“No; but I am convinced that some one else will try
to convince you that I am,” she said enigmatically.

“I am afraid that I do not understand you, Miss
Acton.” .

“If I thoroughly understood myself, I would be more
explicit. \Vhen I do understand somewhat better what I
am talking about, I will explain.”

“You puzzle me more and more.” _

“Possibly. I puzzle myself at times. But we are get-
ting away from the subject. The fact remains that I did

go t9 New York this morning, early, and that I kept the :

matter a secret from everybody. I think that,‘ aside from
myself, you are the only person who knows it.”

“Then you might have remained in the drawing-room
when I asked that question, and have replied in the neg-
ative without anybody’s being the wiser,”

“Certainly.” ,

“\Vhy did you not do so ?" .

“I preferred that you should_know about it at once
rather than have you discover it later, and thereby have
your suspicions even more greatly roused than they are
now.” ‘ '

, “I cannot say that they are aroused now; you are alto-
gether too frank for that.”

“And also not frank enough; no P”

“Yes.” , .

“I was in New York. I was also at the Hotel York,
Mr. Carter. Good night.” \ .

She left her chair hastily and started to cross the room .

toward the door; but Nick leaped forward and headed-
 OE. '

“I unust ask you to wait a moment, Miss ,‘Acton,” 

said sternly. “You have said either too much or too little.
I will not do you ‘the injustice -to suppose that you are

I indulging in a foolish hoax, which has no meaning and

no Qbject.” ‘ 5 \ I
“You mean that you will not accuse me of deliberate! A
lyinginérderto niake sportof you.” -

“If  that methodgof expression ;” Nick   
 kept his  between her and the

\

if :9 .’:i~:’."»’».i;» ;:‘ ‘?>“..{‘::~'1  H —— ' ‘.

 

    

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“Listen,” she said, passing back to the chair and seat- I “Will you tell me why you will not inform me about

ing~herself again. “I ride every fair morning. I ride it?”
considerable distances. I have a good horse and I like “I would prefer to say nothing more about itat the
to go alone. My maid brings coffee and rolls to my room present time, Mr. Carter. Will you permit me to leave
‘_ ‘at daylight each morning, no matter what the time of the room now, if I make another effort ?” ,
year it may be, and then goes back to bed. At this season “Yes.” I 
V  pf the year it is light about four, and so it was soon after She rose and left him with a nod’ of good night; but 
‘ A four when I started for my ride this morning.” he remained where he was for a long time; until Simpson 1 j
“Go on, please,” said the detective. “I shall want to came into the library to turn oﬂ‘ the lights before he 4
ask you some questions presently.” locked the house for the night. 
:‘-f‘I may not choose to answer them. However, I left “Simpson,” said the detective, “you have been in the 
1
i

  
   
 
     
 
 
  
   
   
    
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
  

the house this morning soon after four. I did not return service of the general for a long time, haven’t you?”
. ..until eleven. I had been absent from the house seven “Yes, 51,; Twenty yea,-sf’ ‘
hours, or nearly that. While I was absent, I went to «So that you now feel quite like one of the family’ 3;
_Manhattan. While I was in Manhattan, I went to the do!“ you F. 0 
, Hotel York. Now, does it not appear as if I was the ,, . . ,, A
~ person who sent those telegrams?” Quite so’ Sm. ’ _ 1
“It certainly does‘, , _ .“I wonder, Simpson, if you have anything on your J
' «I did not Send them, Mr. Carter. I did not know that mind that you would like to. tell me about. You have 
they were‘ sent I know nothing abcmt them’ more many looked at me two or three times since I came here  }
hiya” know at this momem___and yet I must have been day, which has led me to suspect that you would like _ *4
-» there’ at the place from which they were sent out, at to talk with me about the burglar, if you dared to suggest I
about the time they were given to the messenger, accord- ‘I’ I5 that true?
pikng to the fepopt you ,-eceivedf’ .1 “Well, sir, it partly is and partly it is not. Shall I 1
 .“Will you tell me why you were there? Will you tell 515“-3k P13in1Y» Sir? will You not Yegﬁfd it 35 P‘'€5“mP‘
,' me what t06k.you there? And, more important still} win tipn in a servant; if I say what I have in mind to say ?”
 "tell me why you have chosen to tell me all about this, ‘-‘Not at all, Simpson; and more, whatever you ..do‘ say
iynowr’ . to me I will receive in perfect conﬁdence.” '
.:“I will answer the last of your questions. Not’ the simpson shook his head_

“mien?” . _ , _ “I don’t care so much about that, sir. It is the fear
' « -' L , that you will misunderstand what 1 have to say that _
I ‘q have mm 7°“ because I hwé wpp°"’°d ma‘ ’°°"°’ makes me hesitate. I am very much afraidthat what I .,~s§
« °'.'ht9' 7°" ‘mum ‘“3°‘."'°' f°’ y°“‘'’°1f “'1 th“ I 1'3"" , have to tell you will prejudice you against, rather than ,
“dd; ma’ dis°°V"i“g it’ would wsput’ naturally’ that I l in favor of; the one I shall speak about. But, on the 
 an Wm” of the M351“ But ram no‘ th°.W°ma" other hand, if I do not speak, it may be worse.” "
°"1“'°'M”“» M“ Ca“°'- ‘ ,, “What is it, Simpson? Tell me.”

 "9 °‘'i“''‘Y "1 extremely punling yams lady’ “Miss Acton has been in this room with you for some

I’

.*..-;.4‘»:i,«.4..-.__"..._".~Vs..¢"¢'* _.,'s*‘s'. .,

’ i
i
55‘
ii

“That is what she was telling me,” said the detective 

the detective‘  I time. I do not know what she was telling you. But I do ‘I. E
 In“ ad °“'“ied*md mm '°wm'd h“ ml‘ ' know that she was over in New York at the time you ’
M" .__.__.‘ ‘ ﬂ asked about in the drawing-room.’’ ' A.

        
        
  
  
 

   
 
  

CHAPTER VI’  drily. “She was saying that very thing. Now, how do " A
H  li.,llA3KEl? WOWW ‘N131 99°3WAY_- you know she was there, Simpson?” , -
pnlhave  given‘ me this information without a "It doesn't matter, sir, just ho\v I know it. I do know: 
I itiotii're,”lsaid the detective, after ‘a pause. . ‘ it; I know more still. I know-of several coincidences M 
I  ‘motive. ‘ Assuredly.’:’ ' ' " ' . . .concerning her which would connect her with the rob—'  '
_was‘it7 ,VVJiatAis' it?” I . I ' M ’ ,' beriesthat have occurred in the park. It is the fear that,’
.»you;’sholiﬁ not "seriously suspect inc.” . you will allow suspicion to light upon her that makes 

     

  to  naiivthat ya. have" spea .” . p
 ' _hhv'e,, than '  ghadggelected to leave I . “Why do you fear that she will be suspected3'_’.

   
   
  
 
 
 

  
   

  
  
  

  J . , i   I “Because,_as I said now,..of the coincidences. But ..
 :0.’ ‘V ,-17;"     ,- 7 «_ watitato; say that I know she is not‘ the Woman of the
  it-Ilbftl early ,~Masl:.’' .; s g ‘ '  « 
Y. T  4":  1    , ﬁ“It strikes me that you are going ratlier_fat._ Siifap»

   
 

 
    

 sja;_a.. ;,Noboay has charged h\erwith~ being spam.

 
 

 

    
 
    
   
    
   
  
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
 
   
     
    
    
    
     
    

 

., 2 , or -,  t ‘  NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. :3
S3.far asIh know, nobody :has ever suspected her of it. The detective regarded the servant steadily for a mo-
‘ﬂow, why do you speak as you do?” ' ment. He knew from the attitude of the man that he
- ( ‘fBecause I believe that suspicion must inevitably light could not hope for more information from him, at least
,.upon her. I don’t want ,you -to suspect her. I know she for the moment. Simpson had said all that he intended
: is not the one.” o ’ to say. He had given the detective to understand that it
r “You have made that statement twice, and each time i W35 Within his Power t0 P70“? 3" 9-“hi for Miss A‘3t°h
‘with peculiar emphasis. »Will, you tell me how you know if he should elect to do so. That was all he cared to say.
i 5;?" ' ~ ‘ That was all he could be prevailed upon to say. Nick de-
 “Because an twp ‘occasions when there have been rob- Clded that he “’°“1d 19‘ him 80 ‘Or ‘hf Present, but ‘hat
.’ berks By the Woman of the Mask in this neighborhood some time. in the future if he regarded it as necessary,.he
personally know that Miss Acton 'cou1d not have Com- would seek an explanation of the present conversation
“gmitted them—-unless she could be’ in two places at the from Isabel A30“ h°r5¢1f- .

sasne time; two widely separated places.” “All right, Simpson,” he said. “You can go.”

.  “W35 thoughtful for 3 m°m3“t- H35 impression But after Simpson left him he remained for some time
W35 that her‘? W3-S 3 marl. 8 S€rV3I1r, Who Shared Isabel buried in thought; but at last he left the room and went
{‘\‘7*°n’5 Secretvwirh her, Wh3t€V€r it Was. It Was father quickly up the stairs to the apartment that had been as-
"startIing‘pcondition of affairs; and yet, Simpson, in the Signed to him_

539°C-Vt °f 3 Privileged character Of the h°h5ev_ might be He had.no intention of retiring, however. although he
Lﬁhﬂeded 35, 3 ?°hhdaht by 3 yohhg ,W°h‘ah hke,I5ah°1' did wish to give the impression that he was going to
I Sm‘P5°“Wa5 5139'. Years Old» 0*‘ near {hat bed and to sleep like any other occupant of the house.

.,.‘ Shh-ps°h'”?he Said at lash “what Y°“ ‘Pay’ puzzles me‘ He turned on several of the lights in his room and i ii

I  with you.” ’ A busied himself about it as if he were preparing‘ for bed;
Y"5- 5"‘ ’ - i and after a little he turned off all the lights, threw him-

“J have h°t ‘th°h3.ht °.f shhpechhg 'I53h°l A”-t°h °f this self upon the bed—-and deliberately rolled across it to the 
o o':'o;.Evejn after she told me what she did, in this room, opposite side’ where he got upon his feet again’ and E
, 3‘ few mhhhes 380- I 55“ h3di“° "h°‘1€ht_°f °°h' ‘ hastening across the floor to the door, he unlocked and
‘ ' her Whh. Fhei W°"hah 9‘ the Mh35h° But. “°“” opened it, so that there was a space of about an inch be- 
 i J -- haveoto sayabout it leads me to suspect that she tween it and the casing
M -“'2‘“°_"f5““° *‘“f’“"_°_“€€ °‘:‘"’'° 9‘ “Vt .“’°“““" If you had been there to ask him why he did it, he V. i
No sir. I wa,s»a£ra'2d of that. But you wrong her; could not have tom you:

~ = :3 ‘
m‘—i‘v'.“' , Positive ,-, ~ . «. j - It was not at all likely that the Woman of the Mask ‘
"_‘h_',' "5 _ y ' , ~ _ having visited that house the preceding night, would
hmthq"t;v}:;c:';’°‘I:wVV:n3a;:°}f§nrs::%";]g:°$:t  choose to come there again this night. It fw: got likhoglyg
 .3’ v, -  , _ ifshewasoneofthetwoyoungworneno t ouse 
. ‘ ; r h’ "°“' ; ,B_-ht hwhuld be. an wr°n33 S‘.-r‘ she —-which Nick was beginning to suspect--that she would
. "’“°°°“.* “‘”" 9’ '°°‘.‘ "id “.”°°‘ "3" ‘pm ““‘ ’°"°’Y selectthia night, when the detective was in the house. to ,-
' « __f€°“i‘h,wh9  'h"’h‘h_‘h*° ‘he w"_f,1d' I go‘ upon one of her’ expeditions, or to roam about at  go
    i A ' ‘_ . ’ afteiaothers were in bed. A .
i ‘  . no —  i ‘ Sheghad never been known to commit one of the  -,
0 b:“:;"?‘?"k “,’ berm‘ toosclosely upon the heels of another. The
,5  - _.  ’~ ‘ time‘ that had ever elapsed between them was two 

‘.

  

    
   
    
    
     
       
     
  
 

   
  
  

I

 
  
  
 
    
 
   
 
     
     

        

  But Nick had met with two rather remsrlinhle ’
,  L . ,  already, that night. One was in the confession that
 ‘ ‘ Isabel made to him relative to the Hotel York; the o__W
' ' = \q’_a,s~theistrange and disjointed conﬁdence of the pnfleif
,  s  , His real beue£«’now_was', that Simpson would mgkggas
vr , _* 5  » ‘ ” e_ffortV,ynow' household was  to 
 hr  inggtd; communicate with Isabel and tell her ,w1n:iu

 
  

  

,1   himself  the detective.» , .  :,_,
 ., ‘Nipkhld no idea in what part of the  
  located; but hisown was so‘  .; _

      
  
   
 

 

   
  
  

   
  

   p
:1 '.~~...~  ,v . 

 
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
    
   
  
  
  
   
  
  

why he pretended to go to bed and did not; why he
 the door acrack and watched.
 original purpose was to go out upon the street and

 might be abroad in deﬁance of his presence among
""‘Fo1',a long time after he had drawn a chair‘ forward
f . -seated himself by the door, utter silence reigned
throughout the house. Nick waited more than an hour
 a sight or a sound of any kind to disturb him.
  then, and noiselessly lifted the chair in which
 been seated and carried it across-the room to,-“the
 where he had procured it. Then he returned to the
 to, close it-—-and fortiinately peered out through the
  he had left. before he did so. “‘

‘V  he was ‘alert; instantly I/his nerves were

7 passed swiftly down the stairs.

' i had  the balustrade when he first caught a

V ‘of -it; and s9 swiftly and noiselessly did it move,

‘ out"o‘f sight almost before he realized that he
 itlat all. I * s ’

isohswiftly didyitﬁit past and out of his range

 T hadalready prepared himself tofzallow and ob-
gr tever he might discover, and with the ﬂitting
‘shadow, he. pulled open the door, passed out, upon
;_  door behind him and latched it with-

=' here, for there was not 8. sound, from below;

  n  ~  .
l. was ';In,d5,3B light burning? in the lower hall; but

  
 

r   there had been one.
 'so‘3:pei*l,ecﬂy.lassured in his own

  stairs, he

 

   
 
 
   
  

 

 H '. oinhis. part. ' But he
i 3-:::jat;’.;1ewg; "’,:~:,1;ainhad.aegn

   

  éwvlwme-er»

 mwiid tliéftears

  
   
  

 

‘NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 about, in the vague hope that the Woman of the

V _ toaccelerate the powers of every-sense in his’
 at just the instant he did peer into the’ hall, at

 hare told. whether it was made by man or

nor had he heard afsound of any kind to tell him which

a  and hum:td'ﬂm_ the stairway himself.» :

_ light in his pocket. He had thought that he might have 
 it use that he. could plainly have‘,

a button and cast the glare ofit into the room ahead of‘

H    won;  

vb daft h.c_..d%x°9”e§: .«standjng_tl1erc.'in the: vdoorwaye. he 
»   W” 54:‘  was there a stgim:’.a  preseirce-I-]a.nd:
— - V  Nick could not believe that the woman,  had 

   

.— escape him so eiggniy. ’

l, 

     

I 7 _r ,

- CHAPTER VII.
MYSTERIES on THE NIGHT.

Have you ever been driving along atcountry road in
the night——a very dark night, when a thunder—shower
was hovering somewhere near at hand, so that vivid

‘ ﬂashes of lightning illumincd the sky at intervals?

If you have, and have ‘noticed how the ﬂash will light
up the entire landscape ‘for an instant, only to leave
everything in utter oblivion the next, you will understand
something of the effect that the vision in the doorway. had
upon Nick Carter.

For the light behind the ﬁgure went out with the very
instant that the figure appeared on the threshold; an
so like_wi'se did the light in the hall. l

The intense darkness that followed upon the disappear-H A
ance of the two lights, can only be imagined; but it was
absolute. I g

But the Woman of the Mask had stood in the doorway,
framed there, when the lights went out, and without hesi-
tating an instant,'_Nick Carter-sprang forward to seize "5
uponvher before she could escape. ‘ »

3He ‘thought he would get her, too. He thought she i

would not have time to escape him‘; or, if she retreated
into the ‘room behind her, he would’ be able to follow
hen. He remembered that there was no way of escape . ii
froin that room save by that onedoor. 

But he grasped only the empty'air. *

There was nothing in the doorway when he reached it;

 

way the woman {had gone. ' ‘ 
He had prepared himself to go outside the house, and
if possible, or if the chance offered,xto follow anybody

whomight appear, and so it was‘ that he had» his ﬂash; ' i

 

 
  

occasion to use itVwithout‘ever’ once suspecting that it
wouldcome soesoon orlinp the way it had. i , .

The instant hereaehed the doorway and found that the if “
woman ha‘d.avoided him, he dashed his hand into his
pocket for the light; hefound it, produced it, pressed the

    
  
      
  

  
    

 

him. ‘ A __
She ygvas not there. -   l 1
He assured himself of this fact by ru‘ ingvthe streiln 
of light rapidly over every portion of the room. Then he
wheeled about and shot the light hit!) the hallway A

c

   
 

     
   
  

 
 
   

at thithall withhisflight. ~

   

    
   

 

  
 
   

 door and turned the key in the lock, for that was the
5: Z. manner in which he had seen the general fasten it.

-‘ But then he stopped and opened the door again. Why?
J.  Because he suddenly remembered the going out of the
$1. ‘_._light in thefront hall. Was there a switch connecting
‘I’ ‘‘ 'withtha_,t light, in the general’s study? . Not likely.

A_\_ search proved that there wasnot one;

But the light in the hall had been turned off at the same
instant precisely as the light in the study. _Plainly the
woman———— 4 i

s Nick closed the door a second time, very slowly, and
, he turned the key as he had done before; then he gave
‘ iferhcpression to the thought that was on. his mind.

,; -“It is all very strange,!’.’ he told himself. “That woman
stood 9n the threshold of the doorway when the lights
went out- She could not have had access to either one of
them. She could not have reached thetlightinside the
"i to turn it oﬁ any more than she _could_rea,ch the
 in the front hall, thirty feet away from her. I was
‘About to tell myself that ‘she must have had an accom-
lice with her, and now it appears that there must have
by  persons here to have accomplished all that was i
L.

     
   
  
  
  
    
  
   
   
   
 
   
    
   
     
   

 .the_r.e wasn't" a persoii in that fron; hall. I would
ﬁe seen such a one when I descended the stairs. There
_ ’, _i no person in the room beyond the Woman of the-

‘ r if there had been, that person certainly could
 gm 9; :11; room ‘before-"I ﬁlled the door-’
my own  Pint the lights did go pout-/—'—both
—n a v. ,  / K

tfiispgused through his mind very swiftly and
b_', while he stood there in utter darkness, listening
gzvery sense alert, for a sound to direct him.
a 3‘  came no sound "_at all. There was nothing.
 he released the button or his light and let dark-
 hall again, he had takenlone step aside,
.~    as .a~,-st«'m%e»‘ waiting-V
   be concealed some-
 , near—;_wher,eal:e,.yvsg'.-‘and-he knew. if «,she
 ‘nnxfﬁvhsvejto  it all crew‘:
 folwin endurance»  h‘ers. . *
  3" 7 _,'{,,C':   :' n :1 ..
‘  it-who would,‘

  
      
   
   
    

 
  
 
       

 

. 1,’ ‘pg   \\~._,:f‘(‘.‘ ,   ‘.». g
 closing of the outside door

*  . y?,ére,two;a_I(;in1ie_g&ldan outer one.

‘   ’and;as’in‘-

  

  best‘ so strangely
 I n. ' 7"
 7’3thatmyst'ery. '-

  

;house. It is my business now, to ﬁnd out who is_i

7  ’°.*'°,  ‘.’°°,'“’

‘NEW NICK‘ CARTER WEEKLY. -15

He pulled the door open as soon as he reached it, and
sprang out after her. I ~ ‘

It has already been explained that the residences’ of
Calvert Park stood distances apart, with grounds be-
tween them, and that each was well back from the ave-
nues and streets. .

It was, perhaps, a hundred and ﬁfty feet from the door-

step of the generals house to the sidewalk of the street.
The night was dark; but there was a street light less than
a hundred feet away, and as the detective leaped out upon
the piazza he again saw the ﬁgure of the woman he was
seeking. ' '

She was already upon the street; she was, in fact, in
the very act of vaulting into the saddle of a black horse
that stood there as if awaiting her; and the next instant, .
before the detective could gather himself, the animal
had dashed away with the rider safely upon its back.’

Nor was there a sound of hurrying hoofbeats upon the -
asphalted pavement. The animal might have been a
phantom horse for all the sound that was given out as it
ﬂed away with the Woman of the Mask safely upon its
back. ‘

Nick sprang forward as quickly as he could, after the
horse; but when he reached the street it was already turn-
ing the nearest corner; and when he reached that, the ani-
mal with its rider had disappeared. . :

-The detective stopped still in the street and looked
ahead of him down that street.. , —

There were lights on either side of it, ‘at intervals, so
that he could see a great distance, but nowhere was there
an object in sight——other than the trees and fences and . 
other things that belonged there. . .9 9:3

He could see to the next corner, several hundred feet 
away; _and he knew that no horse in the world could :;'F;:
have reached that and turned it in the length of time’ he  ‘~"
had occupied in ‘coming from the gate to the corner ‘where
he stood, ‘ A ‘I 

: Where, then, had the horse gone? Over the hedge and
across lots? . 
Plainly that was the only way in which it could liaye
e

  

‘.‘It is’ all,_very mysterious," he told himself ruefully.
.“I, would have supposed that once in sight of the  . g
‘of  Mask, I would not permit her to escape; butﬁg ,,
has done so as_,easily as if I had remained in my bed. _' ‘"
the same, she came out of that hbuse; out of the general ‘ -

    
     
  
  

  
 

II "

.‘ He turned onrhis heel and retraced his step‘; and 
he remembered‘ that in closing the door after  ,.
he came out, he had locked hirnsel' f outside the  
-hcliadno'key.W . ‘ ;»  
.3But  doorbell communicated with the hutler's

 
   

      
    
 
     

 

    
  
    
  
   
 
   
    
 
   
   
 
   
    
  
  
    
   
   
   
   
  
    
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
    

. There was a long wait after that, and he had to punch

the button twice more before he heard Simpson approach-
ing; and ‘when at last the butler did peer out through a
mere crack in the doorway, he held a revolver in his
hand.

“It is I, Simpson,” said Nick. “Open the door and let
7 me in.”
g The butler complied, grumbling. He was sleepy and

aoss.

“I went out for a little air,” said Nick. “I forgot that
I had no key. Thank you for admitting me. Hereis
something for you ;” and he pressed a bill into the butler’s
, hand. "By the way, Simpson, who occupies the room
directly back of mine?” _/
“Nobody, sir. It is another guesbchamber.”
“How about the room opposite it ?”
“The same, sir. A guest chamber.” .. ‘
p , “Indeed”! Where do the members of the family sleep?
 ,Where is the general’s room?”
_ I “At the southwest corner, sir.” _

‘ “And where do the young ladies sleep?” /

‘ This was what Nick wished to know, and he chose to

‘I

” Ergadily enough: _ ~' .
, 5" '3" ‘fMiss Acton has the Suite at the southeast corner,-sir,
idivreétly opppsite the general’s. Miss Acosta has the one
 above that. Mr. Henry Hastings is on the top
 He prefers that.”l '
._“'I‘hank you. Good night.”
if went-ngdirectly to his .own room, and there he
looked at his watch. The time was already past two in
I Nevertheless, after waiting a few moments, he reso-
"crossed the hall to the southeast corner suite and
hppfd upon the door; . .
He waited then, and there being no answer, be tapped
"":[*louder than before, but still taking care not to
 others in the house. It was not a proper hour
 to be tapping at the door of a young Iady’s room A
 I  where he was a guest for the first ~tin‘1‘e, but he
 to discover if Isabel Acton was in her bed
_ _.'she.should be. He was ‘éonvinced in his own mind
 Woman of the Mask belonged in thathouse:
" ‘response to his third summons, a voice answered it
9___ __q _ the,dodi'T inquiring who was there and what
fisﬂr. Carter,” he replied. "Will you come down

you a‘ton‘ce.»”_

’-' She  _ I ' '1 I ,

 where the  of descending to the
 _a}fc;w  she opened the doc

ye  has hap-

  

_ that she was n0t—you.

, come at the question gradually; but Simpson answered '

for a  It is important that 1- should A

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

She had the air and the appearance of one suddenly
awakened from sleep. ,

“Will you follow me to the library, Miss Acton?” he
asked her,,without replying to her questions.

“Yes,” she said, and followed lﬂm. There he turned
about and faced her, when he had switched on the lights.

“Miss Acton,” he said, with a certain quality of stern-
ness in his voice, “the Woman of the Mask has been in
this house to-night, She has just gone out of it. I fol-
lowed her outside, but I lost her. .VVhen I followed her, I
was ready to swear that she_was——you. I committed the
indiscretion of waking you, in order to satisfy myself
Now, I want you to do me the
favor to make some excuse for visiting the sleeping-
rooms of the other two ladies of this family. I wish to
know if they are each in their beds. Will you do that,
quietly, or shall Iyrouse the general and have it done any-
how?”

“I will do it.—certainl)7,” she replied. Then she smiled
rather scornfully and added: “I am afraid, Mr. Carter,
that the VVoman of the Mask is getting on your nerves.”

3

CHAPTER VIII.

NlC( CARTER SPRINGS A.SURPRISE.

.—--

/
,'A considerable time‘ elapsed before Isabel Acton re-
_'rned to the library, where the detective was impa-
iifpntly awaiting her. She looked very beautiful, too,
Nick.thought even then, dressed as she ’was in hastily

donned clothing, but with her wonderful hair more or less ,

disordered. But her face was flushed and her eyes were
sparkling——with the» excitement of the adventure, Nick
thought. A . .v

“Well?” he demanded impatiently.

“All seems to be well,” she. replied demurely. “There
is no one missing from the house, Mr. Carter. Will you
tell me‘ what has happened that ydu should venture to
suspect one of us so plainly?”

There was unmistakable sarcasm in her question; there
w s also resentment, and Nick felt that she had a right
to indulge in both; but he told her all/, or nearly all,’ of

1 what had happened and she’ listened gravely. But at the

end she remarked: , L. , .
“Don't you think, Mr. Carter, that youhave perhaps
allowed your imagination to play you false?” I ' '
She did not wait for a reply, but tumedaway at once
and with a nod, hastened ‘up the stairs and disappeared
through the door of her own apartment.  A I
It was .half an hour later before the detective left the
library; lint he presently went to his own room, un-
dressed and went. to bed, where he slept soundly till
morning. i g " l I ‘ ‘
As soon as breakfast 7
others who were gathered around the table by

.1
i

  

\

was finished‘ he astonished the 
. “W A 

‘»

 

    
 
   

 ~ ., -y-7 -._- lg, V"" .

 
 
  
  
  
 
   

‘.‘G‘en,ex-al Hastings, at the risk of offending you, I am
going to withdrdw from this case.”
4 The general raised his eyes in amazement; the ladies
did likewise. None of them knew very much about Nick
1 fr, but all had been told that he was never known to
3,«‘s.ack11owledge himself beaten. -
“It is quite true,” he said, when nobody replied to his
 announcementf “It will perhaps be some time before the
* ‘Woman of the Mask ventures to appear again. I think
that now, having your manuscript in her possession and
knowing how highly you valud it, she will conﬁne her-
 _  to getting that hundred thousand dollars out of you
if that has been demanded for its return. You offered me a
‘hundred thousand to get it back for you, and so I think
you could not do better than to place the money in the’
drawer of your desk and—await results, Anyhow, I
must ask you to excuse me from further connection with
the matter.” ~ , ‘
General Hastings bowed coldly.

 

     
  
   
   
   
     
 
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
    
   
    
 

study I will give you a check for the services already ren-
dered. I am perhaps justified in stating that_ I am sur-
‘prised at your decision.”

A “You owe me nothing,” replied Nick, rising. “With
 wont permission, Iwill leave at once. I bid you all good
J ,Without another word he.tumed and left the room; a

  the house.
., He did‘ not know it, but back there in the house he had
 temper of theold general, which had been re-
 under admirable’ controfvuntil the detective had
,,,was' manifesting itself in truly characteristic fash-
 i ,_and ‘if there had been any doubt in the mind of any
‘  of the nu_xpber_ who listened to that conversation, re-
" ‘ .; its genuineness, he dispelled it. They all knew
 in,l1is tempers, and he was now in one of
-.{vlI .‘.‘V'. ‘_'_;,-:_l _ ’ .‘
But ‘if, also, ftheyghad known Nick Cart 1'‘ better they
(1 not'h§ye/beenl "so  ure that he d withdrawn
 ‘If Chick, o‘r"Pa,tsy, orCTen-Ilchi, or one
inspeétorsof pblice had been there to hear Nick
I resign from“ that -case, "he" or they would have
,  injth__eir, esle_e,ves,.‘l-mowing well that the
1 never took  track onanything ofthe kind.
*2, mkhad not  ingvthg 1ihjx_a‘r’y._'a1one.,’aft‘er Isabel
' i parted with  for nothing‘.  f _ A A
 reaﬁzed after those .\extraordlnary~ experiences
'   he -rnustadopt a diﬁerent courseif he
. eight up due mystery of the Woman of the Mask,
  of Calvert ‘Park were such that
"  ' itwaa, hopeless to, attempt ltoaceom-.
 that ;community. I-Ieknew
V '  commented-
 thg ,oi.

.;_

  

i I

 

NEW NICK CARTER ‘WEEKLY.

‘ “As you like,” he said. “If you will’ follow me to my -

t later he was in the street, hastening rapidly-

‘ stead. ' ' - 
E "' He went directly ‘tohhis own home, arriving there about in

«the job-éwalked outand-made everybody mad ‘at mo,’-'5.

   

7., 11:.

a7

his movements would be passed from one to another, con-
stantly He could imagine the telephones ringing and
Mrs- This saying to Mrs. That: “What is Mr. Carter
doing this morning?” and the reply might be, “He has ,
just taken his second cup of coffee. He is going out
presently to look for tracks in the shrubbery,” etc.

Nick Carter could not stand for that sort of thing at all.

It would be fatal to all his plans. If he worked at all
on this case of the \Voman of the Mask, he must do it in
secret; for already he "was coizoirzced that there was more
of a mystery cormecled with it than had been imagined.

And so he chose to resign from the case altogether.
Actually to resign. It would be‘ nobody’s business if he
should take it up later on his own account.

He knew that the news of his disaﬁection would ﬂy
over the wires from house to house as soon as he was
gone, and that it would not be many minutes before it
was known in every household of the Park that he had V
resigned.

And that was what he wanted done.

He had risen early that morning. He had ‘visited the
stables of the old general. He had taken an unusual in-
terest in the horses, even to the extent of examining their
feet with unusual care. One, watching him, would have
supposed that he thought of purchasing.

Also he had taken a slow stroll around the grounds,
near the hedges, with his eyes ﬁxed upon the ground as
if he were in deep thought; and from that visit to the

‘ stables and from the excursion around the grounds, he

had formed his own conclusions which, for the moment ‘
at least, he preferred to keep to himself.

But the result‘ of that morning's work had been to ren-
der him all the more determined to adopt the course he

, had decided upon before he retired; and so it was that his

announcement was made at the breakfast table, as soon as
all the members of the family were gathered there.

It is not within our province to look back into 

' breakfast-room after he left it. We could only con-
‘jecture what took place there, and that is not worth our

while. ~
VWe might imagine the old general storming about in ' ~ 
anger at the sudden desertion of his colors by the.de- 3
tective, in-whom he had placed so much confidence; we
might imagine that Isabel Acton looked up demurely 
her surprised eyes-—b’ut’we will folio‘ the detective

   
 

 
 

half-past nine; and "he called his first assistant to. him‘!
the moment ‘he was inside the house. ’ /’ _‘ 

“Chick,” he said, “there- is a whole lot more to that 
caseat-, Calvert Park. than I imagined‘ at first.- We are  f It
going back there to-‘night, Chick; you and I toglethez-.".: "

“Yes?”‘repliedtheassistant. e " . ~ I: « . 
« ,‘fIn..thc=meai:time lhave. resiaéd. .~ ;I .'ha_=ve-thrown"   ‘I

  
         
  
 

   
 
 
  

        
 

    
  
   
  
   
    
 
   
  
   
   
    
 
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
  

"‘~w‘ .
K

. , *.“Too much ipublicity, eh F” asked Chick, who under-
’ stood thoroughly his chief’s methods.

' 5 “Decidedly so. When one sneezes, somebody else
"  coughs. They call each other up to tell that it looks like
j rain, or that there is a cloud in the sky. Gee! I wouldn't
live in a community like that if you would present me
. ‘with a mansion and all that goes with it.” i -

“But all the ‘same you mean that you are going back‘ on
' the quiet to work out the case 3”’

nothing about the affair.”

. He began then at the beginning and told his assistant of
V -[everything that had occurred from ‘the moment of his
‘ arrival at the home of General Hastings until he left it
that morning, omitting ‘nothing that we already know.

2 >._ VVhen he had completed the tale, he said:

"Now you know as much about it as I do, Chick, with
g the exception of what I discovered in the stable and
 grounds around the house this morning. VVhat do you
“think of it?” .»

~. 7‘ “I should say,” replied Chick, “that one of those two

‘ f'ig'irls---Isabel or Erlina---is the Woman of the Mask."

if, “Which one ?”
4, A ..‘?Why, it looks like Isabel to me.”

 The detective nodded. ‘ ' ,
;‘.‘It did look like Isabel,” he said. “It does now. It/’
also might be either of the other two just as well." /

; “What possible object could Mrs. Hastings have iri
 business ?” , I \
“What‘object could anybody have in such a business? -
is not an ansiverf“ There is always a motive in the
wtmmmission of a crime; _but the incentive to that motive is

' I  extremely remote.” *

 “WW-” ~ . I
“The motive here is robbery, pure and simple. You,ob—
to the names of thesetpeople, because you say there
not he ,suﬂi<_:ient incentive behind the motive. But
want to tell‘ you right? now that one of those three
 is the Woman of  Mas, .'-’

V ‘Which  your opinion 3"’ fig

 up; but I’m going’ to ﬁnd on‘ i’ A

.  hﬁclrtb thathottse to-night, and every night,
;.hnd keeping it up until the mystery is solved.”
_   you-aregoing inside thehouse 3"”
 to ht the Woman of the Mask yet}- ,
»yo¢«ars=?i=otcat=rar.%'  ,   
t ‘t  nae ‘lit: .1 did that very tithing“
if   But anyhow 1 cm-
"  left. me in the
 , ‘this.

 
     
   

°.£’i:tﬁat". 
’  We

’ “Yes. To—night. But I am forgetting that you know ,

I burglar, the time she called upon him in the night,

_ I ' ffgiving up our case so soon. I have been appointed
mporning.‘il'I ‘ﬁxed . ‘

s€,_‘at. ‘jyo

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

I

“Tell me about your visit to the stable and the grounds
this morning, Nick.”

“Well, there isn’t very much to tell about that. There
are three black horses in the stable, any one of which
might have been the one used by the woman last night.
I couldn’t ﬁnd a traceof a saddle girth upon the coat of
any one of them, but the hostler had already rubbed
them, so that is nothing. Around the grounds near the
hedge there was nowhere a track of a horse's hoof; but ‘
you must not forget that the horse I saw was shod with
something to deaden the sound of his footfalls—some
sort of pads, probably, which would not leave verv intelli-
gible_ tracks.” '

Chick nodded.

“There were several spots near the hedge where a
horse so shod, or with his feet so protected, might have
alighted without leaving any mark. I mean places where
the ground is hard.”

Chick nodded again. ' .

“While I was inside the stablel took occasion to exam- ’ '
inc pretty carefully the feet of the horses. On one of v
them I found_ what appeared to be marks of straps around
the posterns. I called‘ the hostlerls attention to them, and’
he said that he couldn’t make them out at all. -He
thought the horse must rub himself somehow, while

‘standing in the stable. I did: not agree with him, but-I ’

didn't tell him so. My own conviction is that that was
the horse that leaped the hedge last night; that somehow,
which cannot now be explained, the woman who rode
him managedito get him back inside the stable before I
could follow. That then she slipped into the house by
a back way-—-anyhow, ‘Chick, I am going back there to» . .
night, and youxare going with me. I am going to ﬁnd V
out who that woman is.” . 3

“I’m with you all right, Nick. And I have an idea.” ‘

“What is it?” . I ‘

‘flf you are going -to take me with you inside the house,“ ‘L
why not rig me up as the Woman of the Mask? \If I’ 
should happen to encounter the real. one, there might be

something doing.”

1’, ;‘

I
-.:—u-—

CHAPTER IX.
Two women or rm: MASK.

    

I

 
   
  

   

During the afternoon of that day, Nick received a call ;, 
from Cuthbert—-the bachelor millionaire, who had con-i E ‘
fessed to Nick that he was,more interested in the woman ‘
he had_been_in thelmoneyishe stole from him. . i   I

“That ‘was a queer mov\e of yours, Carter,” he said

   
 

   

 
      
  
 

   
    
   
 

     

   
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
    
 
      
   
   
   
      
   
  
   
    
  
      
     
          

i  NEW NICK CARTER WE.EKLY. , 19

 you ever go hunting for partridges or quail, who the VVoman of the Mask is, and you don’t care to
Cuthbert P” he asked. _ announce your discovery 3”” ‘

“Yes. What has that to do with the case?” “N o. I don't know who she is.”

“Well, suppose before you ‘started out to hunt for “Is that absolutely so,’ Carter ?”

er, you should send beaters through the woods, shout- “I never make statements that are not absolutely so,
ing and firing guns, and in every way possible telling the sir.”

"v

’ that you were coming; how many do .you suppose “Excuse me. I didn’t mean it in that way. Don’t you
you/would bag?” T r A ' suspect who she is P”
«Not many, ‘to be Sure. I see what you mean -we “No? It may be that I suspect where she is; but who

aye a set of fools over there. I admit it. But all the She is, I doﬂit KNOW-”
same, I ‘wish you would go back and see the thing “I “’i5h Y0“ “ﬂuid go back with me- The P901319 0V5’
7' there are all at sixes and sevens since you announced

, nay,» said Nick, laughing “No, thank you_ that it was more than likely one of the lot who is guilty.
gésid ’ were is another reason}! ‘ The women are looking askance at one another anti the
, uisfthereg What is it?" . i 1 , young ones will be suspecting their own mothers before

“People over there do not tell me all they know. You 10n8§ and the mothers will be Suspecting their daughjv
not choose to tell" me all that ou i ht have done.” “F5-" '
$111 mm you. an I ;mew_~ y’ rp-g “All right. Let them be their ownidetectives, then.”
I/you did not ten me all you suspected” Cuthbert was compelled to be satisﬁed with that, and
,“W¢.-.11, what of that? What would be the good of cast- he  hi-°t_ deP3m1Te- '
, , ‘suspicions upon ‘some imw___» .'NlCk smiled, well ‘pleased, when he had gone. He
fs{Ram, Cuthbert! That is not an elegant expression wished to clinch the idea that he had totally abandoned
d it is not digniﬁed for me to make use of it; but all ‘he Case’ and he beheved that ”°“’ he had d°“° 5°-

‘ U ,sam I 0”!” M ,. - _ _ That evening he went to the Hotel York and called for V-

”  »A . , , ‘ the manager. Through him he found the clerk and
‘you n be g°°d enough to construe-as the others of the employees who had been on duty at about

- o ’ ' :1 .
bun professor .uSed to W to me at -college’ _ , the time the telegram to the general was sent out from
°u t°ld m.°. that the W°m3n °f the Mask remmded there. It proved to be one of the assistant clerks who
,. bf wmebody’  7°“ 3°31‘; “Qt tell me who it was‘ had rung for a essenger for the woman. 4
V  out later *h“.5h¢ reminded Y3" °f.Isabel Acton’ I But he had very little information to give on the sub-

, _i , , - ject. All that he remembered was the fact that a woman
..'.,”..‘7 5°‘-‘Iv ‘he did “°t= -Carter in i - had appeared suddenly and asked him to direct her to the-
“Of Wh°m» am“ i'w ' telegraph oﬂice of the hotel. He told her that there was
none in the building, but that he would call a messenger

 "he 5t°PPed-r ' for her. She asked him to do so, and that was all he re- ‘-2
‘K30  .  even Ml'S- Hasiingsi 911?” _ membered about it, save that he had given her blanks  
Yes—if the mere suggestion were not so utterly pre- upon which to write her messages, and that he was dimly
’ ' . l ' ' ~ of the opinion that there were two women and a man in

.0‘:

 

 

  _isay_ep-oauwaﬁv an a  V, » the party. a . 
  shouldejji i'_ , Nick thought that this latter information must be at T,
3 ‘ ‘jto  with me ?” he asked. “ fault. But he asked a ‘question or two on the point. 

  ’ _ , a . ’, j . " “What I particularly wish to know,” lie said, “is, if 

-' ' I Say t¢thern"0V§f th¢1'€ ?” \ \ there were "two women, if either of them wore a riding- “Cf

titan,   ,that,tlie next time they see me‘ habi ” « ‘ _ ;
i    ;»h_3V¢ 1110, f“1'fh¢1'., need 05' WY‘ “No,” was the decided answer. “I would have noticedj T
, a'I:h’e_,'W'6rl‘12i.§—?f ﬂ1é“M5Sk Will, be known, t? such. a thing at that hour, I am sure. No;tneither of  T
  ' i  zr fl; ‘ i a '_ T theniworea riding‘-habit.” i I _ z .‘
;Carter.” T . J . ‘‘{Was the woman who asked you for the messenger, ”
‘hip  hat tio,t3.k¢.hi9:1¢;3V'.¢,: but at £119 ‘ " “I don’t_remember that she was.”
31.2 T‘  ., '   _xf.  .‘ W * .4V"‘Can youidescribe her looks? Was she pretty?” ,
T i A "“I,fwoiild like to.a_slt"  _“I think‘,so. I don’t remember. There was nothing,
 . at V A =';.unusual about her. Our-hotel.is in a neighborhood‘
‘j '_\  ._ ‘ ,:‘ ~‘~,_-;whereait_is handy for  torun into it with 
' V  questsl We thinklnothing oftlicng.”

“I: :2

  
  

D

    
     
  

   
 

       

   

“Are you sure that she was notland is not a guest of
the house?” . ,

“Oh, yes, as to that I am positive.” A

And that was all that the detective could discover from
him.

At ten o’clock that night, Nick superintended the prep-
arations for the night’s trip. That is, he helped Chick
about his make-up; and from his own fortunate view of
they-Woman of the Mask obtained in the hallway of Gen-
eral Hastings’ house, he was able to render thedisguise
almost perfect. .

When Chick was fully dressed in the tight-ﬁtting
'woman’s costume; when the blond wig and the black
mask were adjusted, Nick stood a little distance away
and surveyed him with admiration.

,' “You look the. part all right. Chick,” he said. “If I
should discover you now under the same conditions and
. in the same place where I saw the Woman of the Mask
' last night, I should not hav a doubt that you were she.”
‘ They drove to Calvert Park in Nick’s automobile. The
»,detective had already ‘selected a secluded place where he
could leave it in safety he thought. Nick took the wheel
I himself, and be timed irriself so that they arrived soon
after midnight, and they had only a short distance to
 to the house of the general.
 ; “Now, Chick,” he said, before they left the vehicle, “it
lie possible that nothing may come of our expedition to-
;11‘ight. It is more'than likely that we may have to come
here ‘again and again, before our efforts, bear any fruit;
but I am certain of one thing, and that is that Isabel
 business outside of the general’s home in
 night time--business‘ that she prefers to keep» secret.
She may not be the Woman of the Mask, but—---- Come
"onsthere is no use in conjeeturing upon the possibilities
“ the case.” '
ﬁe led the way around through the street at the side
ivy ’_the,house, keeping close to the hedge and so out of
view from windows they passed. ‘
}’?esently' they paused under the hedge at the spot
°Wli€i'e7il¥liek«believ’ed the horse had juinpedover it; and
 they were on the, opposite side of it he pointed
 space in front of them. V i
 only one place where  is’ danger that we
will befseen;” he said. v “I. will cross it first; you follow
A  as swiftly as you can.” I
 minutesjlter they were at the window of the
V ywhich Niclghad ﬁxed so that he could easily'open
  time. and in another moment they -stood inside
Wary together, with the open window safely closed

 
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
    
 
  
 
  
   
   
  
 

.  '.aI,silent?I_Ii'uvi , _ as  save
the-lgaI1._.‘wher¢ the  light. ‘gleamed; beneath its
.. ‘=< 'hIt_1‘I)eetl"80‘m);'_Sté$l,‘iOu‘O3ly

  
 

N 05 ‘Iii; ‘room 

   

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. '.

one as they seated themselves to wait——but wait for what,
they did not know.

“I shall leave you here alone,” whispered the detective
in Chick’s ear. “If anything happens, you must rely
wholly upon your own judgment.” V

The detective passed out upon the hall and thence along
to the stairway where he slowly and silently ascended to
the next ﬂoor; and he had just reached it and turned

aside—he was, in fact, near the door of the room which‘

he had occupied the preceding night, which was standing
open——when he detected a slight noise from toward the
southeast corner of the building.

Instantly he stepped out of possible view into the room
near him; but he remained so that he could peer outside;
and there was light enough‘ through» the windows for
him to see, dimly, what was going on. ‘

And then a surprising thing occurred. The door of
Isabel Acton’s room opened slowly, and a ﬁgure robed
in black stood for a moment upon the threshold.

He could not discover whether she wore a mask or
not. He could not determine even the color of the wig
she wore, if any were worn at all; he was only con-
scious that a shadowy form had appeared there and that
it was standing motionless in the open doorway.

Fully two minutes must have elapsed before the ﬁgure
moved at all; and then the door was closed, so silently

that Nick could not hear a sound from it, and the dark.

ﬁgure glided along the hall toward him and paused for ..

a moment, where he might havetouched her with his
hand had he chosen to reach out and do so.

,1 He thought for a moment that she was about to enter
tgat room; but the next she glided away again toward
t

e stairs and descended them rapidly to the ground floor ’

i‘
K

of the house. ’

Nick was after her instantly, and from the top of the

stairs he could see her asshe passed beneath the hall light

in its red globe. .»
And then, in that ﬂeeting instant he saw thatshe did

wear a mask and that her hair was coal black. In that 

one quick view of her, he thought of Erlina Acosta.

But she vanished [at once, going toward the rear of the 
-hall, and after a moment he felt assured that she had gr

entered either the study of the general, or the library. I
If the latter. then she must already be face to face

with Chick. _
Instantly he followed her, almost running down the

stairs, but still making no sound. ‘ .
He paused there long enough to reach up and snap‘ out

' thehall light ; and then, from the rear of the bui1diiig‘~he7§

saw a stream of light flow out from the room which the
general called his study. .

“That room appears to be the Mecca for the Wohian O
the Mask,” was
toward it.

 ‘~I-Ievheard no sound toiwarn him of what hosvas to see, 
candrhee  that.lthe.woman was in  room alone, "

his thought,‘ as he started slog‘ the ha! _ ..

   
  
  
   
    
     

    
    
    
   
 
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
   
    
   
   
    
    
      
   
    
   
   
       
 
  
    

" andthat Chick was still where he had left him, in the
fiihrary. V.

J A But he reached the doorway and looked in. ‘Then he
irstared with amazement.

E: "facing each other across the gen;ral’s desk, were t\v0
tmaslced ﬁgures——two Women of the .VIask——and one of

a

  

 was holding a pistol steadily aimed at the other's
Qiiiheaiitf -

CHAP’l‘ER X.
i
A SECRET PASSAGEWHY.

‘ The surprising part of this discovery was that neither
or the women was Chick‘ in his disguise. Chick, all un-
P iscious of what was taking place in the general’s study,
’was’still_ quietly seated in the libi-‘ary, awaiting develop-
stnents; andiall the time the developments; were taking
place in the room adjoining. a. V
Neither of these two women in masks was Chick.
The detective realized that almost the instant’ he dis-

 of them was the woman he had fpllowed down

'  might be Erlina Acosta.

Tye gum-.‘__.?  shrugged his shoulders at little

it:  fotllthe two were so exactly alike,

! for one thing, that had it"fiot bé‘en for that one thing

«would, have been impossible to determine which was
 tlie"-[back were turned to them for a moment.

3, due thing-was is the color of the‘ hair--or the
 was it? Hair or wig? _ _

“wbinanwitlr’the.pi_stol wasthe same one who had

  

. who _blaek  woimaniat the oppo-

I C ev_¢n.itextul‘e‘g\;‘E"«‘th'ei7élollV1i1\g she’ wore

  

 redhair,w  * ~

   
 
   

  
  

' ‘ ‘ \ 4

~|si‘.»’

    
  

’ Directly before him, in the brilliantly lighted room,_>

ihtstairwfy  aiieddiiofithe detective" 1, as Nick had discovered them. It seemed as if both were i

of  aiehmigh. qostpmejkexactly 1ike,her .
'~ss£ggiga,i§iaei;.j.nisaeT$é!a¢i§ienageiy‘eon- .

.  '  ifltg‘.wGm€ﬂif,‘ ’  that , ,_
' 2:.  i  M hes;-éltiom fr-ohm »' vance of the newcomer among them.
   Mi-s.'"I-tastings ’
A «: J:.. ' O‘ ‘W i  !:   u _ 
  her

  and tl}en—-thcit sans: thing that had,

 I"é'*¥rt'.’.,tf-.e giecqdins Wight. ham-£3 a:ain~7¢b¢“i “IN! 3

NEW NICK CARTER C WEEKLY.’ 21

had just taken something from it, for in her right hand
she held a large package of banknotes. In front of her,
on the desk, was the general’s manuscript.

It was an interesting tableau, and Nick waited withi
eagerness to discover how it would come to an end.

_ But it appeared as if neither of the participants had
any in ention of bringing it to an immediate close.

iThe:}’remained as Nick discovered them, silently facing
each other; one'with the pistol heldout almost at arm's
length and with the muzzle pointed at the heart of the
other; the other with‘er right hand half—raised above the
desk, gripping in her ﬁngers the package of money which
she had taken from the drawer.

Both were motionless. Each stared\at the other un-
ﬂinchingly. The woman with the bills seemed to be in no
fear of the pistol; the woman of the pistol seemed relent;
less in her attitude. I

Neither uttered a word or moved. They” might have
been graven images'or wax ﬁgures for all the signs of life ‘
that either made. A

And‘ then Nick felt a slight pressure upon his arm
from behind—-Chick's signal that he was at hand, for he *
had approached without making a sound.

Nick pointed silently through the open door toward

,. ’.';é‘

the masked women near the table, and his assistant _ .~

nodded; then Nick reached out and pulled Chick’s head
down near his own until his lips were against Chick's ear,
and he whispered, scarcely breathing the enunciation:

‘I . “Go inside, Chick. Surprise them.”
Chick nodded again. Then, with a grace of motion 3 ‘IL

that"was equal to the part he played, and without making
a sound, he left Nick’s side and glided forward, across
the threshold, into the room where the women still stood

‘afraid to move; asif each knew the other; as if each«
waited for the other to make the first sign of attack.

Sosintent were they upon their occupations of doing» A
' absolutely nothing, so engrossed were they in ‘staring

_into- each oth_er’s_eyes, that neither heard nor saw the ad-‘
3
" It was not until Chick had advanced to tlg desk, so‘;
‘ _,c_;~ould_have touched it also, that they saw him, and_7‘

 discovered hirn~at the same instant.‘  . ‘ e
.,1’he;“sui;5rise' seemed’ to be ‘about equally dasmiljua

' r

 

 

      
 
  
  
     
   
   
  
    
  
   
   
   
 
 
  
  
     
   
  
    
 
     
   
    
   
  
    
   
  
   
  

 

,..__ "":‘ rug". . 1 }_ V; ‘I. ‘, __‘ A :r_ _, .‘ V ,  ,_ - m 
9 ' ' ' ’ «

21» W NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.
I How they went out or why they {vent out as they did, it “VV ell, I’m———" Chick began, but stopped.
’was impossible to tell. M ‘‘So am I,” assented Nick, “whatever it was you were

Neither of the two women had moved at all, apparently; about to say. But I am not sure that it would have

,‘and yet the three electric lights over their heads went out ' sounded appropriate while you are arrayed. in that cos-

, as suddenly as only electric lights can, and left the room ,tume.” I

. in darkness that was all the'deeper by contrast with the “Where did they go, Nick? How did they get out of
i light that had just illumined the scene. Nick knew then this room ?”

M  it was time to act; , “They went out, of course. As to how they did it. we
M ,4’ He knew—or thought he.knew—that there was no way will have to look for an answer to that question. It does
in or out of that room save through the open doorway not appear at the present moment, although it proves that

hefore him, and he was at the mdment standing within there is a secret way in and out of this room. I had
 reach of it. h 7 already suspected it, but now I am sure of it, of course.”
.  ‘His first act was to step quickly forward, and to ﬁll ‘They must have both known about it, Nick."

L‘ _* W the doorway as kompletely as he could, with his own “Certainly.”

body, thus barring any person from leaving the ;oom— “They must both be in the same boat about the Woman

unless,’ indeed; it could be done by assault upon himself. df the Mask b1I1SiYl€S’5-”_

‘ ‘His next/(move was to dive one hand into a pocket in’ “If “’°“1d C/ertainly appear "5 if they “'6'”. ‘*
V , A .’ . “ 7 .- . - I ,7”
Search of his portable light—and to d1SCOVC1’ that for once The", “IV were the) at dagger’ d”‘‘"'
‘I ' ,7
 come away without it. - Y9“ mea“ pmols draw"! I-ad’

“What were‘ they ﬁghting about?"

 Biit instantly he’ remembered that there was a key ,
’ “The money probably. ‘ Both seemed to want it, al-

5lways‘in the lock of the study door. and that it was kept , U _ _ ,

‘W hebutside; so he reached 0ut‘f0r the door“, grasped it’ {lioiigh that was not the impression I received when I tirst
 inside the room and Pulled the door shut after discovered them’ "  J
*‘am't then quickly turned the key in tho lock and with- “What was that imP*°55_i°" -7”

“ cw it _ . v » ’ , “Why, it struck me that the one with the black hair
  he  thatﬂfeeling that he was new master of had discovered the‘ other one in, the act of helping herseff
,.  on, ‘thellights Suddegiy ﬂare {JP again, as they to the money and was trying to prevent it.”

 done  preceding nightﬂooding the room with “That W55 tH¢'W3Y it hit me» t0°- B1“ "°W""“”

 and reveaIing—«not at all what Nick had ex- “Now, I think we must both decide that each of them A

 

 :51 to see. p I wanted it, and therefore neither wished the other to get i
 stood near the desk’ in exécﬂyv the ﬁogition it.’ Did you hear any sound, Chick,/after the lights went
 ass“;-jedhhefofe the ﬁghts went out._.bu¢ that was ‘out? Anything that suggested the moving of -a panel

 

‘[1 V _ \ ~ I ‘ or an article of furniture, or of the opening of the secret
1-hi'.‘°thers.had disappeared‘,  two women were door/through which they must have made their escape ?’.’ i
There was not at-trace of them left, and /theredwas ' ‘ N°t 3' sound’ - — L . _ ‘
«#7.. y   of theirlleavinig the room. ' “S°methi”g must have m°ved'” A

gt’  were g.one_ The); we“ not them ll _ “Something djd move. They moved.” 4
 the piste‘, the womah with the money’ “Our energies must be devoted to ﬁnding out how 
 of the Masks, had disappeared asieﬁectually they escaped {mm this mom; °"; ‘h°' Chick; I am gang  ﬁll’?
it ' " had dropped‘ through the‘ ﬂan, into the cellar '— to leave you to do that. .Open this door and let me out; if
-V  t t; ./T K ,__ N g ‘ = then lock‘ it, after me. While "I am gone, you search for A ‘L
   tilgmmey had  than tin » ghe secret door. When T return I will tap softly three

p I I . ' . ’. ' . ~ '  . ,, —
 , we! of the desk  tﬁe/manuscﬁpe, times for you to admit me. . I
l    wag gﬁn  the desk where, “Tell me what you are going to do while you are p'wa)r,,;.,

4....

' I

 
     
   

   
   
       
  
 

  Placed 'Ni¢  , "2 _ , g
“ .:      "y g  am going to do‘a} Very  thing, but,I shall,

  
    
 

mgtivg” _ A _ 

V Y

- i mt deft. with a9ythi%s.3#.t'a 

._l

   

    
 
   
   
  
     
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
     
       
 
 

_, “what is it?” ' I
g‘ V‘I am going tohvisit several of the rooms in this house
ft _§i‘_1ietly,‘t,o see who is absenti-from their beds. That is all.
‘ ffsam going to play burglar in earnest." '
“Buq_to what purpose?” . -

‘V “There are, or should be, three women in this house-
"hold. The matron of the house is scarcely olderthan, the
# ;l_'‘IQ1er two. Of those three, two should be missing from
their beds at this moment. I am going to ﬁnd out which
o_ are missing. Let me out. You ‘know how to search
secret doors  well as Ivdo, and will be quite as suc-
césiui as I might be. You will have discovered it before
“return.” ' i

_.“fI will try to do so.” _ _

“‘I know now why that telegram to the old general told
 to leave the money in that drawer from which the
3. manuscript was -stolen,” musedethe detective aloud, while.
he hesitated before going from the room._- '

13.". . ,

"[“_"WFor the very "good reason "that the Woman. of the
M,’a:'§k-Vlinowsv of the secret way into and out of this room.
 a  place for her to come after it.” '

~ But,,Nick, do you suppose that there eould  such an
of  without the ekn;owledge- of‘ the owner of ‘the

‘ I

e
1

‘S

  

I doivnatﬁrtte gene;-at knows about it all right.

V‘ probably"had it made-shad it put there himself when

"  built.’_’
*“Do‘n’t_-you  he arniably supposes that he is the

'  ~-knowl  the’. secret
 i‘*ﬁW f  tn-*vi~e*rs*ith°viv=Wr
 ._ . __s..  ., r.

   
  

I /

 
 

    

  
  

      

  ~‘y°t'f‘tt!=¢5."¥=‘?f‘?“."?§?‘ ve*:'4°n’* *°*‘-i
risateremstherswomlm 0*; 

     

-4
..r,,,
H

   

 

NEW: NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

‘he deemed important——arid for which he had. come there

i  have anyfdoubt about creating an almost ;

,a's'ajglio'st.‘  so it was that he appeared to be 

    

 

23

" A moment later Chick was alone in the general’s study,
searching for the secret passage, and Nick Carter was
swiftly ascending the stairs, determined to ﬁnd which
of the women who lived in that house were missing from
their rooms.

CHAPTER XI. “‘
A MYSTERY OF THREE VVOMCEN.

The detective had not forgotten that the Woman of
the Mask whom he had seeniand followed down the stairs
had appeared to issue from the suite of rooms that he
knew were occupied by Isabel‘Acton. It was, therefore,
to be presumed that Miss Acton was not in her room.
Nevertheless, Nick determined to leave nothing to guess- s‘.
work, but to make his investigation in a thorough man-
ner throughout.

 

But before entering the room he had recourse to one
more precaution which he deemed necessary and which

thoroughly prepared.
He crossed the hall to the room he had occupied the
preceding night, passed inside and closed the door after

 
  
  
 

him. ,
Then, without turning on a light, had made some rapid
alterations in his appearance, so that when he stepped
forth again he was as thoroughly disguised as if he 
taken an hour inits preparation. ’ M ii
He now looked the part of the genuine burglar of the
“jimmy and dark-lantern” sort; that is, as they are 
larly supposed to appear.‘ ‘ " ‘ 
.. iHe had slapped an iron-"gray, close—cropped'wig 6i*r‘h'is‘A . L
head; he had donned a false beard, which purposely".
showed that it was false; he "had pulled down tirett-irn‘ 
ortris hat so that it shaded his eyes; he had ‘turned 7.
up the collar of his coat after‘ reversing that garment; -

i

and he had tied a string around each of his trousers legs.‘ '

 
    
  

  
      
    
      
   
 
  

   
    



disguise in that manner, try it. You will ﬁnd ttrsr-is

tmrosssz “ s s  , ~= s 
"He had come to-the house with rubber snealéea-s.ont!I'e’

so1esof’lii_s‘sho,es, so hecould glide about as 

   
 

    

   
  

   
    

 ‘-:1ra‘aow»wiren“ u’e'mued“ rthehaa‘

   

    
   

 ' I

   
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
     
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   

still in the door.

I But he had his burglar’s forceps with him, and to seize
7  key with them and turn it was but the work of a
moment.

Then he passed inside. .

He found himself in what was the parlor or sitting-
room of the “_-sﬁite; beyond that, in the adjoining room,
there was a dim light burning.

Nick could see that it was the bedroom, and he ad-
 yanced to the doorway and stood upon the threshold
while, he surveyed the apartment.

A He was loath to intrude further upon the sanctity of
A that room, particularly as he saw at a glance that the
1 ’ was octupied. K

g  He had so confidently expected to discover that Isabel
 was absent, that this amazed him anew; and as if to make
 assurance doubly sure’ that it was Isabel in person, she

the glimmer of the night-lamp shone upon them.
' Thereiwas no doubt that it was Isabel.

Nick turned away upon the instant ‘he made the dis—
eiiwery.‘ He did not care to have her open her eyes and
 discover him i g
In a moment he was back again in the hallway, with
_  once more loclied against intrusion; but there he
.  for a moment. i ' A
 must suppose now,” he thought to himself, “that
 'woman I saw first was Erlina Acosta--as I supposed

her" to be_when I saw her pass under the light at the bot-
?‘ , wof  stairway. Evidently she had entered this room
;  manner that I did it-i—'by using a pair of

h_'glar’s foi'ceps~—and she came out and locked the door
furihergias I have done, just at the moment that I dis-
 her. That is about the size of that.”

7 He remembered that the suite occupied by Erlina was
 _direi;tly_above Isabel's rooms, and he hastened
leg; 3 , stairs which led to the floor above, mounted them,
presently found’the'door hehsoughtf , A _ T.
 ere the way was not barred against him. ‘The door
 andhe smiled  when ‘he made the
 ,It would 

 ..§d°'  5.=v=:;i°r the fumish*!'«2I5»;s“*¢...r99**!=
‘ it ‘ the  as in..lsabel’s,:'toorns, anight,

X

H;-, more remarkable, the key was on the inside of the lock,

was lying so that he could plainly see her‘ features where ,

that his conjecturespwere cor- _, ,
p , T , K pl‘ Again he discovered that the doc; into the hall was not
hejonndlthe suite to_be.on.the same plan_A=as- _

NEW,’ NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

' ‘But that was not what made him start so with surprise
when he stood upon the threshold.

The bed was occupied; and as in the other case, it was
plainly occupied by the person who belonged there.

Here, also, as before, it seemed as if-the occupant of
the bed had composed herself to sleep after purposely as.-
suming a position from which her features could be quite
plainly seen in the glimmer of the night lamp.

It was Erlina; there was no doubt of that.

Her-beautiful, mobile face, with its olive-tinted skin,
was turned half-towardlhim. The blu’e—black hair was
clustered in a mass about her head and over the pillow,
appearing all the blacker by contrast,

But now Nick was not in such haste to leave as he had
been in that room below. Now he determined to make
sure that the woman on the bed was a real woman and
not a wax ﬁgure or a dummy of some kind that had been

ﬁxed up for the occasion.

Accordingly he stepped softly across the room, nor
stopped /until he stood close beside the bed and bent over
the sleeping young woman.

But ;he knew to a certainty then.

He ‘could distinguish her soft breathing. He could
dimly see‘ the rise and fall of the covers as she inhale/d
and exhaled her breaths.

She'was sle'eping calmly, peacefully, innocently.

Nick turned away almost ashamed of himself that 'he
had looked upon the sanctity of that room; but theri he
recalled to (mind the praiseworthy purpose of his visit,
and he found sufficient excuse for his -action in that.

But when he was again in the hallway 'he paused.

_ “I wonder,” he was thinking, “if I am reduced to the
beliqfithat one of the servants of the house is the Worrian
of the Mask, after all? But no; that catmot be true.‘
Anyhow, there were two women, down-stairs. There
must, then, be two burglars‘ who work together; who
rnake-up so exactly alike that it is diﬁicult to tell one;

from the other. One of them ‘comes from this house and '

the other from the .outside. But now, for the one inside
the house, I, have only the mistress of the house left.”

He knew where to—ﬁnd the apartments occupied by the '
wife of the general, and~now he sought them. .

locked; again he experienced no dilﬁculty, in entering

where hg to enter ;’ and again when he approached 

the I vleepingﬁ-oo’rn of Mrs. Hasptings he saw that she was .

  

\

not  from her'accustomed.plaoe:., _.M . ._ ,’ 

/

\

 

 
 

a.

     

'\.

  
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
     
   
   
   
    
   
    
   
   
  
  
   
     
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
  

A

She’ was thereplainly enough. He saw her and recog-
nized h_er—-and he withdrew instantly, passing out again
ﬁpon thehalland silently making his‘ way‘ down the stairs,
_ the most" thoroughly puzzled‘ detective you could imagine.
A ‘' When -he reached the ground floor of the ’mansion,'he
"entered the library and threw himself upon one oi the
chairs there,‘ for he was notready yet to seek Chick.
But he had scarcely assumed the seat when he bounded
. to his feet again and started for the stairs a secimd time.
“It all resolves itself back again to Isabel Acton,” he
muttered, for he was beginning to feel resentmentiover
tr the  condition of affairs. “Anyhow, I am going
 to have another look in upon her. If she was expecting
me the first time and was prepared for my coming, it will
not be so this time. She will supposethat I am con-
;  The door waswapparently in the same i:ondition as he‘
;_ left it; the key was still in the lock, inside therdoor; but
 when he sought to turn it with the burg1ar’s forceps, it
-1 iefused to_ turn.
Wopderingly he tried: the door. It opened at _his touch.
>6  he stepped softly inside and closed“ it after him.
* ‘The rodms appeared the same’; the light still burned
‘' "dimly in theroom beyondgarid he stepped to the thresh-
_ or the door between the rooms. _ ,
The bed was vacant!
»‘‘So,” he mused’. “Isabel was playing possum, was
?” \
 «Ahnrried glance‘ around the room assured him that she
‘not there; that she wastnot merely hiding from him.
 him that she had gone out; probablyhad arisen
   dcpartedon the occasion of his first visit.
Thee was an electric switch beside the door where. he
, and now he turned it on, thus ﬁboding the room
will know something, about LMi,'ss“Isabel before I
 rpgiiglhe  -iii she returns before‘ 1
...=.   hef¢.*\_Vqll and good.‘ We mayias
‘ ‘ve’it"out now ass: ti‘n;e"in the future.” ‘ ‘
man .lmowsL"how tdrnake althorough search ofa
Sféttidesiifthat roontbetter is in less time than
 ill. the. fopﬂt turned full on, it was
had gone [through wardrobes and
‘ o“eaﬁ<ay v°:;1=isTeﬁsfa¢ti9n= rm

¥“°‘.

 

      
 
 
 

NEW NICK CARTER ' WEEKLY. Q

be {mag  *

 a

25

There were no disguises there; there was no wearing-
apparel for the Womam of'the .\lask. There were no
masks; no wigs; no impeclimenta of any kind such as she
would have used in representing the character of that
mysterious burglar. -

Wihen Nick had satisﬁed himself thoroughly as to these
points, he coolly seated himself in a chair just inside the
door from the hall, and having turned off the lights so
that the _rooms appeared the same as when he entered ‘
them, he determined to await Isabel’s return.

As he placed himself he was entirely in shadow. 
huge black walnut cabinet rose almost to the ceiling be-
side him, and he half-leaned against it while he awaited
thereturn of Isabel. ‘

But while he waited. he suddenly was conscious‘ that
the cabinet was mo'ving——or had he doud and slipped
along the side of it? , it

No; it moved; and he almost held his breath while he
drew back as closely against the wall as he could, and
waited. ‘ , T 2

The cabinet—-the opposite side of it from Nick-swung
put slowly into the room. There was not‘ a sound from
it, and Nick made none. He preferred to await develop-
ments. \ A A

They came swiftly enough.

When the cabinet had opened quite wide enough from
the wall to admit of: the passage of an ordinary person, it
began to swing shut again, and after a moment it dis-2
closer’ the ﬁgure of the Woman of the Mask, standing.
quite still a few‘feet away from Nick. ' 

She ‘was standing with ‘her back toward the detective;
standing in the ’attitude of one who is listening intently.’
The’ light in the room was very dim; almost nothing at" -
all, it will be remembered, for since Nick turned oﬁ the
electric switch there was only the night-lamp in the sleep-
ing-room adjoining. A X .

But’ he‘ could see the. outlines hf her ﬁgure plainly

‘enough, and without ‘awaiting the opportunity to study

her closely, he stepped

quickly forward and seized her
by the arm. ~

He had seized, as he supposed, a woman who possess:
only a woman’s strength. what was his amazernent,..j‘
therefore, when she easily wrenched herself free from 
 leapechaway from him. ' A A

But he followed her with a quick bound,'and this time in. ,  _
seized   grip that would not relent; aiilti j 

   
   

 

 

  

 

 

   
 

 26 ' 1
Then he let go again, for the face that was half-grin-
ning into his was the face oi Chick.

I What might have been said between them at that mo-
I merit, if there had been no interruption, we will never
know. When Nick would have spoken, he discovered that
the walnut cabinet was swinging into the room again;
and instantly he resolved what to do. A
L There was no time to utter a word, but with a quick

' push he sent Chick reeling to the center of the room,
while he huddled his own person behind the cabinet, in
-the corner, where he had first concealed himself.‘ V
V And as he did so, Isabel Acton stepped from behind
I -the-cabinet into the room.

' CHAPTER XII.
. ‘me woMA'N WITHOUT -rm: MASK.

d. _.__.I_t was the second time that two Women of the Mask
'  confronted each other thatnight, although this time
J it was not the same two. At least, one of them was dif-
I _fe(ru_1t_, for one of these was the third one who had in-
 upon the other two. I '
 enteredthe room last was unmistakably Isabel
.  ‘for she wore no mask, although she carried that
J”  article in her hand; but she dropped it to the ﬂoor
 "~‘   she discovered that she'was not alone, and
if  a_ _ that was astounding she raised the
 -ceniéwhend to the level of her shoulder and pointed a_ re-
a_t__Chick—,—Chifck. whom sheievidently believed to

 woman. ‘ 4, d M . ’

_, utChickwasasquickasshewas.' _
‘ Wltenthe revolver was raised so that it_ pointediatl him.
 forward and seized it. Thenext instant he
4: _ hiiilréllched it from her grasp-and at that instant Nick
I  reached up over his head and turned 011° the elec.

   
    
  
  
    
  
  
  
   
    
   
   
   
  
 

5* g‘-. wastthere. - »

 flnsba ‘must have heard the digit of the switch; she
 hdve hnown that still élnothl‘-1' person was in the
 with thennbut she made no sign that she did‘ know.
 she retaiuediher attitude before chic»; appar-
 the sudden appearance of the light or
p ’ her weapon had‘heen'snatched frorh her.-
fﬁiiho *_\1'¢.,}'°l1?'she_deinanded o‘f..Chick. _ . ‘
'   11- of the Mask,"-zre-
  aldluekle.  lsnoineetyl to ask

    
 
 
 
    

/ NEW’ NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

“You are a man!" she exclaimed.

“I have that distinguished honor," replied Chick; and
he bowed.

Isabel shrugged her shoulders.

“Your disguise is perfect,” she‘ said, and one might
have thought that she was paying an idle compliment.

“Yes. I supposed it was.”

“Are you Nick Carter?” she demanded.

“No.”

“Who are you, then?”

“The Woman of the Mask.”

'‘Don’t be silly.
is Nick Carter?”
“He is, at the present moment, standing directly behind
you.” _ ' .
Like lightning she wheeled; but Nick caught her as she
turned, and he held her at arm’s length, looking into her
beautiful face sternly.

You are not even a woman. Where

.—.

“/Did you suppose, Miss Acton,” he asked slowly, “that
I really intended to abandon this case, as I said I would
do? Did you suppose that I could leave a mystery like
tliis one unsolved. once it was presented to me? Hardly
pthht. When I followed you out of the house last night
and saw you leap upon the horse and escape; when after-
ward I determined that you had jumped the hedge with
him and so had managed to return to the lrouse before I
did; when——”

He paused, for he discovered that she was laughing.
. “I did none otthoee things Iastvnight, Mr. Carter,” she
said. (Nick had pulled oi? the wig and whiskers he had
worn and had otherwise restored himself to his natural
appearant-.e_.) _ “I am a Woman of the Mask, yes; but asI
told you before once upon a time. I am not the Woman

of thefMask.‘ It seems ‘very strange that after all I have A 
I told you gbout the probability of suspicion being turned

against me, you should find me ‘with the goods,’ as you

might express it. But I will tell you exactly how that _
happened, whether you chooseito believe or not. I uav¢.,;‘
known for a long ‘time that the Woman of ‘the Mask be- 
longs in this house, and also a long time ago I deter— TI’

mined to discover her identity, if I could. last night,

I assure you, I was not out of my bed ‘until you called me 
from it. To-night I was-'sleeping'quietly when I awoke .

suddenly with a start, convinced that some person ‘had
entered «my  I sprangfrorn my bed and turned on

. __  llghts:".;i9!‘here'r1wass?._no onefhere. Itinstantly oe— 
' d turret! 6o’ine't'hat .th’e,"(;v,on1‘e.ii*-ziustglnr zwas  I

     
      

   
   
 
  
  
 
 
    
  
    
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
    
 
  
  
  
    
  

 that she was in the house. I have, as you see, a

drsguise exactly like hers—-that is, it is like hers has

 been described to me often enough, I had it made some‘
time ago, believing that ‘one night I would be able to

_ I confront her. You must know why; if you do not know

I now, you. will }<now presently.”

“G0 on,” said the detective.

~“I believed that she was in the house. I believed that
 she were here I could ﬁnd her. I think I "know who
she is, but I, wished to be very sure, indeed, before I of-
;” ,fered to betrayher to others. I believed that I could save
 Well, I got into-this dress as quickly as I could, I
  this mask”—she stooped and raised it from the
ﬂoor-—“and hurried out at the door. There is a se bet
entrance to the general’s study,’ and I have reason to
believe that ‘it is known to the woman. , I believed that
the study would be the most likely place to find her if
. she was about the lower floor of the house. VDo you
‘  me Ir": , I
_  so. ‘Go on, please.”

“lhfhen I entered the study I found that she had in-
deed been there, for; the seciet entrance was standing
Wide open. ‘It leads out upon the grounds, butzafter I
 I  see nothing other, and‘so I passed
V ' the corner of the houseto another secret en-,
-t;anee”—-‘she pointed toward the cabin_et—“that one, and
oﬁhedvit intending to return directly_here‘to this room.
 an impulse seized me to have one more look into
 Ystnzdy, an ' I hastened back again. There was noth-
ltheie,  I re‘turned,andA came here. Came here,gto
_ ,you'twd. Now, will you _be good enough to tell

 

*7 .1

whatflitA'all.means?”

 Acton, haven't you  out  these rooms
  .;Bffore the time youihave just _ de-
A -- ?" asked Nick sternly. 5 - .

e»m!-4é°°'» -'-cw‘   .

" p_ who e't;tei_'ed,your room an hour ago. I came
tv'se€‘i.fic>}i  ‘e‘hsr*=.-i’.  . r 5 ‘ ,
 she  ‘say notnore: She, was visibly /shocked

3. I

   

‘  {def now,“.._if ‘you expectmeg to believe,
_. i you beIie1Ie‘.to, be

‘ ; . ‘of. 3:3; Ma:sk_?‘. ,€.Wh9...i”$.;39° are mjins to
.;;n  Téything/_:;ow. , I owe it

  
   
      
 
 
   
 

   
 

NEVV NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

I   own»

27

“But I went to her room, also, and I found her sleep-
ing, as I found you.”

“Then she'fooled you as you supposed I had fooled

you.”

“And down below, earlier, I saw two women——I do not
refer to Chick's disguise now-—two -Women of the Mask.
One of them had a package of money in her hand; the
other held a pistol. The pistol was pointed at the one
who held the money: and then the lights went out, and
they disappeared—through that secret entrance to the
study. Chick, did you ﬁnd that entrance, all right?

But I know you did.”

“Yes. I found it. And I found this other one, when

7 Miss Acton left the way open for me. Isaw her go away

and leave it, after she had opened it, and I thought I
would come inside and wait for her. You know the
rest of that.”

Nick turned again toward Isabel.

“This house seems to be .a honeycomb of secret pass-
ages and entrances,” he said. “Are there others than
these two that I know about?”

“Yes,” she replied.‘ “Secret passages, secret ‘en-
trances and exits, secret panels, and secret hiding-places
are my guardian’s hobby. When he built this house, he
had them constructed all over it.
posed that I was his only conﬁdant concerning them-
until I discovered that’ some of them were known to
the VVoman of the Mask. There was an old character-
a priest or aifriar of the Middle Ages, who was re-
nowned for building secret hiding-places, and the general;
has studied everything there is to ﬁnd about him. VVhen
he erected thisgliouse/bx ﬁlled it with concealed ‘closets, .
,hiding—places, doors,,panels, and stairways.”

I have always sup-

3!

“_Is there a secret passage which communicates with , 
iss Acosta’s rooms?” ‘ , 
“Yes'; there is at least: one, sometimes more, to every 
roodl in the house; that is, ‘to’ every suite of rooms.”i I 

“Corne,‘then,” said Nick, with determination. “I will ,‘
ask you to conduct us to Miss Acosta’s rooms. You may  
enter in advance of us and prepare her for our eoxn— 5 

ping; but I am determined to have_an end to this mysteity 
to-night. Willryou come with us now, and show us the e

  
  

.way,?”' .. - e I; . _ _»
,,She ‘hesitated I y an instant; then. with a deep sigh,‘

she  ,\; ,,
“Yes. ’Corne.” _,

    

     
   
  
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
   

28

to the door and threw it open——but the instant he did so
i he paused and drew back quickly, for directly ahead of
' them, gliding swiftly around the balustrade toward the
 second ‘flight’ of stairs, was the Woman of the Mask;

. not the one with the black hair who had held the pistol
pointed toward the other who had the money, but she
of the red hair and the package of money.

Instantly Nick darted after her, leaving his companions
to follow as they could or might; and it was not until
he was at the bottom of the stairs and the‘ ﬁgure he was
pursuing had reached the top of them, that Nick was
discovered.

But then the noise of the pursuit was heard, and the
“'2 masked ﬁgure turned for an instant; the next, she had
 ‘ leaped over the last stair and had turned toward the

, front of the house swiftly.

But Nick was well started now-and, more than that,
.l .an accident assisted him in a manner he had not ex—
pected. The ﬂeeingﬁgure tripped upon the folds of the
A’ black skirt and fell to the floor an then, before the
 could arise, the detective was there.

i.  His very first act was to seize the mask and to tear
ilt from the face of the person he had seized, who now,
  strength, had struggled to an upright posi-
:; tron, and was putting" up a desperate ﬁght; and at the
‘ samejnstant Isabel, who was following, turned’ on the
.' ‘p  . . i 
7.,  already the struggle was over with; already the
captured mask "had handcuffs for decorations ;. and it did
 sharp cry which Isabel gave to reveal the
 the captive. ‘

 Hastings, the general’s__aon; Henry Hastings,
 of ﬁgure, feminine in 'nianth2ri_sms, agile of move—
 in ablack, close-ﬁtting"  costume,
p a red wig isvenng liis.shént,'l.Jlltc1t‘ hair. The
A Stety was. solved and the Wornanlof the Mask was
it for us to exp  as brieﬂytas possible,
'ren1ai'ning'rnys_teriespeonneeted with this rather
’ A  Has_ting7s_?was' A _gambler';'ande

  
  
   
  

' ,  other tl':in"gs-‘:'of:.< wh:lch,_his father as not 
 result w”as, that  the  was past

     

     

   

   

 
 

, ﬂélmask, being torn aside, revealed the face of i

- of -his son, and succeeded in hushing the matter am)

1

2   (540) will contain "The 
’heg€“Wnﬁanfs. 

NEW NICK CARTER ‘WEEKLY.

ricals often, and frequently played feminine roles. This
suggested to him the idea of the Woman of the Mask.
Bad as he was, Erlina Acosta loved him. When she
discovered that he was a thief, sheloved him, none the
less, and she, to save him, had adopted the same sort of
disguise to follow him about and to prevent him, when-
ever she could accomplish it, from committing the crimes
‘he had planned; and Isabel, having‘once discovered the
disguise of the Woan of the Mask in Er1ina’s rooms in
her absence, had determined that it was the latter who
was the criminal, and so she had resorted to the same
course to save Erlina; and so it was that the complica-
tions came about which so greatly puzzled the detective.

Two more things to, explain, and we have finished.

When Isabel was starting on her ride that morning
after the robbery of the manuscript, she saw Erlina leave
the house secretly, ‘and she followed her; followed her
directly to the Hotel York, where she lost her, and was

.obliged to return, having accomplished nothing. But

when” all the stories were told, it came out that Erlina
had”followed Henry from the ‘house, having heard him
say that he was going to New York early in the morn-
ing; and it was Henry, disguised as a woman, who sent
the‘-‘two telegrams from the hotel-—with the result that
we already. know.

As for the turning of? and on of the lights, -there
were concealed switches as well as passages about the.

house. One of these could be worked from beneath the

a’

desk in the study.' There was another in" the passageway ‘' i

that led outside; and this was nothing more than an ele- .

vator arrangement which worked by a spring and which

lowered the section‘ of the ﬂoor on which the desk-chair ;, =1

\

stood.

‘ As for the black horse, with its ‘rubber-shod feet,‘that
was another arrangement of Henry Hastings, and by‘

leaping the hedge and disposing of the horse, he had T

only to makehis way to his own room by the secret?-7

passage from the ‘outs'ide..'and he was safe.
i Itls worthy of record that the old general paid all the,
losses that had been sustained through the wrongdoings"

his friends. The son was sent away across the water. 

THE END.

 Sims:-s

~¢,._ ‘,

   

/M

:3.

 

..

  

nil‘;

      
    
  
  
    
    

    
  
    
   
 
 
  
    
    
     
    
  
    
    
    
   
 

lhe Nick Carter Weekly

b No other detective " library contains stories that are half so inter-
~ Nick Carter has been all over the world and has had experi-
with all kinds of criminals. T

That's why, boys, his adventures holds one’s interest from cover

uses his wits. Do not fail to get t_:he latest number from your

e’4‘..’d

PRICE FIVE cams PER copv

’'  by vellnewedealere, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

.1

  HERE ARE THE_LATEST 'rm.£s:

' Thelast of ‘the Outlaws; or, How Nicli Carter 526—A Double Mystery; or, Nick Carter's Strong-hand
 l Stopped the “Cannon-bell." Play.

~'-3-Nick Carter’s Twin Mystery; 0:, Theesecret of the 527-Clarice, the Countess; or, Nick Carter's Motor-
—‘l-Qteen Automobile. L ' V V boat Chase.

* A,Battle of Wits; or. Nick Carter’s Fight for Life. 528-—CIarice, the Woman Detective; or, Nick Carter’:

‘ A Garpeﬂofe Five Millions; or, Nick Carter's.Fight . Titled Assistant.

Unlmolwn; hr,‘ Nick Carter-'.s Blindfold‘ 1.-;,.s¢.c1,s, BM; V‘
 W of _{Nick cut" FR“ ‘ 533—Facing an Unseen Terror; or, Nick Carter's Day
,6. .. »_ : , - .» _g _ _ of Blunders.

Mygeety; ‘qr, Nick Camfe’ Blood.-v 535-~'I\'he Making of‘: ‘King; 01', Nick Carter Faces Hi;
i ‘ L at ' l ‘ ' " = V ’ » Greatest Mystery. f i

v

.55.-., _. e mderfui Adventure.

 

   

gle With the Vitic King.

 
 

»-  ~ V V  night Caller. ~ . L
, -Nick‘ C1rtet_"sC'I_'el1ing 539-The Womnnbof the Mask: or, Nick Carter’: Quid-
3.  " G .  V. " 1. ’ ' '  MYIYCYY. > ‘ V ‘ ‘ i i

   

 

   

‘ 5
.r,:i ?-'

  3 Swine

  

 

A : uao EVERY SATURDAY. HANDSOMEST COLORED 0OVERS 

‘With a Fiend. 529-The Index of Seven Stars; or. Nick Carter Finds '

’ _ en the Poisoner; ‘or, Nick Carte:-‘s Strangest the Hidden City. ‘ . . 3.
‘ Flxperienee. L 53o——An Amazonian Queen; or, Nick Carter Becomes a 
The [Plot of the Poisoner; or, Nick Carter’s Hair- Gladiator. ‘ “

breadth Escape. 531-—A Blackmailer’s Paradise; or, Nick Carter Dis-
;Mec_hanical Giant; or, Ten-Ichi Plays 3 Lone ‘ covers the Hidden Hand. e . ‘
R‘md~ ~ ’ 532——Gipsy Madge. the Blackmailer; or, Nick Carter’:

"Marley's -Gi1o§9::4’°‘.‘; Niel? ’Cart_¢r'siI..)Ies- s34"T‘dI>’8h- lthc"'Wom‘an of Mystery: or. Nick Carter’:  ’

 . .. V " gel-'_ ,_;:;q'r,§-I  536-—The Empire of a Goddess; or, Nick Carter's’ Won. ~- E1‘
‘At-m ‘bile ,\  "5b3\7,--Zan_ebayah. the Terrible: or,’ Nick Carter, st;-{:3}. E = 
the or, ‘l§l'ick»(hrter'e'Cot|-V._  Severbheaded Monsterzor, Nick Carter’: 

   

l   cs? “.»1~b.[  mm’- or.,Nie!l‘: 

    

~\‘ . V». I.-;;‘.‘, ~_“.. Z,

. ” . /T’ --’

 ‘ TSBUED EVERY THURSDAY. ‘ BEAUTIFUL‘ OOLORED COVERS

 
 

  
  
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
     
     

, Diamond Dick and his son, Bertie, are true men‘ of the Westerrf
plains. They are noble—hearted fellows who don’t impose-on the weaker
man and who don't let anyone else do it if. they can help it. ' N ,
 .You ought to read how. they clean up a mining camp of the dis-
honest gamblers and otheiatoughs who usually prey on the uneducated ~
‘miners; _y ' S
' PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

/I-‘or sale by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any_ address upon receipt of price in money or postaije stamps

E Jr
, .  J

» HERE ARE ‘rm-: LATEST 1"m.r-:s:

'5t7«;fDiamond Dick’s Ghostly Round-up; or, The Phan- ‘534——Diamof\d Dick’s Night Ride; or, The Worth of a 

. er tom Steer of K-Bar-6. ' Thoroiighbred Pard. *
51,8»--Diamond Dick's Big Drive; or, Holding Them 535-—Diamond Dick on an Indian Trail; or, The Venge- L
 Down in a Blizzard. A   ance of a Navaho.

19-—Diamond Dick's Trail of Vengeance; or, Tracked '536-—Diamond Dick in Arizona; ‘or; The Foolhardy 
 ‘ to the Rio Grande. ‘ . Sport of Grand Canon. i
5530-:-.~Diamond Dick Holds the, Port; or, Hot Work 537g——Diamond Dick Over the Rio Grande; or, A Hunt er?

. Along the Big River. . i, for a Girl Through Mexico. 3
Dihmond Dick’s Steel Glove; or, The Smiling Man 5 38-—Diamond Dick’s Shower of Gold; or, The Princess 
 _FI'0m Santa .Fé.  . yf ' ; of the Monteznmas. - Y 
i$33_“.."Di3m0nd’DiCl<'S N0-name Mystery: or, The Smi- 539-——Diamond Dick Below the Line; or, An American 
 ~ 7 I ling Man’s‘Bacl Mistake. r ’ Against Big Odds. n 

    
 
 

T36,-Diigmond Dick’s Midnight Stampedep or, The 54o——-Diamond Dick on Shipboard; or, Blocking a Slick‘
_  ' Horse—thieves of the Cimarron. I . Game. 
I-gliliarnond Dick's Forlorn Hope; or, The Siege of 54r——Diamond Dick's Wide Loop; or, Roping Five at 
M, 1 Adobe Castle.  ‘ 7 , One Throw. I , ' : "
§;5-y-Diamond Dick's Night ‘Watch; or, The Pretty Girl 542--Diamond Dick's Royal Foe; or, The Strange Pas-V
I j I '0! Falling Rock. ; I _ . sagegof the Sarita Cruz.  _
.535.-.'~Diamond,;.—Dl¢k'S Tb?“ T0 03¢}; .01‘. Backed By 54‘3——Diamond Dick’s College SCrap;‘ or, A Battle Fe ’ 

 . ,Ut1cIéSam. ’ e r ' _ His Alma Mater. I .
Diamond Dick-"s Golden ‘Quest; or, The Secret of 544—Diamond Dick in the Deep Snows; or, A Close
\ ‘Snake River. T V  — Call on the Yukon. _ . up 
338m,-Diamond Dick’s I,.ong "Leap; or, Single—h.anded 545——Diamond Dick's Merciless Trail ;, or, The'Two Ras _
.f H y\AD&Agai(!l1st6t- ﬁiantii ‘ H  ._ V ‘V 6_D Icals §fDVV‘l:iteSHorseI:.I Th F. T - ?
539-o-f_  _' men it: '5 eiress is mat; :or,' A Dash 54 iamon ic ’s tee eart; or. e ire rai
é - .Through the~Bi‘g Divide.‘ - I I ,V ' of the Sierras. ’ y ,
 Dick at the Throttle; pr, The Ghostly _ 547-Diamond Dick’s Inferno; or. The Madman of tilﬂx,
,, ‘ Headlight of Hoodoo Pass. ' ‘ ’ Great Black Tunnel _ 
4 1»-—-Diamonds, Dick’: Hobo Trail; or, The Man with 548--»Diamo_nd Dick's Bad Sniash ;. 0!. The New Opera
the Long Blue ’. ‘ ,~r , - ‘- ‘ 3 V r ‘ . tor atsYuba P855. ‘ V 7 ‘ M
 Dick's Black Sign; or, A Strange Battle S49-—Dla.$;)I';Cl Diél]<’skDI§adly Snowball; or, Toothand '
"f"with.7a DeadlMa‘n.  T . ' “  . ‘ ~- i on ac utte. . ”
T V .d'Dick’r I cry Rebuke; or. Giving a Les- . 550-——DiaIrnontl gick, Editor; or,‘A Rattling Surprise‘!

R Man.’?.i x — arm 013- l -  1 

   
  
   

    
  
  
   
  

   
  

  
  
     
     
  

   
 

    
    

ii

  
       
    

    
  

  
 

    

  

_ m/;1i1h¢i's,.of our libraries and cannot-;" procure them elm your new
I    di ect.  “Postage, sliailips taken the same as money“

    
       

 '-

 

urmo em sromrs‘

   
   
 
 
 
  

SSUED EVERY TUESDAY.

 

BEAUTIFUL COLORED COVERS

. Buffalo Bill wins his way into the heart of every
one who reads these strong stories of stirring adventure
on the wide prairies of the West. ~

  Boys, if you want tales of the West that are
awn true to life, do not pass these by.
   PRICE FIVE CENTS PER copv

newsilealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

  

 
 
 
  
    
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
  

HERE ARE THE-

Buﬁalo Bill's Camp-ﬁres; or, The Bad Man‘ of
Snake River Crossing.

Buf£alo_-‘Bill Up a Stump; or, The Pawnee Faker of

. the Bitter Root. .

A --Btirglcls Eill’s Secret Foe ; or, The Wizard of Windy

. u c .

Bulrélo Bill’s Master-stroke;’ or, The Specter of
Death Valley. _

Buffalo Bill and “the Masked Mystery; or, Teton
john, the Half-breed.

Buffalo Bill and the Brazos Terror; or, The Lone
Star Outlaws. J _
huﬁalo Bill’s Dance of Death; or, The Night

Hiwks ofissnake River.
Buﬁalo Bill and the Creeping Terror; or, The
‘ smack Spider» of the Shoshones.
Buﬁfalq -Bill and the Brand_ 9f Cain; or, The Wan-
‘ dering Jew at the Plains

alo Bill andithe _Mwrl Millionaire; or, The
Redskin Roivers.  1  ~ :- V
" lfalo .Bill’s Medicine-IQdge; or. The White‘

Meenlof the Kickapons, V H ,4 _~ '
T 1  Bill,_;in Peril; or;._7.l'he Red Amazons of
the*N’:obra2sh. ‘fl   l. . E. -
ihtﬂelo Bi11’s Strange ~_Pe'rcl»; ‘of. Walter Joe on

‘v.War-path’.-.‘  r  " 1 

lo ‘Bill III the Death. Desert; or, The 'Worship
7  mower!" P J - V‘
 Bill in No VMan’-si ;  or, .'.I‘h_e« Sky-mir-.
:ror,.of the~Ranband-1e.  ~ . ~ A  I 

., .

 
 
    
  
 
  

  

   

0;’-

lo ﬁ§ll's—B6rder Rufﬁinsg   'T§esf>erate
“        *

  

LATEST TITLES:

298—Buﬁ'alo Bill's Black Eagles; or, The Snake-master
from Tirnbqctoo. .

299-—Buffalo Bill's Desperate Dozen; or, The Raiders oi
.Round—Robin Ranch. ‘

3oo——Buﬁalo Bill’s Rival; or, The Scalp—hunter of the
Niobrarah.

301-—-Buffzilo Bill's Ice Chase; or, The Trail of the Blacli
Riﬂe. l

302-«Buffalo Bill and the Boy Bugler;‘or, The White
Flower of Fcttcrmau Prairie.

3o3—Buffalo Bill and the White Specter: or, The Mys-
terious Medicine—man of Spirit Lake.

304--Buﬁalo Bil1’s Death Deﬁance; or, The Bad Men (3!

‘ b Timber Bar.

305-—-Buffalo Bill and the Barge Bandits; or. The Demon
of V/Volf River Canon.

3o6——Buﬁalo Bill, the Desert Hotspur; Or, Pizen Jane, of
Cinnabar.

307--Buffalo Bill's Wild Range Riders: or, The Venge-
ance of Crazy Snake.

«‘3o8——Buffalo Bill's Whirlwind Chase; or, The ‘Mustang

Catchers of Bitter Water.
3o9—Buﬁalo Bill‘s Red Retribution; or, The Raid of the
‘ Dancin iDe:-vishes. —
310--Buffalo Bi Haunted; or, The White Witch of the
Niobrara.

311--Buffalo Bill's Fight for Life; or, Caught in the-

Cave of Lions.

312-—-Buﬁalo Bill’: Death Jrimp; or, The Og'allalas' Last "

Stand; ‘
313-Buffalo ‘em and the Pit of‘ Horror: or, The White
. l Queenof Paradise Valley. '

  and cuinot procure them from your nerve» A

  

 mm. mm
   COMPETITION *'

é

sees

f’ .2

so
any
on
00’



.eeeeee

 

.eeéee

   
  
    
   
 
  

Q J
0

6

io— q ‘if: ‘s “I I

$100 in Gold Awarded for the ‘Best Letters
‘ from Readers of

ROUGH RIDER WEEKLY

Every one of; the 50,000 boys who read the excellent stories of Western
adventure published in the Rough Rider Weekly, has some special reason
for liking them. Now, we intend to make it worth the while of every boy to
tell us just what he thinks about the Rough Rider Weekly and hereby offer
valuable prizes to those who write us the best letters regarding the "stories

. themselves; how you may have worlced to increase their circulation or what
-.you know about the fascinating life of the modern ranchman, so ably de-

scribed by our cowboy author, Mr. Ned Taylor. This competition is open
freely to all who may desire to enter it, without charge. or consideration of
any, kind. lt is not necessary for competitors to be subscribers for Rough

Rider in order to be eligible to compete.

‘Every contestant who does not win one of the cash prizes
. will receive a consolation prize. '

The first competition opened October lst," l906, and closes Alpril lst,
i907, when a second contest will begin. The prize winners will be listed
in April so that every one who reads the Rough Rider Weekly may know

R who  won. Here are the prizes: »

$20.00 in Gold for the Bést Letter.
/, y $10. 0 in Gold for Each of the Three Next Best Letters
' ‘  in Gold for Each of the Six Next Best Letters.
$2.00 in Gold for Each of the Ten Next Best Letters.

-  letter; should not be longer than 250 words and should be plainly addressed to Man-
ager of Rougl'!lRider Letter Competition, care of Street & Smith. Now, boys, Jump right in
to win‘: cash prize. ’ '

  STREET at smrru. publishers, Nnw YORK

 

W

W

Q

. I
W
8'!
8'!
W
W

W

  

    

 

THE FAVORITE LIST

OF FIVE-CENT LIBRARIES

    
   
 

  

Nick Carter Weekly

We know, boys, that there is no need of introducing to
you Nicholas Carter, the greatest detective that ever
lived. Every number containing the adventures of Nick
Carter has a peculiar, but delightful power of fascination.

 
   
 
    
 
  

   

BRAVE AND BOLD

Every boy who prefers variety
in his reading matter, ought to
be a reader of Brave and Bold.
All these were written by authors
who are past masters in the art
of telling boys’ stories. ‘Every
tale is complete in itself.

DIAMOND DICK WEEKLY

The demand for stirring stories
of Western adventure is admir-
ably ﬁlled by this library. Every
up-to-date boy ought to read just
how law and order are estab-
lished and maintained on our
Western plains by Diamond Dick,
" Bertie, and Handsome Harry.

BUFFALO BILL STORIES‘: <dl—.."’ BOWERY BOY LI

_ _ T'rie‘ad¥ent;i_[es of a poor waifk .~-- ‘ 
Buffalo Bill is the hero of a " _\whose only m,ﬁ‘g“','§ ~g¢.m.f_v/'4‘ 

thousand ' exciting adventures Billy.” Billy is the true product »
. among the Redskins. These are of 1.113 Stlee.“ Of New Y°'_k- ,N° 
T  . . boy can read the tales of his trials‘

gwen to our boys °"ly m the witho’ imbibing some of that
:. BUﬁ3l° Bl" S‘°"i¢5- TM)’ 3'5 resource and courage that makes ' A
bound to interest and please you.

RIDER WEEKLY

. _ Ted Strong was appointed deputy mar-
‘ . shal by accident, but he resolves to use his
" authority and nd his ranch of some very
tough bullies. He does it in such a slick
way that everyone calls him “King of the
Wild West" and he certainly deserves his
title. Sioo in cash are given _to the readers
of "this publication, '

Buy a copy and learn how to come in for a
share of it.

   

 
    
    
    
    
   
    
    
   
      
   

    

   

   

These are stories of the adven-
tures of boys who succeeded in
climbing the ladder of fame by
honest effort. No more inter-
esting tales can be imagined.
Each number is at least one-third
longer than the ordinary five-
-: cent library. » ,

    
     
       
      
   

  

   

   

  
          
   
           
     
    

the character ofthis homeless boy
stand out sovprominently‘.

 
 

   

   

The Tip Top Weekly 
Frank Merriwell and his brother Dick are known and loved by over one
hundred and fifty thousand of the best boys in the United States. They are
both clean-cut, vigorous fellows who dare to do right no matter what the
consequences. Get the current number. We are shre you will like it.

     
    

 
 

