BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
Augusr 22, 1924

       
  
     

Price 8 Cents

 

ssmmuass        rm    M®wm.

 
  

   

«aw

[No One» 5 709/55

-/

1*‘, ¢LJ‘  W» " ‘ . — ’ \'-.r,:I."' '-
The long anchor-rope uncoilod rapidly. Switching back end forth. its eneky (old: so: entangled
vith Clem Lambert’: leg-I. He had only just time enough to seize the rope with

both hands when he was whisked ‘oi! the ground and curried heevenwud.

\ x

   “ 1
m
(xi,

  
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
    
  
  
   
    
   
  
 
    
  
   
   
 
  

 

h  You A Radio Fan? Read Pages 24 and 25
FAME AND FORTUNE X EKLY

loaned week1y—siiboci-iptlon price. $4.00 per year; Canada, $4.50; Foreign, om, Publisher, 1n¢__ 15».
West 23d Street, New York. N. Y. Entered uslseeoumciug ion. 3: ‘ V
the Polt-Omceat New York, N. Y.. under the Act 0 3:

 

‘O L- . ‘
 No. 986 NEW YORK, AUGUST 22. 1924 (a_¢;;;._,"’«:a_'__, fgric-es Cents.
    FROM DARK T0   
. o ’c>"3 "37’ ‘
- ‘ 93.. % ‘/4 4
on, A POOR BOY’S CHANCE e «a $04.
:. 9‘ ‘°/P Q:
._________ ‘-4;). J’ 0,-/_
By A SELF-MADE MAN 6} 6; (3
.» . <53
CHAPTER I.—Wanderers Through Space. “I saw you,” replied Will; “but I was so up-

. «set at first that I couldn’t do ' '

Clem Lzilmbgrt and l%‘lS chumW\}’]Vi]ll .]Asl1i(more had out.I” a thing to help y.°u
gone to t e ounty air. * ie 00 ing at a " wonder how high we are now?” . '
captive balloon they saw a boy they did _not lil_<e “We seem to be getting higher everyszihligmcelyftm-3
 Upton Fowler in the basket examining it. He looked around the car for an instrument
~ Will climbed into it to see what he was doing _he expected to ﬁnd that would give them an
when the wind suddenly began to blow the balloon idea of their altjtude. He found it presently and
yggver, and the ropes snapped. As the balloon was able to make out that the balloon was al-
 up Clem seized the drag rope. Almost ready about ﬁfteen hundred feet above the
before Clem refglalinehd tggegréivigy ofthhis perilflie €8:‘t‘l’‘l7. ‘
2 ins swinging ‘'9 W‘ ‘*3 in 6 ail‘. _ e ‘ e must look like a mere 5 eck 

‘ crowd below was _durnb with consternation. ple in the fair ground by this  t°\*§:3:°i§§'§. "‘.'
Will and Upton, looking over the_edge of the ing the town and lake far behind us.”
"basket caught ii glimpse of Clem clinging to the “If we go on at this rate we'll soon be over
‘rope, but both were so overcome with terror at the gulf, and then our name will be mud if the
_ their situation that they could not move a ﬁnger balloon descends in the water,” remarked Win
aid the lad below. Clem recovered his self- with a very sober face. '

‘;';:;i*:; ::.':i..:.:;‘3..“:.sii.*::,:..°*;:i’..s:*;'::..;f . “I:;;w gar   =0 the new and aster leer ’
 lost no time in doing’ this the spell—bound uzgw-fl ‘ire °f L°‘"§‘""'“'. 3”‘! C1°"‘v.1°°1"‘!'¢

iiaiowd below watching his eﬁortb with the great- game; ’ w 0 was we up "' 3°°3’3Ph‘°5‘ d’5' ..
at of anxiety. He presently reached the bottom uTh.at7S a Netty larfge quest]-on.» replied Win “ 9

  aighsalﬂ-3% (vnétive me a hand!" “If we should be MOW“ right “W55 the 3"” t°

 

 

 

 . th t tli -
*'  “zen hiSt°h"m--.W°l<° "9 *0 C1°m’s desperate is 333: sa'§;°iau§<i3edpam'itie°§ ‘iltmigrne’ ct§:ri:ii“z§§§'§ 
(‘Great Scott, Upton! Don't you know Clem :31 “S; ‘gfﬁge t£u$§:_“e:!’°an°I}i'l3‘;SBf“3";_t}t‘l;‘:. d‘§£,3e“°; 31; , .:3

hlianging on to the‘anchor-rope of the balloon?

. '5‘ gm him into the car.” . mt 3° that way at an‘ th°“3h it l°°kS 35 if “'9
" V‘ pm“!

“ever, made no eﬂort to go to Lam_ were at present, for if you will look to the south 
'5

V%v".‘sista_nce' ‘O it remained for will to grab you will see a long glistening white line that Pll

. . . b_et marks the shore of the gulf. The wind is 
— "t whlgfedgg :;‘t"“ii°3’v';Idw?l‘i3t’e‘*‘ftac';:ima!:§t‘t’rg;lf liable to change at anv moment and carry us to . 
‘ ‘FA v“ the reaction Set in_ The balloon was thlilﬁ goutliern part of Texas, or down further into \ 

 all of one thousand feet ‘above the earth ‘ix‘°°'- ,  _ n

and the fair ground was ii mile away. They I d°“,t “BM ‘>0 80 to Mexico. sroaned Up-
ﬁstmck-‘ current of air that was carrying ton, ﬁnding his tongue for the first time. “I

E?

  
   
  
   
   
 
  
  

3; . th di t- _ want to go home.”
.. lghiuny umnizeaizlckiiiy ..i‘3°°xi?’ill, at last. “It d°9sn’t look now as if_yon’lI, home for,

he Lord on] known where we will fetch up." 9' fed‘! ‘f, °“ eve!’ d0-" Nplled W11.’ *

' « -- crane ed on one side of the _basket "93’, 1°’ '. wvgheﬁe ‘"9 ‘'9 a"Y‘'‘‘V7'

 -- out ff his sevedn hoenses. Hiimféicg Sailinérfosgge sgwfggdred 59°‘ 850'‘ the “Rh:

h color 0 chalk, an is eyes PTO 9 _ ' ‘ ..
§1_l.b‘te,,'_ fclﬂin got. upland‘ looked over ;§ii‘i(t!een“l':i‘i?indred feet!" gi:£;;ead,iUpton, with»

of the ar.We’re high‘ in th¢.,_8l!'l'{ he ‘ “No: ‘at lllle,'!;el::g‘h‘::‘ ‘Clem. _.“Get an 9.3;!

in ~ W I W   ;:::i::ri-.. £‘."..“'.‘:..“”"‘i...i‘~=""  -

» . a » on ' ,

' ' \ "1 wauldift dare look down."_. . «, .1 —-—~ 

 

 

   
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
    
   
  
 
  
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
   
   
 
 
  
  
   
   
    
  
    
        

2

“Why not? You ran’t fall out.” ‘
Upton wouldn't stir from his place in’ the bot-
tom of the basket; Will and Clem had now fully
recovered from their fright, and being lads of
some nerve they began to enjoy the novelty of
their situation. They possessed enough phil -
ophy in their composition to feel that they might
as well make the best they could out of a bad
predicament. It was a rare treat" for them for
the time being. The only thing that really trou-
bled their serenity was the question where the
‘balloon might ultimately land. Somehow it did
_ not occur to them that there was’ a cord run-
, ning up to the top of the bag that controlled the
‘ quantity of gas in the balloon. By pullin on it
they could let out the gas, and thus escend
earthward.

In the course of half an hour they could plainly.
make out the water of‘ the Gulf of Mexico in
the distance, and there wasn't any doubt about
them being carried straight toward it. They
had an instrument in the car which would have
measured the velocity .of the wind if they had
known how to use it and been able to ﬁgure out’
the result. As a matter_of fact the current they
were in was carrying them to the south at some-

T thing like thirty-ﬁve miles an hour. Their course
.at .present wasrshaped toward the most north-
ern point of Yucatan, and if the wind held as
it did it would take them seventeen hours to cross
the gulf to Cape Catoche. Clem presently as-
. eertained that their altitude had gone to eighten
«hundred feet, where it ap eared to be about sta-
tionary. After a time pton awoke from his
trance and asked again where the balloon was.
‘$We’re over the gulf now,” replied Will.
,“Are we as high as evei_-‘.'’’ "
_mAnd .it’s a good thing we keep up, too.

._ “Because we've got 3 Ion reach of water to
face from the present ou_tloo and I'm not anx-
ious to get too» near_ to it.” _
Ugeton was ﬁnally induced to look _over the rim
of t basket, andthe sight of the immensit of
space beneath him took his breath away, an he
’~ drew back in terror. ‘ . _
a  ,-“,‘If ‘we were to fall now we’d be killed—
” smashed into little bits.”
“Don't let that worry you. You'd never know
what happened to you." V
"9‘Why wouldn’t I?” A
V . “Your breath would _be gone. and you'd bea
‘ dead’ one before you_ hit‘ the water.” _‘
, Upton looked as if he would collapse again.
’ By sundown they were well out over the gulf,
‘sailing along at the same rate. ‘
Ksa , Will, it's beginning to feel deuced cold,”
‘laid lein, after a time. .
“'.“hat’| rlght——it is. And I'm aettmc hungry.

.  am’ I. I never thought of thathfact be-
ﬁ. We're liable to starve before this balloon
' so as somewhere." ‘ «

 

g . rig to eat in those bun-

saggested "Will. “ hose chaps wouldn't

been such tools as to. go, off without repar;
for ayydny or two’: sta anions the audit.

nounda reasonable. t’: overhaul them."

_‘  in doing so. and iigindagiéiéts
.-  cakes, pies_ _ c _ ,

     
 
 
   

  
   

  
  
 

FROM DARK TO DAWN

.._,y¢qtei-day.».afternoon.  You  Chet ﬁll!’

 

“Say this is all right, Will," cried Clem, smack- 5‘
ing his lips hungrily. “We won't starve for
three or four days at any rate." _ 

“You can bet we won't," he replied in a tone
of satisfaction. “Let's have supper."

The word supper had a magic sound for Up-
ton, and he grew interested at once. There was ‘ —_,.
a keg of water. and a jar of cold coffee. with milk V ~
but unsweetened. They found a- package of
sugar. however, and so they soon ﬁxed the coffee
to suit their individual tastes. The three made a

ood meal, with blankets over their shoulders, for
t e_ darker it grew the colder the air became. The
moisture in the air gathered and clung to the
sides of the balloon, and this had the effect of
decreasing their altitude, for when Clem next
looked at the instrument, he found that it regis-
tered sixteen hundred feet, and seemed to be
going lower. After talking a while the three wan-
derers through space huddled close together for
warmth, and ere long fell asleep. And while
they slept through the night the balloon kept on»
its journey southward over the big Gulf of Mex-
ico, a very small object indeed in that immensity
of space. '

 

v

CHAPTER II.—ln Brazil.

It was sunrise when the three boys awokef 
The first thing Clem did was to look at the alti- “

'tud instrument which told him the balloon’ had  

sun to fourteen hundred feet. Then he jumped 
up and looked over the edge of the basket. There ._
was nothing to be seen below but water-—-they -
might have been in the middle of the Atlantic
or the Paciﬁc ocean for all the land that was in

sight.

“Come, Will, take a peep,” he said.

' Will came and so did Upton, too. The latter
had got over his panic, and was able to look-
down without feeling demoralized. The boys hung I
over the rim of the basket for ten minutes, and M -‘
then adjourned to breakfast. As the sun rose,‘ ‘
hi her in the heavens the moisture on the balloon ., 
dried and it rose gradually to a height of over
seventeen hundred feet. About seven o’clock in
the morning they sighted land, which proved to
be the coast of Yucatan, though the boys did not V
know what it was. At four in the afternoon they ~
struck an immense body of water on their left ‘_.,j_;
with land stretching away to their right. They. .3 _
were soon passing over the Gulf of Honduras“) 
with the Caribbean Sea in the distance. 3
balloon had dropped to a height of ﬁfteen hunr f, A-‘
dred feet, and striking a different current they -35;
were home to the E. S. E., right over the Carib-' “ 
bean Sea. When another night closed in m., ‘;
them there was nothing but water to be sag; V .‘
again, with just a blue streak of coast line an i _‘
the distance to the west. When they awoke next  “
morning they were still sailing at an altitude of
fifteen hundred feet over a limitless watery_snaee. * .1 »

“Where are We at now?" asked Will, anxiously.‘  
“You've t me,” replied Clem. “We may In 
over the aribbean or we may be above the “
Paciﬁc Ocean.” . V V 
“How are we heading by the eompass‘.?".V. .
“Southeasybnt nether more cost 
"rust was almost the some course 

I .

  

  

      
  
    
  
    

     

  

    
     
  
   
  
   
      
   
  
 
   
  

,~

 the Caribbean and not the

we.’re- lower by two hundred feet.”

morning. '

.~»»“We- ought to strike South America soon on
this course," remarked Clem.

”“Sure we will if the wind don't change around

-carry us in a diﬁerent direction.” .

e’d better not eat so much to-day, or first
-% we know we won’t have any provisions
 Three such healthly appetites as ourssare
sue -to make the couimissary department look
 no time at all unless we put a curb op

=agree with you that we’d better go on short
_ alhowancenfor hdlf a loaf is better than no bread
 3;» all,” said Will. _ ’
"Bet ur life it is." _ _ '

_ ‘ﬂow long do you suppose we’re going to stay
1:}: m’ the air?” asked Upton, who was extremely
- - : to reach the solid ground once more.
.Ef‘1§ou’1l have to ask me something easier than
t; Upton,” replied Will. “I! I was a fortune
,sﬁIller I mightpossibly be able to answer your
mention, but as I am notjt seems a matter of

jot-luclewhen we do come down.” .
. “Isn't there any ‘we of making the old ﬂung
 ~ 2" continued pton.
 ‘ .y, yes,\conie to think of it, there must’be
end somewhere coinmunicatinﬁlwith a valve on
top of the balloon. By pu 'ng on the cord
’ the valve which lets out the gas and
balloon will then sin ." _
 ‘Where is the cord?” cried Upton, eagerly.
— '3 pull it and go down.” I
“'An' land in the water be drowned. 811?
‘much. I'm willing to sta up here as long as
so much water in sight, ’ said Will.
 balloon gradually rose to sixteen hundred
s mornin grew apace and the sun’s rays
the oied silk, and ex anded the gas.
saw nothing but water al that day, and
pros ct was decidedly discouraging.
7 ti ni ht, while they. were asleep, the
struck the northern coast of South Amer-
§eelng over a narrow strip of Colombian soil
. ' eaezuelii. When Clem looked over the rim
bushel: "in the morning there wasn't _a sign
‘ in sight.‘ While he d_id_n’tlknow it they
..:. -. near the Venezuelan town of

 
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
    
 
  
   
 
 
 
  

\ .

  
 

  

   
  
  
   

{it last,” he shouted to” his companions.
looked over the sideol the car to see for-

V ithhmerica for! a dollar,” said Will,

  

-ram; time than ‘east. How high are

, qver thirteenliundred: We seem to drop
.‘ .g%‘_nig;liL” ‘ ' " .

gﬁlioimtlr-to leak out ‘by dezrees aur-

“ W‘ 5 aucie-is had djsizovend the

tile valve cord. .Itw'as tied tooue

T ‘ ’ ; fact‘ be

  
 
  
   
  

    

oftie basket

K

FROM DARK rro DAWN

_‘fYou’ll ﬁnd that we’ll rise with the sun,” said ,
 who had oburved that phenomena the pre- ,,

At ten '

  still heading southeast, but‘ “rather .

e

spread out below them they cast longing glances
at the cord. A pull upon it would send them
earthbound pretty quick, and the lads were tired
of their aerial journey by this time. Their pro-
visions were also alarmingly short. Clem ﬁnal}
made an attempt to reach the valve cord, an
succeeded in detaching it. Letting some of the
gas escape they dropped to an altitude of nine
hundred fee . The country looked so bare and
uninviting that they decided not to descend fur-
ther for the present.

When darkness came on they were still over
Venezuela. Soon after midnight the balloon
crossed the boundary into Brazil, and the ho
were awakened by a violent swaying of the has -
et. The balloon had sunknto seven hundred feet
and had been caught in a ﬁerce Windstorm that
was whirling them along at the rate of nearly
one hundred miles an hour. At six o'clock in the
morning they were being carried helplessly across
the Madeira River, a tributary of the Amazon,
which they had passed over four hours previous-
ly. The wind now began to moderate, but still
carried them along at the rate of a mile a min-
ute. They found that the bag was leaking gas

-from the rough handling it had experienced dur-

ing the night, and that they were steadily drop-
ping earthward. _ ,

“It’s only a question of a little while before
this trip will come to an end,” said Clem,
“whether we want it to or not.”

“That's what it looks like for we're only five
hundred feet above sea level now. We barely
pas over that line of hills onder. We must
throw over some of the sand. We'd surely starve
if we alighted in this Lord-forsaken region. We
must be somewhere in Brazil.” '

“It's a mighty poor country whatever it is,”
replied Clem. "Come on, help me dump out some
of the sand.” ~-

They got rid of three bags of the stuff and the

balloon rose up buoyantly once more to a height

of one thousand feet. They had to row over the
rest of their sand at intervals during the day to
keep the balloon at a respectable height until they
reached the neighborhood of a town or village.

“We must be journeying through the worst
part of South America from the aspect of the
count ,” said Clem. “We haven n a trace
of civi ization all day." " ye

"I guess this is the central part 0 Brazil,” re-

plied‘ Will, ‘{where people are few and far he: ”‘ ,

tween. .

"We'll never get out of this valley in the bal-
loon, that's certain,” answered Clem. “You an ._-'
see we're not over three hundred feet above the.
ground and are_heading for that range yonder.
The bag is getting wobbly through loss of gas. . ;
and we\can't lighten it any more unless we throw «
Uptonout,"grinnedtheboy. * 5 "

“Throw me out!” roared Upton. “I gueu mt.” ‘

“Then. perhaps, you’ll be ob’ ‘rig enough to. .
jump out so‘ we can get over you mountains?”
  .... -W .1   

“ y you 3 out you . _ i 
Upton. “We wouldn‘t miss you.” A  ii

"Thanks for the _ p I
“If we can‘t pass the

  

 

 

 

 
  

    
 
      
   
    
   
 
 
    
   
 
  
  
 
   
  
      

     

 in ' FROM DARK

“And we've only got a few crackers and a lit-
tle water left, with hungry stomachs to boot. This
* is simply ﬁerce." - --

“That's right. It couldn't be much worse,” ad-
  mitted Clem.

‘ “Oh, Lot’, we’ll starve to death in this wilder-
 , ness.” groaned Upton.

'7 ' "Well, you can blame yourself for our trou~
J’ bles and your own,” said Clem.

-‘ . “What have I got to do with it?" growled Up-
- ton. « -

. “If you'd got out of the balloon when the men

told you to at first, instead of leading Will to get

into the basket, you two would have been at home

- now. while I'd probably, be in New Orleans."

_ ' “Ho! '.Who thought this old thing would break
‘ loose like it did?" '

“Nobody thought so: but you took the chances
of it doing so just the same. In ﬁfteen minutes
more you can make up your mind that this bal-
loon will be out of business, so I vote that we
,ﬁnish the crackers and the water, and trust to
[luck for our next meal," said Clem.

- It took little urging for the hungry lads to
f carry out Clem’s suggestion. There were two
‘cg-ac‘-:e.g-s and a glass of‘ water apiece. and they

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 In ten minutes the anchor at the end of the rope

‘ struck the ground of the foothills and began to
drag. The balloon. ﬂoated right into a gorge wh are
the anchor caught in the underbrush, and their
aerinlﬂight was over for good and all. ‘Clem
pulled on the valve ropeand the car sank to the
5 . ground, the bag collapsing with a —p?.‘.tI.. and
" ieadiniz itself an inert mass of silk cloth along

        
     
    

II
C‘
:2
U
D‘
0
U:

r - ‘fCoine, fellows, step out," he said, setting the
example himself. ._ ' _ '
'=-Sud".en1y'a dozen» rough looking _Bra1.ilians
“ dashed out of the gorge, armed with Mauser
rifles‘ and knives- They surrounded the basket in
.137 threatening manner. calling on the boys in
Pow»-aiiese to surrender. It was a certainly a
ticklish situation that the American lads faced.

 
    

  
 

 

i l

is " cii.A.i>'rER'iii.—Prisoneis..'

(v”‘

    

   
 

_ v , of a fierce looking rascal who appeared to
me leader of the crowd. '* .

j. ‘ :13‘; U1; Americana?” he answered, using the

. -*2! ,‘.'*}rae:.rg¢au:“&gieaericans all right,” replied Clem-
II he sat astrlde of the basket. n,_

. ‘ fdiee ustcd?~ (What do’ you say?) ,

M ‘ Jgggookzﬁis head. He didn’t understand a

"_ oi nish." Neither did his companions.

‘ ldid-- rﬁrazilians. understand 3 W°1'd °f

. Therefore conversation was at a dead

j —- signs hecame«¢he_o3‘der of the day. and

I _ looking-chap, motioned the boys to get

 They obagd and were imgne;

. ‘gaiz3d,'h'§V.’thé gang.-.,« . leader" looked into

'n:l.took:out the; instruments and ,blanliet_s

than toja  of his ‘,folIowers“'1i‘:g

 some .ot’der*ih‘ S
i started up the

         
  
 
    
     
   

   
      

 
 
 
    

_,-..v

 

ﬁnished the meager provender in a few moments. .

;‘What's the matter with you chaps?" asked A

, vided with a. spoon'toiea't

:61:-»‘*°,'°fnz’th°*2 

To: DAwN7

   
    

tough. a lot of rascals as one could expect to run
against in the wilds. I wonder what" they mean -
to do with us?" _ M ’ ' 
As Will turned to reply the Brazilian who had
hold of him yanked him forwardpin a rough way _
and mutteredsomething in his native lingo. 'I'ha.t' _
put a stop to any further C(7!TlYl’lllIll(‘.".l'.l0!l between‘ 
the two boys. U ton Fowler was the picture of F
woe as he was ragged forward by two of the -
rascals behind~Clem. The situation was cleaﬂy
too strenuous for his nerves. In this way the 
party proceeded over the uneven surface of the 
gorge until they turned a jutting rock, when ‘they . 
came in view of a cave before which a man fully ‘ '
as disreputable as the others was cooking some»
thing in a big iron pot over a ﬁre. Whatever was _
in the pot an appetizing odor was wafted to the _ u
noses of the boys, and in spite of their mien-— .V;I§
viable position it made their mouths water. - ‘ 
leader made‘ the lads sit near the mouth of the, ,
cave and placed a man to watch them, while the
rest stood their weapons against the rocks and,
disposed themselves at their ease around on the
ground. —
“We're up against it hard, old man," remarked T.
Will, turning to Clem. ' ‘V . "
“Seems so, doesn’t it?" replied his chum.
“I guess these fellows are an organized
of thieves, and this spot is their rendezvous.
“You might make a worse guess.” '
“They've made us prisoners for some 
on general principles.” '  4‘
“I judge they thought there might be soun-
ilzhing worth stealing in the basket of the hal-
oon.” ‘ '
“In which case they’ve been disappointed‘:

   
  
    

~i“**;1 

 
   
   
    
   
    
     
    

chuckled Will, “for those instruments won't
them any good."
“But the blankets will.” _ V . ' ~
“They aren’t so much. It's a wonder they;
haven’t searched us." . » -
.“They’re welcome to all they’ll get on
‘grinned Clem.

“They won't find a do1lar’s worth of coin on
three of us.’,'/ . -.
“I haven’t a nickel.” . i ,

fﬁlpton takes it pretty hard, doesn't he?"A said:
“He looks as if he was in a blue funk.”
“It is very discouraging, at any rate. I’d feel ,

a heap sight better if I hada plate full of ethﬂ’ _
‘stuff that chap is cooking yonder. It smells good," I-
and I ‘feel about starved,” said Will, with a wist-
ful look in the direction of the black pot. —. ,. 
“Same here. Maybe we'll get a share. the‘ ‘

k'b" tldl't tSeemstohe'

coo, is eginmng o a e i on . a.
kind of stew.” ' ' ..; 
One of the men brought a number ofgtin 
out of the cave, and as the cook ﬁlled them 'ﬁl‘IE.
the savory cbmpound» he.passe_d.xthe1u 
among his companions, each. of whom was}.
with. When all 
had been’served the‘ cook took his shain,»and' W“
was a kind of exquisite torture for the hungry
boys to sit and watch the stew disappear
the Brazilians? throats.’ In  to 
each man waspmviveﬂ with a_ hunk of Ali.
colored bread, and tlieseﬁwo articlje; constituted
' ‘-«After 

‘their meal. the chief of
' ‘he
I 

we-‘a’. 

         
   

» 1-:

 

      
 
  
   
 
  

      
  

   
   
   
   
   
    
  
 

  

    
 

 them. Handing them to the cook he pointed at
i_i the boys. _
* - “Gee! We’re going to get some after all,” said
Will, joyously, his tongue almost hanging out in
»- anticipation of —what was coming. _

- They were handed the basins, with spoons and
f" -a hunk of bread each. The Brazilians watched
1. ‘ the boys eat. They must have thought the lads
nigh starved from the way they devoured that
st}-.-w and sour bread. There wasn’t a crumb
-." Iefliy gracious!” cried Will, with a sigh of con-
tent. “That tasted good. I haven’t had such a
banquet in a week."

 

 

of the scanty table that Mrs. Fowler was accus-
torned to set. _ .

Upton didn’t say anything, but he looked as if
he had enjoyed the meal as much as his asso-
ciates. ’ _ ,, .

“I am beginning to feel like a n’eW man, Said
, Clem, presently. “When a fellows breadbasket
" -- is empty he isn’t worth much. _ _

* “That's right. It takes all the a;nbmon_ out
> r of you.» replied Wi11_ “Upton looks like a differ-
 ent boy already-"

 

  
  
   
    
  
 
 
   
 
  
    

 

f ing to do with us?” asked Upton, with an anx-
" ions expression. . ” __
“Why don't you ask them, Uppy? smckered
Will; “Maybe you can make them understand
you’ ,_ .
' . “Oh, you be Jiggeredl" retorted Upton, with a
, _- look of disgust. “It's a wonder Jon wouldn’t
:2 , give 3 stra’i,ght answer when a fe ow asksyou
 ‘ “Thatosiis a silly estion to ask me,” replied
 “Will. “How can I tel what. these rascals meari
to do with us‘! If I understood Portuguese-——
_ He didn't get any fu_rth_er for the leader of the
’ crowd came up and intnig to the cave ordered
the boys to insi e. The did so, and were
_ marched to th‘; extreme bac of the place, and
' directed to sit down on the hard ﬂoor. Will hap-
". ’ g_h be in the center his right ankle was
' to Clem’s left one, and his left ankle to
:1‘! ’s right one. The blankets taken from the
hﬁgln were thrown to them, and they were
left to their own reﬂections The men gathe-.d
 around the front of the cav , drank some kind of
_ aqua; out of a stone jug that was raised from
mung}. to mouth, smokcl ciga.-ates -nd chinned
. What g hug  Clem,
_ been . €‘.'l.»€ .
'h“eTnhat’s egiadent,” aneswered "/ill‘ “but I can’t
.. see what use they can make out of us.”
.?“We?|1 know in good ‘time. I wish I knew
what part of Brazil were in.»l£ We really are in
-* Brazil. It’s such a 5-,‘; coartry that we may be
- hundreds of miles i... "19 interior, and practically
 —. ‘cut 03 from anly av‘..1'.‘nl.-“e. opo..e:tii..ity of es;:]ape;‘;
-‘--“ ..’t- Irommesoon ey,
 niy£:‘s’pIeosotnIl:'J1;’lf.?' L:-llv-on," said Will,

    
    
    
  
       

 “Thar; one advantage of being an orphan.”
 Clem; “I have no one to worry about
.  remained, silent and glam. The satisfac-
 had felt at ﬁlling his stomach had. passed
Uuwpandoliin mind was ﬁlled with gloomy pic-

 inmediate future: He lay back on

1

-“Nor me in a month,” replied Clem, thinking

“Say, what do you suppose these men are go- -

FROM DARK TO DAWN 5

his blanket, sick at heart, while the other two
talked for half an hour more. The Brazilian
rufﬁans grouped about the entrance to the cave
continued to drink and smoke fc- some time
longer, then they drew off one at a time ‘and
Wrapping themselves in their ponchns went to
sleep. The leader was the last to turn in-' but
previous to doing so he went to the rear 0}‘ the
cave and looked at the boys, now asleep. With
a grunt of satisfacvovi he, too, selected a spot
near his sleeping companions, and soon nothing
broke the silence Jf the Prazilian mountain cave
but the deep breathing of *5..e sleepers.

CHArTI<.‘R IV.—rDiamond Poaching.

Soon after sunrise the boys were roughly
awakened "3’ one of the gang. They found that
the ropes had been removed from their ankles."
They were ordered in the sign language to go
to the front of the cave. The Brazilians were

eating their morning meal. which consisted of‘
a tin cup of black coffee and a cake made out .-

of maize, with some dried fruit. The boys were
given a fair share of the food, and when break-
fast was over the men li hted the customary
cigarette, grabbed their rifles, and appeared to
be ready to start out. The fellow who oﬁiciated
as cook appeared with ,a bag in his hand, and
the lads being placed in front, with the leader
on one side and one of the gang on the other,
the procession started down the mountain gorge.

Half an hour's walk brought them to a narrow

valley between two spurs of the range. A narrow
and shallow river followed the course ‘of the
valley. At a certain spot, which showed evi-
dences of recent excavation. the Brazilians came
to a halt. One man, with his riﬂe, perched him-
self on a high rock overlooking the entrance to
the valley, while the rest, under the direction of
the leader, pulled a number of shovels out of the
bushes. A spade was put into each of the boy’:
hands and he was ordered to get into the excava-
tion and dig. He was made to understand that
he was to dump the dirt in a certain s t, and
this dirt was a terward removed to the ank of
the river and examined by some of the men.
Several of the rascals joined the boys in the wide
hole and did precisely what the lads had been
directed to do.
' "I wonder if we're helping these fellows to dig
for surface gold?” said Clem to Will, as they
paused for a rest. “Almost as fast as we throw
this dirt out it is carried down to the river to
be washed, I suppose.”

“I wouldn’t be surprised,” re lied Will. “Them
has been a (great deal of gol , as well as dia-
monds, foun in certain parts of Brazil.”

“These chaps are evidently working this place
on the sly. Look at that rascal on yonder rock.
Anybody can see that he's there on the watch.”

"Say, I’m sick of this," growled Upton, edg-
ing up toward his companions. “It is as hot as
blazes in this hole, and digging is hard work.

. What right have these men to make us free

American bo s work like slaves for them? And
what is it al about? What's the object of this
di ‘rig’! What are we hunting for?” ,

pton’s Jaee wore a dissatisﬁed expression. Ho
hadneverbeenusedtohardworkorwork

 

dg,

  

  
    
  
    
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
    
  
  
    
   
   
  
 
    
    
  
  
     
  
   
  

.6.

any kind for that matter, except to wait on an
occasional customer in his father's store, and
this kind of thing jarred on his feelings. ’

“Well, Upton, you have my sympathy," grinned
Clem. “There's no use; of you kicking, for we're
all in the same box. These ruflians have no right,
of course, to make free‘ American boys work, but
might is right with them, and we've got to
knuckle down until we ﬁnd a chance to make our
escape. As to what we're digging for. I reckon
it's gold.” _ _ _ _

“Maybe it's diamonds," interyected Will, as the
thought suddenly struck him.

“It’s just as likely to be diamonds as gold, I
suppose,” admitted Clem.

. “Diamonds!” exclaimed Upton, eagerly. “Do
you really think so?" '

“it isn’t improbable," answered Clem. “Brazil
is one of the countries where diamonds are dug
out of the soil."

“Gee!” cried Upton. “I'm going to look for
them. If I ﬁnd any " .
“Well, what then?” asked Clem, coolly. .
“I'll put them in my pocket, bet your life."

“You don't imagine these men are going to
let you keep them, do you?” '

“I shan’t let any one know I've got them,"
said Upton, moving oil’ to the spot where he had
V been shoveling out the dirt, and starting in a ain
’ with renewed activity, for his interest had een

aroused. y . _
, The leader of the crowd, who devoted his time

tow-alkin up and down the top edge of the ex-
cavation, s eepi g a sharp eye on the diggers,
soon noticed tha Upton, instead of throwing out
shovelfuls of dirt, as before, was examining the
blue clay with great attention. He immediately
jumped intothe hole, gave the boy a clout along-
side the head, and signed to him to continue his
work. This roughtreatment put a damper on
,U9tou’s enthusiasm, and he resumed his labor
with a face that ‘looked like three days of rainy
~11-anther. .
1 -A-.‘r‘gﬁion got it in the neck that time,” said Clem
etc “That char isn’t going to put up with
any nonsense, It s clear we’ve been brought
have to work, and if we don’t_do it to suit we'll
 the boss of the ]Ob.In a way we won't

 that moment Clem «saw an object in the
ﬂpilioful of earth he had just turned over. He

 
 

  

Twlesented the appearance of a semi-transparent
-invaded b covered with a thin, brownish
ops‘: crust. .Will’s attention being attracted.
too. llanced at the stone. _
_ “That's a diamond as sure as you live," he
r said. .“'It exactly answers the desci'iption_ I have
 btigcs elm the subject. Drop it in your
 e s y.’ ' * .

Elemogu a wise’ boy, and without looking to
2 his actions had been observed, he made a
ps’ﬁnn§as’if casting something aside and then

 
      
     

    
 
     
    
  
  
   

   
 
  
  

ailthetime in the pl-lnfl ofvhis hand. After
, ‘put his‘ hand Illlfiﬁ pocket and draw out
.~  ux lettin ; be bbie‘ fall into his
 cg ; ygangdidnot

    
  

S ....,v. —. ,7. ,. .

‘FROM DARKA" TO DAWN“

~.atooped -down, picked -it up and ‘looked at it. It‘

on with his digging, holding the rough di'a- .

Re ‘any

   

ugly and discontented. As noon a, halt was
called in the work, and the man who acted as. ‘
cook served out maize cake, dried fruit and clear .15‘
spring water. After which all hands rested for
over an hour in the shade. v , _ .-

“Are you fellows going to stand for this sort * j
of thing?" said Upton Fowler. V ‘
Cl“Not any longer than we can help,” replied

em. ,

“This kind of treatment to a free-born Ameri-
can is the"biggest kind of an outrage,” went on 
Upton, indignantly. “What are the Stars and ._ 
Stripes good for if it isn’t to protect the people " "
of the United States?"

“Oh, choke oﬂ’, Upton. What do you suppose a
gang of rascals like these chaps care for the
Stars and Stripes, or the ﬂag of. Brazil for that 4
matter?” replied Clem. “There isn't any use of A
you or Will and me butting our heads against a ‘ ‘,
stone wall. These scoundrels have got us dead , - “~

  

 

A to rights and we’ve got to knuckle down till they

happen to be off their guard and then we'll cut
away. Isn't that so, Will?" ,
h “'£hat’s so," acquiesced Ashmore, noddingthis
ea . — ‘ V
“Well, I'm not going to get sunstruck to oblige‘ 
a lot of Brazilian bandits, not by a jugful," re- .' ., .
sponded Upton, doggedly. ,-
“Jf you know of an way to get the better of 9:
them let us know, an Will and I will stand 
you. Otherwise I advise you to grin and bear it] , 1
as best ou can."‘ [T
“Whats the matter with sneaking up to 
place where their riﬂes are standin against tire“
rocks, grabbing one apiece, and Stan ing the 
oif?” said Upton. ‘ ’
“Have you got the nerve to attempt such .a...
move as that?” .1,
- “I’ve got as much as you!” snorted Upton.
“Any fool could. see that game wouldn't work," \
replied- Clem. “At the present moment every”
man of them is within reach of his gun. When,’
we're in the excavation it would be equally out’
of the question. Think again, Upton. and try '
and strike a better idea.” . _ 1‘
“Why don't you think ‘up some scheme your-x
self, you’re so smart?" ‘ A" 
“I’m on the lookout for an openi ,»don’t U’
geatr; aﬁld when it comes I'll hie the‘: with 
ee. ut 'mnotgoin to oanvthin‘graah.’*
That would only make a ad job worse." _ ,
Work was resumed in the excavation at two‘ ‘ "
o'clock, and the boys labored with more or leu
persistence until near sundown, when the shovels
and other paraphernalia were hidden in the .
bushes and the march taken up again for‘ 1-.»
cave. The cook had preceded the party and Ix‘.-at
another pot full of stew on the tire and well un-
der way by the time they arrived at the cave.
This pro ramme was kept up for several
luring w ch _time the Brazilian diamond pooch-‘ea
ers took out of the earth a couple of bags fan.‘
the rough gems, whose value. just as they :
might be estimated_ at between 88 and" A 
carat. By this time the hands, necks 
of the three boys. were lilistered and tannedgyt
rich brown._ The were graduallgdgetti ~ A
tothehardw thouglithoy ‘,'t,
better 

     
  
  
  
        
      

  

  

  

  
  
   
    

   
 
  

   
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
    
   
   
  
   
   
  

_ ’C‘HAPTER Y.—A Break for Freedom.

It was getting onto noon of the fourth day of
their work in the excavation when the boys were
E,f"aiidd'erily startled by the report of the lookout’s
  Instantly every man stopped his labor and

, ran for his gun. The.leader ordered the boys_ to
 leave the hole and pointed to a big rock behind
‘ which a couple of the diamond poachers had tak-
._ en”their stand.

doing,” ‘said Clem.

these chaps.” replied Will.
 hope so,” returned Clem.
’‘ He glanced around the corner of the rock and
- saw a number of uniformed men in the distance
I advancing up the valley. The diamond poach-
‘ ‘ res: were scattered at different points among the
I rocks, with their riﬂes ready ‘-0 SW9 battle 3°
ﬁjthe invaders. .. c _ _
if -«phase fenows who are coming this way are
soldiers, and there is quite a bunch of them. BY
the looks of things, somebody is going to be hurt
 tI!.I¢fr’s!?’mg‘iispse<l)%lpton. “I wish I was out
let th‘ . We may be kil1ed.’f ,
 looked kind of white around the gills, and
xgyarclearly uneasy over the outcome. The sol-
-ems scattered as they advanced into the valley,
and soon the poachers opened ﬁre on them from
 boulders and other spots of vanfaze-_ A8
g jthe noting on both ‘sides became more lively.
told his companions to keep their wits on
alert and be ready to make a break. If
'tbehid ."’h 'd..“
'7‘-.?,’.f"...¢" “h'i‘l“%’ve"1i.y ne"ab$ to £253‘ out of
grub way until the soldiers clean these chaps
q‘;t.."¢';f. the valley. "Then we can show ourselves
claim protection of _the government men-"
'm pointed out the spot where the gully ran-
. however, they -would‘_haVe to eXP°5.¢
of the military who were
ley. It was also _ss1ble that
interfere with t eir retreat.
probable ‘as ‘the attention
was fully occupied with their foes

I C h  a , fellows?” asked Clem
Inset?’  hall °vwZ°‘z1n§i:Z a dash for the gully
ad .45. 3 bullet or two. I think the chances
 ggtxing hit is small. If we wait here mvch
- it will be different.” W
' . about these two rascals close 'DY- “lied

 
 

  
 

    
   

we not Pﬁyiﬁf ﬁll? 8tlv°nﬁ°“ l"° "5", "3'
1‘ w°"1;]g%”’.'g)j'e.cted Upton, who seemed to

n s
-~ -«-ax 'tostahere.

 a‘ chfneemgoreshriilxlzy these diyainond
to get away from them.

  
 
  

"-is-do but-—~—'” . -' ‘ -~
V * tlieirﬁgt

. oftdu
 _

FROM DARK 'ro_ DAWN

“Looks as if there was going to be something\_
' “This ought to be our chance to get clear of

 

7
to the ‘rock and nervously at the dead dia- I
mond poacher. inally Clem pulled himself to- .

gether and crawled over to the corpse.

“Where are you going, Clem?” asked Will,
anxiously.

His chum did not answer him. Then Will saw
Clem reach out and get possession of the man’s
riﬂe. After securing it he unbuckled his cart;
ridgebelt and crept back to his companions.

“_Come along. Wil_l. Let’s make for the gully?
This rock will cover our retreat to some extent.
Get a move on, Upton.”

Carrying the riﬂe and cartridge belt with him,
Clem started to crawl toward the gully. Will
followed close behind.. Upton hesitated and ﬁn-
ally seeing his companions well on the way, start-
ed to join them when the other diamond poacher-
discovered his object, and, giving a shout, cov- ,‘
ered him with his riﬂe; Young Fowler collapsed -
and crept back to the shelter of the rock again. .
The rascal then looked for the other two boys,
but they had just vanished from his sight over
the edge of the gully, and he was unable to make
out where they had gone. The ﬁght between the
detachment of soldiers and the diamond poach-
ers had now grown quite hot, and there were a
number of casualties on both sides. The latter
stood their ground and put up a desperate re-
sistance, and as the two parties were pretty even-
ly divided in numbers the result was a matter
of doubt. Clem and ’win waited for-Upton to
appear, but he didn’t. ’

“What’s the matter with him?" asked Clem. ’
“Didn’t he come?" ’

n‘
“I don’t_lmow. I supposed he was right be- 
hind me.” ._,«
They glanced cautiously above the edge of the ’
gully and saw Upton still crouching under the

 
 

» rock. - _
‘fHe’s a blamed donkey!” cried Clem, in an im-
patient tone. “He hasn't spunk enough to make
an eﬂort to save himself. I don’t want to stay
here. My idea was to get as far away from the
gang of diamond diggers as we could, and ‘then
watch for a chance to join the soldiers as soon as
they succeeded in clearing these fellows out}?
“They seem to be having a tough time doing
it. These rascals are putting up a. stiﬁ fight;
You can" gamble on it they are not cowards.
“So much the more reason why we should take
advantage of a chance that might not occur soon
again if”the poachers manage to beat the miliv

tary off. .
“ f we wait for Upton I guess we'll stay here ’
_son]i(e time. He seems to be anchored to that": 
roc ." » ‘ . ‘
“ hate to leave him in the lurch; but it's his 
own fault," replied Clem. - p
‘ “WeIl._ he's got a fair chance of a rescue ‘ C
the soldiers if he stays where he is; but if -‘
poachers beat them 08 _he’s bound to remain q= ‘
prisoner with them." , . I e « _
Clem and Will ﬁnally decided to sneak oﬂ 
the gulley_and hide in the bushes somewhere in-
til they discovered how the light. terminated. .11

n, . .. bk — p \
37.3»: cii'ey’".‘5é".." ‘ "°“‘ ".‘?e."",°

 
       
       
      
       
   
       
       
    
     
 

    
    
  

  

      

  

uh . soon placed 

the battle-
? 

  

 

 

» «FROM DARK

stream of water ran through the ravine and con-
nected with the river, half a mile away. .
“This is a ﬁne spot to hide," said Clem, look-
ing around. “Upton ought to be with us.”
 wonder how the fight is getting on?" said
i . V
“There's a tree yonder. I'll climb it and take
a squint.” '
‘ He started for the tree, Will following him.
Clem hadn't taken more than a dozen steps

' through the heavy vegetation before he suddenly

disappeared right before Will’s eyes.
“My gracious!" exclaimed Ashmore. “Where

V did he go?” '

He walked forward with some caution, parting
the bushes before him, and wondering how on
earth it was that his companion had vanished
so in teriously. There was no sign of Clem or
how li: had gone from sight. -

“Clem!” called out Will. “I say, Clem! Where

have you got to?” _ _
Hereceived no answer to his hail. The ra-
vine was as silent as a tomb. _ . _
“This is deuced strange,” Will said to himself.
“I ‘can’t see where he could have gone _to in such
a rapid manner. I thought he had tripped over
something in the bushes. and looked  see him
rise up in a moment or two. I dont like this

He called out . in to his companion,.but there
was no reply. ill now began to grow 
.. “He certainly went down somewhere near this
I don't ‘see a hole of any kind. But, then,

i for a cent.”

es are so thick they might cover-——" '
The ground suddenly gave way under his
feet as he took another’ step forward, ‘and down

, he went," out of sight, like a shot.

 

CHAP'I'ER’VI.--A Fortune in Diamonds.

The, cry that rose to Will's lips was chokeduoff
by the dense mass of shrubbery that closed above
his head. He struck upon a_ hard, inclined plane,

about six feet below and shot off, feetiirst, like

’a bi liard ball from the cushion.
A owl”_ he ejaculated, with a grunt, as he

 up somewhere down in the epths of the
, si . . .

. “Hello, is that you, Will?” asked ‘a ,voice out
' of the__ darkness.

/‘My goodness! Is that you, on-;m':*' cried Will,

'  yblirrlisfee it's me; but I hardly expected

    

)3

 

to see {Ian following me by the same route,” with
“C . . -

. ' ‘.‘.‘That was ‘the swiftest slide I ever made in

‘my life," replied Will. _ _

 ﬁxes, itvwas pretty swift. It could give cards

and spades to scﬁ trolley lines that I've been
.4.” _ ,

 do you ‘think we are at?”

 we're at the bottomrof a, tobogggan,”

 ' ‘ ' C1 ,1

f,jn'yiiodyet'l1:at took the same ride on_ the seat,

 pantsthat we didgsiight easily guess
i "*......‘*’*'*'~ ‘.:*"**° .*.':°'..*:.:'*:r.:°..%.::'..:.‘-:.'..
_ . . geek“  A  . ‘

    

  

I 

   

 

TO 1". DAWN

“I think you’ve a match—safe in your pocket,”
said Clem. “Get it out and light a ucifer."

Will quickly ignited a match and the boys
looked around them. The toboggan was right be-
fore them—an inclined plane of smooth slate dis-
appearing into the darkness above at an angle»

of forty-ﬁve degrees. Behind and around them .

was a wide, earthy cavern that looked as if it had
been dug out by the hand of man.

“This must be a mine," said Will. “A dia-
mond or a gold mine. Where diamonds are found
gold almost always exists. too."

There was a lot of dried brushwood around the
floor and the boys built a small ﬁre to better il-
luminate the place. It took them a matter of-ten
minutes to explore the presumed mine. In a far-
away corner Clem fell over some obstacle in his
path. It was a bag full of some hard stuﬂ.
Bringing it within the circle of light cast by the
fire, he examined the contents. It was full of
rough pebbles similar to the one he had found
in the excavation during the first day's digging,
and which Will had declared to be a diamond in
the rough. Clem dumped a pile of them out on
the floor for his companion‘s inspection as well
as his own. Many of them showed a remarkably
brilliant and iridescent surface ‘which demon-
strated their character beyond a doubt. .

“Diamonds, every one of them!” cried Will, in
great excitement. “There must be a fortune in
that bug. Gee! What a find!"

“What makes you‘ so sure they're diamonds?”
asked Clem.

“Because I've read enough about diamond min-
ing, and the description of what. diamonds in the
rough look like. Those are the real article. After

they have been cut and polished they'll look alto-I".

gether different."

“Most of them appear to be small,” said Clan.
“There must. be a thousand or more in that bag."

“A thousand!" ejaculated Will. “You're a
poor guesser. I'll bet there two or three thou-
sand."

“Perhaps your can guess how much the lot is
worth, too?" grinned Chem. W
. “In their present state they ought to average
312 a carat. There are a hundred at least that
will fetch a specially high price by themselves.
Cutting and polishing will greatly reduce their
size, but will proportionately increase their
value.” .

“You never thought when you studied up the

diamond that your knowledge would come in -

handy one day. did you ?" _ . .
“That's right." ‘
“Now, seeing you’ve read‘ so much on the sub-

ject, you ought to know where the diamond dis-

tric§sdof”Bra/zil are ?" .
“ o

“Goodienough. That will give us a line  ‘Tu

where we are now.”

“ .

I imagine we're in the Province of hiatto 
' Grosso. one of the biggest in Brazil. It borders ‘

on Bolivia on the west, and lies mostly between
the 10th and 20th degrees of latitude.
bounded on the east by the Province of Goya. ’
Between

may called the vdiainond district of Brazil. The
most diamonds have  found in »the*last tum?

 

It is 7 J’

Goyaz and the coast lie the provinces ‘
of B hia and Nina: Genes. These four provinen "

   
  

"I think we’re in the mountains which form the
dividing line between Matto Grosso and Goya_z.
/ If so, we're all of 700 miles from the Atlantic
‘ .. in a direct line.” _ _

“Why do you think we’re in those particular
mountains. Will 7" 4 .

‘It is only a. guess on my part. because this
seems to be a proliﬁc diamond district. Judging

 ‘by the contents of this bag. and more diamonds ~

have been found in Goyaz than in Matto Grosso.
 I don't think the balloon carried us as far east as
' Bahia, nor by any means as far south as Minas
Genes-" . . .
~. . “What puzzles me, Will. is why. if all these
pebbles are real diamonds. which would make
their value considerable. they should have been
abandoned in this mine.” said Clem. —
"Don’t let that fact .worry you. I’m ready to
swear that they’re diamonds. I’m so certain of
it that if the feat were possible I’d be willing to
carry that bag. heavy as it is. all the way to
Bahia on foot-—and that would be a tramp as
~ far I guess as from New York City to Clilcazﬁ
- on the chance of getting $12 8 C8!‘§t for them-
“lf we had another bag now, Will, we would
divide the burden between us.” ,
“We'll have to get one somehow. for that s too
heavy toliig far.” . _ . n
“The first thing will be to get out of this mine.
 ""I‘hat oughtn’t to be haid. We'll take off our
shoes ‘and walk up the tobozkln to the 590$
' .where we tumbled in." _ . ,
‘gut can we carry all these diamonds up with
us . i
. ~_ “I guess we’ll make a pretty good eﬂort to do
= 7 ii.“ 'l'hey‘re worth the trouble. bet your boots.
‘I'll do my share toward helping you get thein
to some place where you can realize on their
value, though I don't expect you to divide UD
'even, as you found them." ‘
“Nonsense, Will. If we're able to carry these
toha 3l‘a1’l(§t__Y0l: shall have a square half Of
. ’ t m”_,_
V “llio, Clem; call it a third and I'll be satisﬁed.
But we've got our work cut out for us to get
" them to Bahia. or anywhere else where we-.1
gr, stand any show of selling them to advantage.
is " We can't show ourselves to those soldiers with
 - these diamonds in our possession. for they'd con-
: iscate them so quick it would make our heads
- iv

   
  
    
    

“I shouldn't like that for a cent.” _
>.“l' ‘should say not. ‘It would be losiriz 8 £0!‘-

’ “But how are we to get out of this neighbor-
hood without a guide?"

“How? Trust to luck and the sun. Wqmust
h-avel toward the east to reach Bahia. which is
a seaport of importance. from which "we can
‘hi; passage back to the United States. _ 7

‘And how about the important fact of eating’ -
To hvuft had a mouthful since breakfast. hnd
Pia rather hunzfy "
“So an I. now _ y

' rather serious problem. -I

‘that you call my attention to
must ad-

share of what

1''‘
I

FROM DARK TO DAWN

“I didn't “

Q

not a great way from here; the aucstiori is.'how
are we to find it? It is like hunting for a needle
in a haystack. for at this moment we’re actually
lost in a wilderness. In which direction shall
we strike out to ﬁnd evidences of civilization?”

“You’ve got me. Clem. It’s another case of
trustintr to luck.”

“Well, then, let's get out of this place and
make a start. The ﬁght between the soldiers
and the diamond poachers must be over by this
time. Upton has either been rescued from the
rascals. or he is still a prisoner. He’ll have to
shift for himself as far as I can see, for we have
trouble enough ahead of our own."

“You can bet your life we have.
where is that riﬂe you had?”

‘‘I dropped it when I fell into the hole.”
:1 hope it isn't lost. for we're likely to need

By the way.

it. .
“lt’s either at the foot of the hole or some-
where along the toboggan.”

It was well along in the afternoon when. after '

inﬁnite diﬁiculty, the boys reached the top of the
slippery toboggan with their bag of rough dia-
monds. The riﬂe was found stuck in the side of
the earthen wall under the hole. Clem boosted
Will up so he could clamber out into the open
air again.

The riﬂe and then the bag of diamonds were
handed up, the latter not being an easy iob.
Then catching hold of Wi1l’s hands, Clem man-
aged to scramble out of .the hole himself. There
was no longer the sound of ﬁring in the air-
Nature had resumed her unusual quietness in that
vicinity. The boys put the bag of diamonds down
in a spot where they could ﬁnd it again. and went
forward to reconnoiter the valley. They advaﬁced
with due caution toward the scene of the recent
conﬂict. -

There was not a sign either of the soldiers
or the diamond poachers. The valley was, in
fact. completely deserted. When they reached the
excavation they saw the shovels and other tools
lying around loose, which indicated that the ras-
cally band had been driven away from the place.
Several of the scoundrels lay stark and stilf in
death on the ground.

Will quickly picked up one of the riﬂes and

secured a cartridge belt. While he was ﬁlling
the empty holes with cartridges from other belts.
Clem discovered a bag containing a few diamond:
the poachers had found that morning. Furtha
on, behind a rock. he also made a most important
ﬁnd. It was the provisions brought for the
nogday mea1_of the gang. Under present cir-
cumstances this was won? its weight in gold to
the hungry boys. '
_ Clem could no help announcing the discovery
with a hurrah. delithted was he. Will ran up
to see what was the matter. and he. too. felt like
standing on his head out of sheer satisfaction.
The problem of eating for several days to come
had been satisfactorily solved.

CHAPTER Vll.—Down the River.
“Who says we don't cat,'eh‘.' chuckled Will.

. gleefully.

“Nothing could be more fortunate,’ said Clan.
“It pulls us out out of a mithty trekhsh hole.‘

1‘

 

 

  

 

 

.._ .‘  ‘ 7. ’,

“Oh. but I say," cried Will, suddenly looking
glum. “how are we going to carry it all with us,
and the diamonds. too ‘Z”

“And the riﬂes, likewise.” said Clem. lubiously.
“That’s another one of the difficulties we're up
against.” ‘

“Diﬁiculties seem to crop up on every side. I
see you’ve «got hold of another bag. We can
divide the diamonds now."

“If we didn’t have the diamonds to carry there
would be no difficulty about the food question."
‘ “That's true enough: but if we leave the dia-

, monds behind we’ll never: see.“ them again.”
4, “If we only could rig up some kind of a raft.

. _,we could ﬂoat down the river. That would save
us not only the trouble of walking. but of carry-
ing all the stuff we want to take with us." _

“That would be fine." replied Will. “The only
trouble is that the river runs‘southward and we
ought to travel eastward.” '

 “What’s the diﬁerence as long as we get away
from this place? It might carry us by or near
some town, or village where we could make such

» y arrangements as would enable us to travel to the
coast in good shape.” -
fflt seems to me that we'll have a high old
‘time making" arrangements with people who don't
_ speak our language nor we theirs. How are we
' : .—going to make ourselves understood!”

' ’ “We ought to find somebody in a town Who
can’ speak English,“ said Clem. —
.- i “Well, how about this raft matter? It suits

Jineiall right. I’d just as soon travel ﬁfty or-a

hundred miles from here without tiring myself
out as not. How can we ‘build a raft stable
enough to carry ourselves and our possessions?
Where is the wood? And where the tools to
construct it with ?" ' ' ~
= . ‘We might be able to build a make-shift out of
logs, secured together with green vines. pro-
“ vided they would hold," replied Clem.
“Where are we going to ﬁnd the logs?" .
"‘We.ll.‘I can see one now down near the water.”
._ “You’ll want to see more ‘than one before we
1} can talk raft. ‘I inov! that we have something
«to eat before we ﬁgure any more on the subject.
-« We'll go down beside the river and eat, for then
= we’ll have fresh water all ready at hand.” .
-They selected a quantity of maize cakes and

  
   
   
  
  
   
    
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
   
   
 
   
  
   
  
 

sary department and marched down to the river
bank. It was a ‘simple enough repast_ for two
hung:-.y,,boys, but they were thankful _mdeed_.t0
have anything to satisfy their appetites with.
  had ﬁnished their meal and were lO_0UI12
idly up and down the river when Will, pointing to
an object a short distance away. cried out: ' A
..“What do you-callithat?” _ _
 looked lathe direction indicated by his
 on; He saw what seemed to be a small
_ H  1 tied to‘ the shore.- Such a’ discovery
" yodtobetoogoodto-lietrue. _ n
' ‘call. it a boat if I can see straight.
ill!’ some excitemelit. “But can lt,!'e8llY’
‘."’al.“li<;!l‘>iv.-at Iggy
7 ',.wj’v""V N 'r-3  .
 logic. and so they hurried tow-

  

  

  

 angui>ieet.»fr:il' ‘to ti-
 outsto mfa iifzeiy
. 7 ‘ﬁlial: sank it

 39"‘

     

    

FROM DARK TO DAWN’

 fruits from the diamond poachers’ commis-, '

to  sure of the matter is "

    
 

I “Another serious problem solved,” said Will.‘

“We're in great luck."

Cl“We are if it doesn't leak too bad.” replied
em. ‘ ‘ a
They pulled the boat on to the shore and

dumped the water out of her. Then they found

that she did not leak at all. There was a pair

of ‘oars _fastened under the seats. C

_ ‘Nothing could be better for a short cruise

down the stream. eh. Will?” '

“That's right. Let's put the provisions on
board and then row back for the diamonds.’ -
said his companion. ‘

They lost no time in doing this. for darkness
would soon _be upon them. Will suggested that
they might Just as well put all the rifles in sight

aboard. as they probably could sell them for .

provisions._ They gathered together six. besides
several knives. Then they pulled up stream‘ to

a point near the ravine. where they had left the, 

bag of diamonds. They divided their treasure be-
tween the two bags. keeping out a number at
what they supposed to be the most valuable of
the diamonds to dispose of at the best price they
could get in order to_ meet their expenses. V
By. the time they were ready to cast oﬁ and .

begin theinvoyage _it was nearlv dark. but the ..
,skY was brilliant‘ with stars which would enable

them to see their way down the river.

“We won't even h£ve-the trouble of towing,” 

said Will. “Thecurrent is swift and will carry

us rapidly along without the "least labor on our A_'

the boat and seated himself by the tiller. ,_
“Lether go." answered Will as he jumped.in_

and took possession of the seat facing hiscomé’ '

panion. .
“Get out an oar and'push her all’ into the mi
dle of‘ the stream.” said Clem. ’ .

Will obeyed, and-they were soon gliding down’
the river /in great shape.

“Upton made the mistake of his life in not
following us.” remarked Will, presently. ‘He'd
have had a share of the diamonds and been-in
congenial society.
of Brazilian soldiers or, still in the hands of the
diamond poachers.
his situation."

The country they were passing through 
y _ _ As far as they could»; »
‘see in the night there wasn‘t a vestige of life. ;-“

not a cheerful—looking one.

The valley gradually expanded to a desolate
plateau through which they ﬂoated for several
hours before it took on a fertile look. ‘-By that

time Will was asleep. while Clem kept watch and _‘ "

guided the little craft. .

When he guessed it was near midnight ho: ’

awoke his companion and stretched hiniultoiit

    
     

/on the‘ seats for a snooze himself. In this way; _r

the nslghtwore away and daylight came. They
lbreakfosted on more maize cakes and driedefruita“

“This isn't hotel feed. but I guess it will ﬁll
the bill under the strenuous circumstances.”
grinned Will. - '

  
 

“It will ﬁll our stomachs at any tate..aad that's‘ 
“We're  ;
having strangeadventnres enough to ﬁll a hook‘ ;

all that's necessary.” replied Clem.

in at.bal1oon:carrie¢l' us away a , 
gvilletit-lira Lakeport ten days ago.‘ 7  ’

f‘That’s what we have.” nodded  
one ‘bad «=tohi..mc.;that*cvoa=e£aa maﬁa:

  

 

a . , , .
“All abroad!" shouted Clem. as he stepped into‘ 

Now he’s either with. a lot V.
In either case I-don't envy _ 

  
 

       
    

   
     
  
    

that-yf*“*"

  

 Q

would be in the wilds of‘ South America in less
than a week I should have laughed in his face.

And yet that is what has actually taken place.
.. ‘It seems like a dream. doesn't it to you. Clem ?"
 ~ ‘Call it a nightmare and y_ou’l1 come nearer
E; ,  the mark." _ . -

i “It will be a pleasant nightmare, if we can carry
the diamonds to a place where we can sell them
. ' at their actual value.”

- “Do you think we'll get $10,000 for them as
they stand?” asked Clem.» . _

- ‘Ten thousand dollars! What are you thinking
. ‘they’re worth? I wouldn’t take a cent less than
815.000 for my half.” .

“There must be over 2,000 carats at that rate."
“There are over 3,000; but half of them won't
bring over $8 or $103. carat. as they are small-
But they are gem diamonds all right. and_by. the
looks of the bag they were all originally in they
must have been dug out of the ground many
A’ years ago, when the Brazilian mines were more
7 -- productive than they ﬁre to-day”
' ‘The South African mines turn out most ‘f
,. the diamonds to-day. don’t they. 'W1N?” 8. d
. Clem.’ “I' read in the newspaper about a man
?- over in London who was called the Diamond King
3? because he controlled the business."
ii‘:1., Will nodded.
 “That lucky chap is dead now.
' eommitteed suicide.” _
‘Why? _ Because he was so rich he
 know what’ to do with his wealth?”
‘Maybe so. I think you and I could stand a
good deal of that kind of prosperity without
 off our base.” _ _ _
“What are the biggest mines in this country ?”
“The Sierra de‘ Frio. discovered in the early
,; part of the eighteenth century. They supplied
the world until the South African diamond ﬁelds
nine to the front.” ‘
‘ _ ‘What was the size of the largestdiamond ever
, - found ?" .
“Ono called ‘The Mogul.’ found in India. and
which weighed in the rough 787 1-2 carats.” .
“It must have been a corker. I shouldn’t think
any one would have had money enough to buy
19 ‘ .

 
  
  

I believe he
aim

 
   
 
  
 
    
   
   
  

Willi didn’t_ answer. as he was looking intently
down the river.

“I think there’s a village yonder. for I see
amok ,” he id. '

Clein looksgd where he pointed and saw the
smoke.

{fNo doubt we shall ﬁnd a village there. This is

where a knowledge of the native language would

‘come in very handy with us now.”

.. will got the oars out and began to row to

' . ' their speed. They soon swept around
» the curve in the stream. Much to their disav-

" peintment there was not the shzhtest slim of 8

rs

 
   
  

,...'HIe_boys saw that the smoke came from an
klnmliuit close to the river bank. _A number
  ........." W  '";°‘.i.":°.:‘ ““'°" '"°"‘‘
2’: ‘ o _
‘i“'!'Ibetatbat’stbtdetaelimoIitthathadthe

 ._.‘

“It’s ar und that turn in the river." he said. 0

FROM DARK To DAWN ".11

ﬁght with the diamond poachers yesterday," re-
marked "Clem. ’

“I guess you’re right,” replied Will.

Their presence on the river was presently dis-
covered by tlie campers, one of whom looked at
the boat through a ﬁeId—glass. This person, who
seemed to be in cominand‘of the detachment,
made certain movements with his arm. where-
upon two soldiers ran down to the bank. rifle in
hand. and hailed the boys in Portuguese. As
Clem and Will didn't understand a word the men
said they paid no attention to them. but allowed
the boat to drift on. Both men then raised their
riﬂes and ﬁred over the boys’ heads. ,

“That seems to be a signal for us to pull
ashore,” said Clem.

“Very likely,” replied Will, “and I think we'd
better do it, for the next time they might put
a ball through our bodies. Maybe they take
us for a couple of the crowd they fought yester-
day. I see the finish of our diamonds as far as
we are concerned."

“We’ve got the bags stowed under the provi-
sions so it is possible they may escape notice."
answered Clem. though he had little hope of
such a happy result.

'I‘he‘bays turned the boat toward the shore and
soon reached it. They were ordered to land.
Though the words of this command were unin-
telligible to them, the gestures accompanying it
were perfectly plain. so they Rot out of the boat
and.were seized by the two soldiers who, without
paying any attention to the boat. which drifted
oil’ a short "distance and then grounded just
out of sight. marched them to the encampment.

_»They were brought before the oﬁicer, who
viewed them with a stem and forbidding coun-
tenance.

“Who are you ?” he demanded in Portuguese.

Clem shook his head as an intimation that they
did not understand what he said.

“Tell him we are Americans.” whispered Will.

Clem did so.

“Americans, eh ?" replied the oﬂicer, looking
at them very hard and by no means favorably.
“What are you doing out here ?" he added. sus-
piciously.

Clem shook his head again. .

“You do not understand Portuguese!’ he said,
in some surprise, but accompanied with a look
that seemed to say that he had his doubts on the
subject. -.\

Another shake of the ‘head from Clem.

‘Search them!” commanded the oﬁicer.

The soldiers went through the boys’ pockets
and pulled out. among the various articles and

coins the boys had in their pockets, the half

doien rough diamonds each 

“Aha!” exclaimed the oﬁcer. ﬁercely. “Dia-
monds. eh‘! You helongto that band of 1-‘sun,
who are giving me so much trouble. You say
you do not speak Porhltllese. You Americans

think to pull the wool over my eyes. I am no A

fool! You shall go to prison. I promise you.
Away with them to yonder tent. and one of you
stand guard over them." .

The oﬁcer stroked his flowing mustache and

_plac_edthedi.unonds in hispoekehwhilethetwo ‘
soldiers grabbed the boys  by the  "17

and pushed them toward the tentinquestion.
vTh.ey were shoved wiﬂilittle eerelnonyimido

 
   
 
 
 
 
    

   
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
    
  
   
    
   
    
    
 
  
   
  
  
    
  
   
   
  
    
  
  
  
   
 
   
   

‘I2

-. ’ of the canvas folds and left to reflect upon this
s - lastest stroke of hard luck. _

“Gee!” exclaimed Will, with a blank look.
“we're up against it again. We've lost both our
freedom and a fortune in diamonds at one blow.
What are we zoing to do, Clem ?" _ _

“I don’t see that we can do anything but grin

and bear it,” replied his chum.

' “That oﬂlcer handled us without gloves. espe-
cially when those diamonds were found in our
pockets. I’ll bet he takes us for members- of
that gain! they tackledglesterday.” 3

“I wouldn't be surprised. We're at a terrible
. disadvantage, not bel'Il1:l' able 30 talk the language

of the country. It is impossible for us to make
any explanation of who we are_and in what a
remarkable way we came into this part of South
America.” I _ i ‘M

“I don't believe he’d believe any statement we

might make if. we could talk the language. _He
would say that our coming here from the United
States in a balloon was ridiculous." _

“We could tell him where the remains of the
‘balloon is to be found. not so many miles from
here, That ought to be proof enough to bear
' 5 us out.”

“What's the use of talking? We couldn't get
him, to‘ understand our story to save our lives. I
, wish to gracious we'd never gone to Lakeport
’ to see the balloon go- up. My father and.mother
 are crazy over my disappearance by this time.

T’ and goodness knows when we'll ever get out of
"this country and back to Louisiana." _ 7

After a little while the boys veered out through
the opening of the tent to satisfy their curiositv
as to their surroundings. There were about a
 tents in the encampment. but they could See
. anlydialf a dozen soldiers all‘ told. It looked as
if most of the soldiers were away somewhere.
"1 The boys ﬁnally concluded. and correctly. too.
i that‘ this was not the detachment which had at-
.tacked the diamond poachers the day ‘before, but
1~«7a- small section of it which had remained behind
‘to, watch the camp. ,

, . ‘The main body are no doubt trying to exter-
Lmgtate the gang before returning to camp. said

a ‘fVery likely.”.admitted Clem. “They will prob-
ably‘ bring back some prisoners. ‘Upton among
them, possibly. Then if the rascals_ only tell

' the truth about us we may get out of this scrape."

.g,“What1bothers me more than anything else is

Ftliejloss of those diamonds.” said Will discon-

“I, had calculated on making a good

f my share.” ' y 

 ‘suppose that ﬂlcer has got_ possession of
 bags by this time,” replied _Clem. “It

f will mean a good many dollars in his pocket.”
- '““It's a blametfshame. so it is. We are rlizh?

tpllfentitled to that treastlre. for We found It

 "down in that abandoned Thine. But. even
give eould speak Portuguese like a native we

%.
'5‘

:5
3

  

sflimeht chap-‘,3 got their «ten. fingers on them.”

  
 

.4“

doubts about our being able to get‘ those
i lace "where we might have a

 

- FROM VDARK xro DAWN I

5la'993.<¥ll"t recover those {diamonds once these gov-,

  aay the honest -truth, Will, I had’ 'is dark and the camp is quiet.

«andsneakth ‘L y "

 

interview them again in Portugese. evidently. be-
lieving they were lying when they said they did
not understand the language, for it seemeii
ridiculous that two boys would come way out
to that province without the ability to make them- .
selves understood. Then. again. he argued that
they must have some strong object for being in
that unsettled part of Brazil-—and what object .
could entice them to the diamond district, but
the intention of digging for the gems on the quiet, .
which was against the law.,for the government
exercised a strict surveillance over the diamond
industry.

The oﬂicer pointed at the dozen rough dia-
monds that had been -taken from their pockets.
and _now lay on his camp table. and jabbered
ﬁercely at the lads. He made threats of punish-
ment that would have made them uneasy if‘ they
had been able to translate the words, and. brow-
beat them in every way he could, thinking to,
bring them to terms; but it had aslittle effect
on them as water on a duck’s back, though they .
could easily see that the officer was furiously "
angry. Finally he gave up the effort to get any-
thing out of them for the present. and ordered .
them to be taken back to the tent and bound. 

Their hands were tied behind their backs and‘ ,
their ankles secured in the same manner. After ‘=1
that it wasn't considered necessary to keep a’.
guard over them. Early in the afternoon they
were furnished with plain black bread and water
for dinner, which rations were duplicated about “-
sundown. — — ‘ ‘

“These chaps don’t mean to pamper our an-. :
petites,” growled Will..who didn't like the prison
fare for a cent. _ ~ 4 J__ —

“We won't get fat on it, that's ‘a fact; but’ "
I've ‘sat down to pretty nearly as rocky a meal - 2
at Mr. Fowler’s on sundry occasions when Mrs, ~i
F. had a grouch on." grinned Clem. “Now look 
here, Will. I'm thinking that, we ought to make» a
an attempt to give these ‘chaps the leg bail .
before the rest of the detachment get back. I “ .
tlliought the others would show up long before’-

t is. . ;
“How are we going to do it, when we’re bound ‘ '
like a pair of chickens ready for the market?" ‘ -, I

“Well. I haven't been idle this afternoon. I've 
got a small hand. and have been working more 5
or less steadily at my bonds for several hours ’
past while talking to you, an?! now I've got the
rope loose enough so thatl can draw one hand, j
out at any moment. and the other will follow as 
a matter of course.” ‘ . ' _ F.

“You have "I" cried Will, hopefully.  » 

“Yes. Then with my jack-knife. which that, 
chap, who searched me returned to my pocket, A 
‘I could easily cut my angles free. and after 
that" your bonds would come all as easy as wink-‘ .--s ‘f

 
  
 

  
 

1112. V v “ .
3 “That's all right. but don't you suppose ‘some: I
body would see us the moment we walked’ out
through the flap door?’ .3 y. 9 3 
“I don’t propose to make the attempt un‘ lit ' *

' Furthermore,

my plan is notto go out the front way. as 
tents’ face the open space where a guard vmb: K
ably marches fup and.,dov_m- ' night. It will 
seas)’ to slit an Afnenmg in e back’ of this but

  
       
    

 
  

   
  

    
 

  

  

 , “We must trust to luck."
’ “It is probable we shall find the boat down by
the shore, though the diamonds are likely to be
_missing.” _
“I’m not so sure they were taken from the
boat.”
“Why not?” ,
= “When we were receiving that jawing in the
. commander’s tent I looked around for the bags,
but didn’t see a sign of them. Then, again, you
remember he made a great how-de-do about those
few stones he got from our pockets. It looks to
me as if he did not suspect that we had any
more in the ﬁrst place.”
“That’s so,” said Will. with a hopeful expres-
, , sion. “Still it seems singular that the boat was
?’ ‘not examined. There were six riﬂes in it be-

' ‘sides the cartridge belts, provisions and the
diamonds.”

“These Brazilian soldiers are a slo_uchy lot, I
i‘ guess._ When we stepped ashore this morning
those two soldiers seized and marched us right
before their oﬁcer and never looked at the boat,
nor made an attempt to secure it. _ I'll bet that
boat ﬂoated off down the river on its own hook,
and that whether we escape or not we'll never see
it again.” _

“Gee! I hope not,” replied Will, blankly. “I
' want to recover those diamonds."

,“There are a good many things we all want
in this world that we don't get just the same.”

answered Clem. truthfully.

‘ '_ The boys continued to talk until it grew dark,

. and then a soldier with a lantern entered the
A a tent and in a perfunctory manner examined their

bonds. Apparently satisﬁed they were all right,
; he dragged the boys in turn to the bunk that
‘ occupied the center of the tent. and then left
them in the dark.

CHAPTER IX.—'I'he 

_ “It looks as if this is the last  we'll have
‘I « to-night,” said Clem to his companion. _
' ‘.‘I‘guess so. That chap appeared to be satis-
ﬁed that we would not be able to give them any
,.- .. uble," replied Will. ‘
3* ’ “Then here is where we turn the tables on
, them," answered Clem, drawing one of  hands
1  out of bondage. the other quic’klY f0ll0W11lK- “YOU
7 see my hands are free. dont You?" he added.
. seizing -Will by the arm. M

“You are all to the mustard. Qlem.

“The next thing is to cut my ankles loose and
then release you.” ' .

Clgm put his hand in his pocket, drew out his
" knife, and in three minutes both boys stood up.
free of their bonds. . -
— “Now,” said Clem. “go to the ﬂap and pee}; 01113
“while I slit a hole in the back of the tent._ _
C twill did so. and he saw ﬁve_ soldiers sitting
around the camp-ﬁne which  the fronts
at all the tents, while a_sixth marched up and
down. doing sentry duty.

- ‘It would be impossible for us to escape from
’**=....*'°“....‘.-.°f..*':*'..*'~s was *".:‘::.‘?:..°5
’ e sea a .
as he observed the condition of

‘Our only chance 18- to crawl
‘  proposed. Clem
bldsedvif he hasn’t." V

 
   

    
   
 
 
 
   
  
   
   
    
  
  
 

FROM DARK TO DAWN

 
 

13

At that moment he heard his companion call
to him in a low tone.

“Come on, Will. I've made a hole big enough
to let a barrel through. We haven’t any time
to lose.”

Ashmore didn’t need to be told twice, but hur-
ried over and followed Clem into the night air.
Clem got down on his hands and knees and
crawled away into the darkness, followed by
Will. Lambert led their retreat around toward
the commander's tent, which stood off by itself in
the direction of the river. A moment before he
had seen the ofﬁcer come out of his tent and
walk toward the ﬁre. Instantly a daring, and '
perhaps foolish, idea had occurred to him.

He wanted to regain those dozen diamonds,
which were among the best of their find, and he
had seen the Brazilian officer place them in the
drawer of his camp table during the interview
the boys had with him. If they were still there
he was going to get them if he could.

“You go on as far as that tree yonder,” he
whispered to Will: “I’ll be with you in a mo-
ment.”

_ “What are you going to do Y” asked his chum,
ln some surprise.

“No matter. Do as I tell you.”

“All right," acquiescec. Will, moving cautiously
away, but nevertheless wondering what purpose
Clem had in view. .

Clem crawled in. to the :cmmander’s tent. slit
up a big opening .n the C.."lVaS and crept inside.
A light burned on the table, which showed that
the ofﬁcer would no diubt be back soon. Clem
didn't lose a second but hurried up to the table.
pulleJ open the.drawer and looked in. Sure
enough, to- his great satisfaction. there lay the
twelve rough diamonds. He couldn’t remove them
all at the first grab, but as his ﬁngers closed
over the balance the oﬂicer raised the ﬂap of his
tent to re-enter. .

Clem saw the commafider’s ﬁgure, and the
commander saw his outline bending over the
table, and took the boy for one of his soldiers,
who, of course, had no business to be there. See-
ing that he was caught in the act, Clem, with
admirable presence of mind. overthrew the table,

‘the lamp going with it. For a moment the in-
terior of the tent was shrouded in darkness,‘and
the boy dashed for the slit in the canvas and
made his escape just as the lamp exploded under
the officer’s bed.

The thunderstruck commander ‘roared out a
command. which drew the attention of the men
about the fire to him. They sprang to their
feet and ran toward the tent where the ignited
oil from the shattered lamp had set the bed on
{i‘i,‘_el.l By that time Clem dashed up alongside of

i . - .

“Come,” he said, in an excited whisper, “we

_must cut itquick.”

 

_He rushed of toward the river, followed by. , f‘
Will. Behind them there was a great hullaboo . -
around the ollicer’s burning canvas habitation.
“What's happened?” queried Will. as soon as ._
thr" paused at the river bank. 
“Don’t bother asking questions now. The fat .
czar” 1*‘

isintheﬁreandwellbeluckyto ,
safety. We must,try and ﬁnd our -
“I don‘t believe it's here at all.” replied Will. .-
‘ltoldyoulthoughtithadﬂoatedawaylq .
axe.’ , -
1 ! ~ . ‘,

 
   
 
   

      
 
     
    
    
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
  

  

FROM DARK To l)AWN

f‘,Maybe it has. butVI' want to make sure," an- right. and the two boys ceased to talk about V
swered Clem. it, but turned their attention to ﬁguring on the ’ ‘“
They ran along the bank, keeping their eyes future. -
skinned for some trace of the boat. Behind them I
l a glare of light ﬂashed up in the air as the ﬁre ‘ . -
caught on the canvas of the commander's tent CHAPTER X.--Captured Again.
and rendered all hope of saving it futile. '
 “By George!” cried Will. suddenly. “If there Had it been a bright starlit night. like the
l isn't the boat after all. ashore on that bit of evening previous, the boys probably wouldn‘t V
A beach.” ~ have got out of their scrape as easily, as they , 
Clem saw it almost at the same instant, and did. The Brazilian soldiers would have been able '
the boys made a wild break for it. At that mo- to have seen them clear across the not over-wide’
» merit their ﬁgures wereseen in the circle of light river, and would doubtless have made their pas-
thrown by the fire. and the ofﬁcer’s attention sage down the stream so warm that the lads ‘
called r to them. He issued .a volley of orders would have to take to the shore to escape their ;
‘just as the ﬂeeing lads stepped into the boat bullets. The darkness of the night in that re- 
and pushed out on the river. A soldier rushed spect favored the boys. but in another it operated Q
to thetent where the prisoners had been conﬁned, against them. They intended to to down the "
while the other ran to get their riﬂes, Clem river till they reached the neighborhood of some
in the meantime seized the oars and pushed as town. but their intention wasifor the time be- _ 1
hard as he could-to get over to the other bank in: at last frustrated by the current of 
‘ and out of range of the ﬁrelight cast by the stream carrying them into a creek; The thick- '
burning. tent. A couple of bright ﬂashes. fol- gloom which hung over the face of nature that
lowed by sharp reports and the hum of a pair of night prevented them from noticing that they
bullets close to their heads. showed the boys they ‘had diverged from the course. Had they been \
were still withinthe danger zone. Clem pulled in the middle of the river this would not have ‘ 
like a good. fellow, and the boat vanished from occurred; but even after they lost track of the
the sight of the soldiers just as they ﬁred again. pursuing soldiers they: kept close to the opposite

T ,f‘Gee!” cried Will. “thatowas a close call. They’ bank, and so the current that, swept into the
can't reach us now unless they have a boat. and creek carriedt e boat in with it, and until they
I~dnn't believe they’ve got one.” ’ had gone near y half a mile, and got entangled ";
~ "fH8rk!” exclaimed Clem. “They’re running in the shallows, they supposed they were stiller 
 the other side of the river trying to locate ﬂoating down the river. a —

for a shot. They may hear the oars, so I'm “Say, where are we at, anyway ?” asked Will,
going to stop rowing‘ and let the boat d_l'lft." at last. “We must have got switched off the y;
r ntly several spurts of ﬂame lit up_ the » river somehow." . 
 of the_opposite bank. but the boys didn't “Looks like it. doesn’t it ?” replied Clem. “'I'h‘ere
 the music of the bullets. _The soldiers had’ isn't two feet of water here," he added. feeling
 at random. not being‘ able ‘to make around with an oar. _ ‘ ’ ' T 
 boat. By that tunerthe Brazilian com- _ “Seemsto bea lot of rank vegetation around ‘ ;
anander’s tent was reduced to ashes. and soon us, too," said Will. » y I . is
after ahead in the river shut out the view of “We'll either have to turn around and try to:
a distant‘ camnﬁre from the boys-_ There Was get back to the river again or stay here till "
no further, sound or ﬁrms or _pursmt._and Clem moming,= when we'll be able to get a true line
and Will bexan to breathe camera . on_ our position once more.”
 ' ‘Howl tell me what you rdJd.- Clem. when you “How far do you think we're below that camp?’
» me that tgrie?’ askedthyill. eagﬁlﬁ. “What indxlxirled Will. ~
on! ‘it was ' c aroused gamp was i e “ aven't any idea; but it must be several "
" E18901 the oﬁcei-’s tent talunz ﬁre.”. ‘mi1es." _ V  T
Well. I made up my mind to recover those “Do you think those chaps will pursue an iv A ;
diamond: the soldiers took from us when the com- the mormmr?” « _ ; » 
‘,jun1{;ler ordered us to be searched.f’ I “I wouldn't be at all surprised but they will!‘

" ’“ on dog’: mean it!" gasped. Will,"amazed at “Then ii we kept to the river they would prob-‘
,coInp,¢nion'a.darin¢/ . T . ably head us off mlthe courstgsof the day."
Ihdo "mean it; and I've got them in my pocket “Ilfd they followed us long enough I think‘ they, “
ggwu ' l wou. ‘ -‘..“ 

’ Y ’ , /, l“Thep we'd better stay where we are, don’:
V have. Just as I —1zpt‘_the last of them in you think?" _ _ ' ; 
 ﬁctzthe oﬂieer suddenly -re—entered his tent “I think we had until dayhzhtl’ _ l ’
 §‘ht’me.”. Al _' y » “Thenthe best thing can do1stoxo,ashm-ea
33417113: did cyan do?" . and have a good night's rest in the shrubburysl

£1  the table A with the ‘lamp that I'm sure from lying across the seats last nlttht.‘

on it. ~ It  set the tent on Clem thouazht V_V1ll's,nuz_2estionl:rood. andthor
..sJlItheoonfu§iou,’w.ereachedrthe boatand decidedto ontxgrhcytxedtheboattoastqse,
‘1ia'gstartu;ofneeded.totakousouto¢'sizht.founda restmzspotnoarathandaudau:

 _  ,  _ _, b lonxwere sleeping-soundly._Tho
?.,;;;;hnuoui  -
Eb} ~cha;nnt.,   pﬁilgpkg

T 14

i .

I

 

/ «-n .,m “

  
  
  
  
  
 
 
   
 
         
       

 

 

  
 
      
  

     
  
    
 
     
  

          
      

    
  
    
   
 
 
 
   
  
 
   
   
  
  
    
  
  
   
  
     
  
   
     

,~ .v . ‘
.- o- . I \

hf‘_Yoi; can’: tell. This may be anisolated habi-
“If I could talk the lingo of the country I’d go

“It is a great world. isn't it ‘.”" grinned Clem.

:"?*If it's all the same to you. we’ll sample those
provisions in the boat. for I feel starved out
 that bread-and-water diet we had’ yester-
 Yo ’
. A‘shmore was more than willing to eat. and so
,._the boys breakfastcd.
“Now,” said Clem, when they were through, “as
‘ ifs more than likely we'll have to do some walk-
inirbefore long, I vote that we try and reduce
the ‘burden we've got to carry."
v “In what way?” '
' “Well, I think we’d better sort over the dia-
_-monds and keep only the biggest ones-——those that
' will pan out as least a carat er cutting. We’ve
A. lot of good-sized stones in‘ he bag that ought
to be”worth a handful of the small ones. These
,.should bring us a good price as they stand. I
. ' we can aﬁ'ord to throw out all the very
small ones in order to increase our chances of
saving the really good ones.”
.' “But the smallest we've got will fetch $8 a
carat at least. Ibt’s lielile wrlciwing ‘away so much,
wood may.” 0 iee i ’ .
..~rmaiii§». after some argument on the subfiect,
Qreistones were-sorted over and 300 very small
specimens wereethrown out. .. .
.~. ".This»:is evidently a- creek we wandered into
iastynight in the dark." said Will. looking at the
,., narrow watercourse at the head of which the
' but lay. a V _ _
I ’ "Yes,I guess it's a creek. all right." acquiesced
. 1 iﬁem. ‘ “Hello. here's somebody coming this way
““‘ rruuhe direction of the river. Blessed if it
,‘'?;doesn’t look like Upton. I wonder if it really

auntie‘

   
     
  
 
  
  
  

hi 2":
They wlistched the slow and toilsome approach
of the newcomer with -some interest. until. the‘
diet became evident to then: that it actually
‘ ‘Upton Fowler who was drawing near.

’ ‘Ewell. he certainly looks as it he’d been up
against an exti-a_'slice of hard luck since» we
aawhiin last.” said Will '
A."'£hatls what he does. He _seems hardly able
'3 draw one leg after another." _ . _

. man did. not notice them until he got quite
‘aaagand then not until Ashmore_ hailed ‘l'l1!!,l.
stopped and‘stared at them as if he couldnt
. ' ‘ "his eyes. then he made a dash forward
-.  down in a heap at their feet. They

' ound out that Upton was almost starved.

~ him as much of their Dio-

' an hecould cot. Then he told them that
diamond poachers had ﬁnally been dislodged
tluir advantageous ‘position anion: the-"
 driven on out of ,tho’ valley. the’
. , miisuirig tlnrn. ‘» ‘Hint he had finally
enough 3,0 seek ‘shelter in

 
  
   
     
  
    
   

    
   
 
  

  
 
  

     
  

   
 

 
 

it EROM DARK TO DAWN

 she

‘I5

“Well, you look it. Upton," said Will.

“Is that your boat?” asked Upton.
did you get it?"

“Just you listen and I’ll tell you what we’ve
been through since we lost you.”

“While you’re telling it, Will.” said Clem, “I'll
walk over to that house and see if I can secure
a fresh supply hf eatables. Now that there’s
three of us again. what we have won’t last long."

He picked up a handful of "the small diamonds
they had cast aside. put them in his pocket and
started off, while Will began to entertain Upton
with an account of the adventures Clem and
himself had experienced since they parted com-

“Where

pany with him during the ﬁght between the -

soldiers and the diamond poachers. ,,.

For reasons. he suppressed the fact of their
discovery of the bag of rough diamonds in the
deserted mine, merely stating how they had
slipped down the slate toboggan and afterward
made their exit from the hole by the way the
had got in. Clem. in the meanwhile, proceede
on to the distant house, wondering how he would
be able to make his wants known. The necessity
of procuring a fresh supply of provisions. how-
ever. urged him to make the best eﬁort he
could to accdmplish that end. He approached
the rear of the house as being the most‘ likely
place where he might expect to find some mem-
ber of the family at that our. Smoke was
ascending from the chimney of a one-story ad-
dition, which he judged to be the kitchen. and
consequently be guessed that breakfast was un-
der way. He was within a few -yards of the
door when suddenly the shrill scream of a woman
broke upon the still air.

,The scream was repeated in such’ a tone as
seemed to indicate that the person was in trouble.

“Good gracious!” exclaimed Clem. “What can
be the matter ?" ‘ ‘

He dashed forward with the intention-of lend-
ing his aid if that was necessary. The screa was
a third time repeated. and it came from a room
just ahead of the kitchen annex. Clem didn't
stand on ceremony about entering the house un-
der the circumstances. He sprang through the
kitchen door. crossed the room at a bound. and,
clearing the adjoining entry In no time. at all,
appeared at the door of the room beyond. Here
a table was spread with dishes and eatables at

‘which two men were seated. while a third was

struzzling with a young and ‘pretty girl. who
was trying to beat him ad‘. .

“He had his arms around her and was trying‘ «
to kiss her against her will. his companions look-i ‘

ing on and enjoying the contest The girl was‘
strong and active.
who had hold of- her. and whose actions showaﬁ
thathe was soinewh 1: tipsy.
‘she didn't intend to

all in his favor. Clem. who was a. natural
anon of any woman '

but no match for the fellow  U

_ It was clear  it 
V kissed by her assailant  "
could help herself. but the chances were

 

  

  

it is’ I

room._ and the three men stared at him in angry
astonishment. It was then for the ﬁrst time
that the boy noticed they were attired in the
garb of soldiers.‘

“What do you mean. you rascal. by abusing
that girl?" cried Clem. forgetting in his excite-
ment that he was addressinz people to whom the
English language was as intelligible as the Chi-
nese jargon.

His voice broke the spell.

“By thunder!" exclaimed one of the soldiers.
in Portuguese, springing to his feet. “this is one
of those boys we're after. Grab him!”

Before Clem had quite grasped the situation
the three men were upon him. and. in spite of a
vigorous esistance on his part. he was over-
thrown a d his hands bound with a leather
strap.

‘CHAPTER XI.——Tricking the Enemy.

Clem was pulled on his feet and forced into a
chair in a corner. while the men returned to
‘the table to ﬁnish their interrupted meal. The
boy now had an opportunity to realize that he
had inadvertantly placed himself in the hands
of his eneinies—-soldiers who he guessed had been
. sent out to cut of! the escape of himself. and
,his,compa.nion. He noticed that they occasionally
bestowed triumphant and malicious glances on
him as they ‘hurried down their food in their
eagerness to start out after the other escaped
prisoner. whom they naturally Judged to be hid-
ing in that vicinity. i _
‘ The girl did not show up_near the house again
V " while the soldiers were eating. As°far as Clem
[could see. no other member of the family that
lived there was about the place. The men at
length rose from the table and prepared to go
in search of their prisoner’: compan1on—at least
two Of them were to undertake that cheerful
duty while the third. the half tipsy chap. was
to remain and guard Clem. In order to make
’ aure of their prisoner. they got a rope and tied
him to the chair. _ _ _
Then the sober pair took their rides and de-

 

   
  
  
  
   
  
     
  
 
 
 
    
     
   
     
 
 
   
    
 
       
 

 

soldier sat in front of Clem with his ride across
' knee. and amused himself telling the boy
"in Portuguese what he might expect in the way
of punishment for his esmpe of the night he-
. As C-lcin,didn’t understand a word _he
' ' .. the terrors of his conversation were Quite
on the boy. Fifteen minutes _ in this
and then Clem. who was facing the open
saw tho~airl’s face appear at the open-
The soldier's back was toward her. and
y he did not know she was there.
’ Clean _ed at her. and she at Clem. but the
be made no move to betray her presence-
.’ inally ‘she appeared to «understand

5'

    

  

5.

  
 
 

 

        
 
      
      
      
    
  

  

 him out of '
appcaredth:,t lt§~

on their mission. The partly intoxicated '

the situa- A

the house. "The asccntof the loft

FROM DARK T0 DAWN

quickly she dashed a handful of ﬁne connamon
dust into his face. The soldier screamed out with
pain and staggered to his feet. His riﬂe clat-
tered to the ﬂoor, the chair fell over. while the
stricken man. swearing and crying out in Portu-
guese. groped ‘for the door.

The girl. without a word. seized a knife from
the table. quickly cut Clem‘s bonds and pointed
at the window. The boy seized both her hands
gratefully in his and pressed them fervently.
Then he started for the window. But he made
no attempt to get out. for at that moment he
heard the sound of voices and approaching feet.
and a rapid glance showed him the two soldiers '
returning to the house with Will and Upton
in their custody.

The two boys had been discovered and caught
off their guard at the creek. and e easy’
victims. The menhad only expected to ﬁnd‘ one
boy. and the presence of two rather astonished
them. However. they wasted no time ﬁguring
the matter out, but took charge of both. Clem.
perceiving that escape by the window seemed to
be out of the question, looked hurriedly around
for some other means of making himself scarce.

The girl. who had also become aware of the
return of the tipsy’s soldier’s companions. showed
by her countenance that she was not a little
alarmed thereat.‘ She motioned to a closed door
on one side of the room. and then ran into the
entry. from which she escaped by a door opening
on the opposite side of the house. Clem under .-
stood the»girl’s pantomime. He jumped for the 
door. openedxit and found ' _ in a_ ', T
hallway with a stairway before him. The stairs ‘
instantly suggested to him a method of opera-_ T

tion.

It is true he did not have time to elaborate
the plan. and fully determine what he should do
when he went upstairs; but the general idea that
he could drop out of a window and escape from .
the other side of the house struck him forcibly.
and he impulsively embraced the opportunity thus 
presented. The building he found was a_very 13.
ordinary rural dwelling. of two stories. with a ‘
sloping roof. It was rudely constructed. and '
very, imperfectly ﬁnished. On ascending the .-
stairs, Clem reached a large. unﬁnished apart-
ment, which was used as a storeroom. From
it opened other rooms. the doors of which were
closed. As Clem cautiously threw up one of. ..
the windows he heard the voices of the return-‘ 
ed soldiers raised in great excitement. They had‘ .‘ 1;
discovered their comrades washing out his only i I
at the kitchen sink. and showing every evidence‘ ‘
of extreme pain. They could get no intelligible ._
explanation from him. and fearing their prisoner
was at‘the bottom of it. and had in some way ‘
-managed to free himself. one of them rushed
into the eating-room to ﬁnd their suspicions re-

.- -:r!a..*7£ r- ‘

   
   

Afraid that he might be seen by the soldiers
from one of .the_windorw_s below deterred Glen .
from adopting his ﬁrst idea of escape. and he?‘
looked around the room for some nook in which ‘
to hide. No place of concealment. which wapr ’
apparently suitable for in! purpose. presented if»
self‘ and, without loss of time. he
lax-is cheat and ascondedto _ .
the boamsswero not ﬂoored m

 I

 

hateful. There were’none_of those convenient
cubby holes which American houses contain,
wherein he could squeeze himself with any hope
of escaping notice from the watchful eyes of a
searcher who might take it upon himself to
, investigate that part of the building.
There were two small windows in the loft, both
without sashes, /which had been boarded up to
-' _ exclude the wind and the rain‘. This job on the
one nearest to where Clem stood had been done
by a bungly hand. and had never been more than
 half done. The wood was as rotten as punk,
and without diﬂiculty, and without much noise,
the boy succeeded in removing the board which
had covered the lower part of the opening. Clem
stuck his head out to reconnoiter the roof. and
found his nose within a few inches of a wide
chimney which was built on the outside of the
dwelling. The idea at once struck him that
if he could get to the top of that chimney he
could lower himself inside, out of sight. and
thus effectually outwit the enemy. The only ob-
jection to this ‘course was that he might slip all
the way down inside the chimney and reappear
in an opdi ﬁreplace below before the coast was
clear. To reach the top of the chimney from
 the small window was, he saw, rather a diiiicult
gr piece of gymnastics. Still the thing was pos-
_ aible. and the urgency of the occasion fully war-
‘ , ranted the risk he would have to face.
‘ While he was considering the problem he heard
 sounds on the stairs below which convinced him
* “ ‘that a search of the house had been begun. and
therefore it.behooved him to get a move on if he
expected to save himself. ‘Clem was as agile as a
young monkey, and his muscles were strong as
‘steel. He climbed out of the window. and. sup-
" porting himself by a narrow stone projection that
ran all the way around. the house. he caught
holdoftherimoftheroo. _ ‘
Testing the stabihty of this. and judging that
it would easily bear his weight, he pulled him-
self up by his arms alone. and then by a quick
i and successful cast of one leg. secured a pre-
- carious hold on the roof. Then he moved slowly
and cautiously till he reached the chimney,
—‘ against which he braced his left elbow and
; . scrambled wholly upon the roof. The maneuver
.. so far was successful—-all that now remained was
-, to insert himself into the chimney, and he pro-
ceeded to do this without loss of time.

3'-"V 1|; Ky-_-r -2,1  >3

   
   
   
 
   
 
   
    
   
  
   
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
   
 

 CHAPTER XII.—A Fire Alarm.

; As Clem sat for a moment or two on the top
 of the chimney, with his legs down the flue, he
" ghnced about upon the mash’ y landscape.
,~ Nearly a mile away he coul detect the ser-
_  jentine course of the river. The creek,-too, up
 which they had blimdered during the night. was
-‘ right under his eyes. with their boat tied at
 head of it. There were ﬁelds around the
house in various degrees of cultivation. and out-
Iousce. several horses in a _
evidences that this was a in Brazilian farm,
 rtosaytherewasnosxno men
, the place. Around the rner of a
Iarby outhouse he saw the girl standing.
a _whether she saw him in that airy height or not
could not say. but sh_e seemed to be loo'king

FROM DARK To DAWN

‘chimney. He walked

ure. and -other .

17

directly at him. Clem allowed his body to slide
down into the chimney as far as his arms-pits,
and with his head exposed he waited calmly for
his enemies to-get tired of looking for him.
He wished he could think of some plan by which
he could rescue Will and Upton from the sal-
diers below, as well as get of? himself, but he
could hit upon nothing that promised the slight-
est degree of success. While he was pondering
upon their critical situation he heard sounds close
by just below him.

“Can it be that one of the soldiers has sur-
mised how I made my escape from the inside of
the building. and is trying to trap me in the
chimney?" he asked himself.

_He pulled himself up a little and looked cau-
tiously_ down at the window through which he
had gained the roof. His suspicions proved true.
The Brazilian had noticed the removal of the
board from the window, and had seen the boy's
track in the dust, and he believed their prisoner
was somewhere on the roof.

.The noise Clem noticed was his efforts to swing
himself up on the coping so that he could see
if the boy was on top of the house. Discovery
appeared to be.certain unless Clem dodged en-
tirely out of sight, and descended far enough
in the darkness of the chimney to prevent his be-
ing seen. He essayed to do this before it he-
came too late. But chimney locomotion had not
been a part of Clem’s education. and he found
it an extremely diﬂlcult matter to brace his
knees in such a scientiﬁc manner as to maintain
a secure hold on the bricks which were wholly
free of soot. or any projections that might have
aided him. The result was that as soon as he
released his grip on the top of the chimney he
began to slip right down. and it was only by the
most desperate eiforts that he prevented his
descent from becoming an absolute fall.

Down he went. sometimes a foot at a time’

and sometimes a whole yard or more. His jacket
and trousers suffered greatly from contact with
the bricks. It was dark as pitch in the narrow
verticle tunnel. and only by glancing up at the
opening at the top could he form any idea of
how far down he was. Finally his feet came in
contact with the bottom, and then he wondered
where the ﬁreplace was. By tapping around with

_his list he found that the opening was closed

by a board screen. He pushed on it and one
side gave away. Glancing through the crack he
found himself looking into a fairly well fum-
ishcd room. probably the best in the house.
_Exert:lnR some strength he moved the screen
far enough to enable him to step out of the wide
_ over to one of the doors.
opened it cautiously and saw the hall and the

stairway up which he had beat his retreat at the.‘

first alarm.

“I might get the best of these rascals by a
bold move.’ he thought. ‘There are only three
of them all told. One I guess is out of busi-
ncss——the chair that taught the red dust in his
eyes. A second is now on the roof, or trying
to reach it. That leaves only one able-bodied
fellow to be reckoned with. Nothing ventured
nothinz Rained. l’ll see what I can do to help
my companions and myself to give these fellows
the slip!’ -

l-lecrossedthohallandlistenedatthedoor
opening upon the eating-room. He heard will
( i I T!

1
 ‘ 1..

  

 , Jzhe ‘chimney.

 

«K I    » 3;  rj" ~,. _ .3 "

 (‘FROM DARK.TO‘DAW_N -. _- V '. .

and Upton talking together. Slowly he opened
the door and poked his head in. There sat his
companions each tied to a chair with their backs
to him. He heard the voices of the two soldiers
in the kitchen, the entry door being wide open.
.Making up his mind what to do, he walked into
the room and showed-himself suddenly to Will
and Upton, holding up his hand for silence.

With the same knife that the girl had used
to liberate him 'he cut the boys loose. The sol-
diers’ riﬂes -stood piled against a chair.
silently po'mted at them, and each took posses-
sion of one. Then he led the way to -the open
window and lowered himself outside. Will and
Upton followed in turn. Clem led them around
to the front 01 the house.
Wfﬁvhere have you been hiding, Clem?” asked

i . ~

“I went to the roof. and discovering that I was
followed I came down through the big chimney,”
he answered. _

“You don’t say. Well, your clothes look as if
you'd been through a mill.” said Will. “You're
‘a regular wreck.” '

“What's the odds so long as we get off.”

“We ought to be able to do that for we have

V ,. their riﬂes.”

“Oh, we’ll. get awayall right, but I'd like to
do so without attracting their attention. One
of the soldiers is on the roof at this moment.
I-.Ie°d see us the moment we walked away from
the house.” ' . _

' “Well, he couldn’t stop us,” said Will.

“Wait here till I take a look.” . , ._

‘Clem backed away from the building, with

"‘ his eyes cast aloft. He saw the soldier lowering

himself back to the window in the loft. ‘He

watched him till he saw him disappear -inside,

 and then motioning to his companions to follow

he made a break for the outhouse where he had
seen the girl standing 9. shorttime before. As

i he turned the corner he saw her peering around»

the other corner. He called out to her-_. and she
sprang around with a stifled scream. which turned
,to I Rlad cry when she recognized him.
i. 7 “Ahl”~ she cried: running toward him with out-

’ stretched hands. '

 

  Then she stopped. and blushed. ‘At that mo- .

.meiit Will and Uptonjoined Clem.
. " ”!" exclaimed Will. “A girl!
«beaut_‘!". . . . " - .

“You are Americans. are you not?" cried the

girl. in» perfect English, her eyes lighting up‘

with pleasure. for she had caught Will’s words.

 ,“That’s what we are." replied Clem, with a

 of joy on healing his native language
735D<)keri~ by an inhabitant ‘of that wild district.
_.“I am so glad that you succeeded in making

,.yo'ni: escape from the house," she replied. ear-

“I saw Tzou climb. to the frigf get

_, en saw one o e so ers

feome to the attic window. and from the way he

~%?°"n.’u.'§“f..3‘é’iii‘°y.fi§'fs'°.7°h‘fi‘i;‘¥.”ii.’§ Z?l‘n.‘§§§°"'

 "'I1.o.ok like if-.‘don’t 1?" grinned Clem. ‘ . , A
/ “You do‘, indeed," she answered with a_ smile.

 I wands; wchaiz thoseﬂgienlrere doing neg;

 ’ ‘ cave n e. ‘

. ..;t.bem,,to their: commander. -They behaved

,.

. mostly-

  
   

. wme_

 

.C1em .

Isn’t she a y

     

, . .ov0:rsoe.r>c1' thotﬁio, Esinoraldh

‘:3

had not appeared when you did. I believe that
nasty brute would have kissed me. I am deeply’
grateful to you, and sorry that you have.suf-
fered for your courage and gallantry.”

“‘Don’t mention it,” said Clem. “I am glad I
was able to do you a service Miss——” he paused
and looked at her inquiringly. ,

“My name is Estelle Wheeleri” V _

“Thank you, and my name is Clem Lambert. '
This is my chum, Will Ashmore. and this is,
Upton Fowler.” ‘

The girl acknowledged the introductions with
a smile. Then she tripped to the corner of the
shed and’ peered around at the house. A dense
volume of smoke was rolling out of the kitchen
window. —

'“Oh, my gracious!” she cried in great alarm, .
“I believe they’ve set ﬁre to our house."

The boys looked and saw the smoke which.
suggested direful results for the Wheeler house. ‘
“Come on, fellows!” cried Clem, in great ex-
citement, “we must save the house if it is pos-

sible for us to do so.”

 

CHAPTER XIII.——A Square Meal at Last.

The three boys, followed by Estelle Wheeler,‘ .
left the shelter of the outhouse and started for
the dwelling on the run. ’I'hey._held their riﬂes ~
in readiness to make ademonstration against the

' ormed rascals who had been acting in such"

a high-handed manner. The fellows, however, i
were seen retreating up the road in the direction W i’
of the encampment, which they expected to re- 
gain by means of a boat‘ they had left some_- ~*'
where along the river bank. They had been great‘
ly enraged on discovering that their two pi-is»
oners had been released from their bonds and .
that their guns had disappeared. too. They be» ‘Wt
lieved the girl of the house responsible for the '7 3
loss of their prisoners, and their riﬂes. and in_}
revenge they set ﬁre to the kitchen. *3 
Casting the guns aside the boys formed them; ‘i
selves into a volunteer ﬁre department. ‘Buckets A
were seized, carried to a b.ubbling~ spring close ~
at ‘hand, and rushed to the burning kitchenion .
the run, while the girl watched their exertions 
with the deepest aiixiety. ‘ A ‘f

Fortunately. the soldiers in their hurry 
not made a very good job of their incendiary,‘ ”
attempt. They had ignited a lot ‘of k y
over which a bucket of water had been ait-A
ally spilled that morning, and the greater part-,_;
of the wood was damp. and produced more smoke ‘_. 
than ﬂame. - - ‘

‘For all, that, however. the ﬁre would have is‘
soon accomplish its purpose but for the prompt ‘.5
action of Clem and his companions. They worked ~ 1 :,
like; Trojans for -ﬁfteen minutes and succeeded" *4
int subduing the flames, before they had done
any very serious dams-26. A_s soon as the ﬁre:
was out they cleaned up the kitchen so that ,
iiig remained to indicate the peril the house  ’_
been in, but a few charred beams. Miss 
expressedher granted -

 

 

e in profuse terms. ‘ 1
“You muan’t go‘ way until you see my Iathss-,"* -‘
she said.._ “H return» bdore dark. Be it i

      
  

  

   
   
   
 
  
 
 
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
 
   
 
   
  
 
   
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
   
   
 

‘How is it that you happen ' be alone on
‘this place '.’" asked Clem. with so curiosity.
“Well, my father went to the mine as usual at
,aix o'clock. My mother is away on a visit to
’ her relatives in Rio de Janeiro. and _our two
Vtlisnds went tdthe town of Juarrez, nine miles
~.xway.for some supplies.’

“But a"re»you not afraid to remain here all by

I’

yourse .
~ “Not in the least, for I expect our men back
{by noon, and we seldom have undesirable visitors.
' otwithstanding the- fact that the mountains
nder harbor many lawless men. This is the
time since we have lived here that soldiers
have intruded uponius. Those three came soon
V after our men started for town. They demanded
~ breakfast. and I prepared it for them. I gather-
ed from their conversation. for I understand the
_. ortuguese language perfectly. that they were
' hunting for two Drigoners who escaped last night
3mm thier camp on the other side of the river.
' ."'1'hat’s right.’ said Clem. with a gnu: “they
‘ were looking for ‘me and my friend Will Ash-
‘» r“Lookink for you!” cried the girl, in astonish-
nsit. ‘You do not mean "
‘ “That we are the prisoners who escaped frffm
their camp‘! That's Just what I do mean, MISS
wheeler. But I will tell you our story after
I hear the rest of yours. .0urs is a most ex-
fraordinary narrative. as you will have to admit
Vhen you hear it. Go on."
“Well,” she continued. “as soon as those sol-
... . discovered that I was quite alone in the
jogge they began to get very rude toward me.
‘ resented their rough jests. and told them they
*. to be thankful that I put myself out to
7 breakfast for them. Thereupon they all
- A- very boisterously. and the one ‘who was
quite sober declared I ought to consider their
an honor. Then he"rose to his feet and
mg, saying he made it a point of honor
kiss evay pretty girl he met.- Finding I could
I screamed. though I did not expect

. to 'd.
ygixiewiaoreciigg. Mnmlfaniiubert.’ and I never can
I: you too much for interfering in my behalf."
I said. blushinklm -_ '

‘!'hon.Cleni related their adventures from the
. out the balloon carried them off from Lake-
‘ Louisiana. until they reached the creek _be-
" the house on the Preceding lilitht. 0m_1ttmR»
 . er, their discovery of_ the diamonds in the
mine. The girl frequently mterigunted lllS_!131T3'
‘five with exclamations of astonishment.
""‘Well," she almost gasped. when he h8d\ ﬁn‘
. his story. “this sounds more wonderful than
' ‘ Ieverreadinabook.  Youboys
yen"t had ‘a real good meal smce you left
me, two weeks ago?”

(‘I3 to say we have not. I'll wager w_e
. » . , clean out a small restaurant at this
lbment.” » _ '

‘Then you shall ha_ve_a good meal. and as
asyoucaneatsJlI§tasI90l1_88I¢8ﬂ
it for you!" she cried. springing to her

.. proposed to Will to pay_a visit to the
"f ‘remove the bags of diamonds to the
y might .he able to save

—.... \

 

_ Fndivii DARK T0 DAWN

Fortunately for

Enconpaaionvnaonlytooeagertodo.
they brought up also the dlSca!'de(‘l'
thiiikimr the

19

them after all. They carried the bags to the
house and put them. for the time being. in one
of the din.ing—room closets.

By this time Miss Wheeler had a line meal
ready for them and it is unnecessary to remarlr
the boys did full justice to it.

CHAPTER XIV.~—Besieged.

_About the time the boys had finished their
dinner the two men belonging to the farm re-
turned with a wagon load of various boxes and
packages. Half an hour later a boat came up
the creek and landed a corporal with six soldiers.
who immediately marched toward the house. Miss
Wheeler was entertaining her young guests ‘on
the front veranda when Clem noticed the an
proach of the military.

“Hello!” he exclaimed, jumping to his feet,
“here comes a ﬁle of soldiers. I guess there’s
no doubt but they're after us.”

_Wi11 looked anxious and Upton frightened.

“No use trying to beat those chaps of,” re-
marked Will. “I guess we'd better take to the
woods.”

The boys retreated to a small stone building

about ﬁve hundred yards away, in which was a '

small window.

“Those chaps will get all that’s coming to
them if they try to capture us,” said Clem. with
ﬁght exhibited in every line of his manly face.
“We haven't broken any laws, or done anything
at all to be treated in the rough way we have.
Somebody is going to get into trouble over this
matter yet, and it won't be us if I have anything
to say.’ _ ‘

Through the window they saw the ﬁle of 301-
diers drawn up in front of the house and the
corporal talking to Miss Wheeler. _The conver-
sation was carried on for fully ﬁfteen minutes,
at‘ the end of which the officer and two men en-
tered the building while the rest took up posi-
tions that commanded all exits from the dwell-
ing. .-

“There goes Miss Wheelerrtowards the barn,”
said Will. '

“And one of the soldiers is watching her.”
interjected Upton.

“She has called out one of the hands and is
speaking_ to him.” remarked Clem.

The girl was soon seen returning the house
while the farmhand went into the am. got a
short noosed rope and went into the pasture
where the horses were grazing. He caught one.
brought it to the barn, saddled it. and jumping

on its back rode olfyat top speed for the distant .

mountains. I

f‘I’ll bet Miss Wheeler has sent for her father.”
said Clem, as they watched the rider disappear
up the road. ,

Fifteen minutes later the corporal and his
satellites came out of the house, apparently satis-
ﬁed the lads they were after were not hidden
in the building. Leaving
house he marched the other four over to the
barn. which he surrounded, and taking one man
with him entered to search it. The search. as a
matter of course. amounted to nothing. From
thebarntheoorperalandhismenvisitedthe
other outhoases, and ﬁnally directed their steps
toward the one -in which the hows were nnnnaatad

two.men near the’

  

  

 

I ' SUCCESS.

A"; the ground and

FROM DARK

“We’re in for it now.” said Clem. picking up
his riﬂe and cocking it.

Will~ followed his example, and so did Upton.
The corporal found the door fastened on the
inside. and he ordered his soldiers to force it in.
which they did. ‘Then after glancing around be-
low they came up the heavy steps that com-
municated with the loft. Here they found their
progress barred by the trap-door over which the
boys had drawn a heavy feed chest. The sol-
diers banged away on the trap with the butt_s of
their riﬂes. but could make no impression on it.

Finding that the trap-door was impregnable
they retreated outside. Then one of the soldiers,
mounting on the shoulders of another. essayed
to enter the loft by the single narrow window.
Finding that he couldn’t scramble up. a third
soldier was sent to the barn for a ladder, while

. the rest awaited his return. V

At this point Miss Wheeler appeared on the
scene and renewed .her expostulations without

The corporal was very polite to_ her,
but refused to listen to her objections. Finally
he thought of a scheme to drive the boys from

» their retreat-—he would smoke them out. So he
sent to the barn for a quantity of hay and a
couple of buckets of water. _

Miss Wheeler put up another stiff kick when
she saw the preparations that the soldiers were
making, but it didn't do —any good. Will had
been casting his eyes around the loft to _see
if there wasn’t some way of getting out besides
the window and the trap. He spied‘ a-big hinged
ﬂap in the side of the roof which sloped to the
rear. --
~ “Say,” he said, eagerly. _“Look at that trap
in the roof. Couldn’t we give the soldiers the
slip through that? They are all engaged in
front. We might sneak out that way, drop to

escape before they got on.”

“A good scheme.” agreed Clem. -

He went and examined the ﬂap. He saw there
was a pole for bushing it up and keeping it open
toadmit the sunshine to the loft. He pushed it

up and looked out. -The rear of the building was
‘not watched.

_ “Come on. fellows. we'll risk it.” .
 Silently they passed throughthe opening and
dropped noiselessly to the ground. carrying their
riﬂes with them. ~

CHAPTER XV.-Conclusion.
Pretty soon the smoke began to rise above

 the" roof in suspiciously large proportions, and
—/fstill no move had been made by the boys to give

 The corporal went around _to the rear to see

' .why so much smoke came out there. and the

 wide open ﬂap greeted. his astonished" eyes. ,He
- immediately jumped to the conclusion that the

W boyshad opened the trap to let the smoke escape.

-He orderedthe ﬁre to be put out at once and
Jim ladder to be brought around to the rear. As
 as the smoke began to die away. he and two
‘soldiers mounted the ladder and sprang down into
Sallie loft. To the corporal’: astonishment and
 was no sign‘ of the boys. Then
  to his dull brain that the fugitives
 u_iode';.theii_- escape through theﬂep while
< . - his  were entailed, in front.

 
    

.long as they chose to stay.

A s. ‘set Pa. copy.

TC DAWN

the failure of ‘the expedition. And while the -
corporal  his men were boarding their boat. _
Clem and his comrades returned to the Wheeler
house. to Estelle’s great delight.

' A couple of hours later Mr. Wheeler rode up
in company with the man Estelle had despatclied
for him. He was glad to meet the boys, and 08-‘
tended the hospitality of his home to them as

_ Naturally their
balloon trip to Brazil from Louisiana astonished

im. .
“We should like to reach Bahia. where we can '
get a_ steamer for the States,” said Clem. * v
“Rio de Janeiro is about as near for you, and .
you can connect with a steamer even better than ,_
at Bahia.” replied Mr. Wheeler. “I am going for '
my wife next week. She’s at Rio. You can go.
with me in my conveyance, and I will see.that j
you get off all right. I will purchase tickets for ’
you all, as I presume you have no funds." _ y

“We have a few rough diamonds that we
found, which perhaps you can turn into money
for us," replied Clem. ,

I-Ie hauled out the dozen big stones from his
Docket and showed them to their host. Clem
told him how he and Will had found them in an
old deserted mine in a ravine just off the velle ‘
where the soldiers had attacked’ the diamo
Doachers.

“Why. boys. these are uncommonly ﬁne speci-
mens. _ They'll pay your way to the United States,
ﬁfty times over." . "

The boys stayed six days at the Wheeler home, —:
and _enioyed themselves immensely. Mr. Wheeler
carried the boys to Rio in good shape and put
them up at a first-class hotel in that city while _
they waited for the arrival of a steamer to carry ':
them north. . ~ -

A cable message was forwarded to Mr. Ash-’
more at Gretna village. Louisiana. info ‘ him"
that his son was safe and would soon be ome"
once more. -In due time the boys reached‘ New. f
York. The diamonds were held in bond by the 
custom house authorities. and arrangements wen 9
soon made for their sale in various lots at tlieil~.i
appraised value. , re.‘ ‘

Clem had a dozen of the big diamond; agi .,
and polished and afterward sold them for ﬁfteen :
thousand dollars, half of which, after d 
the cost of putting them into shape. he. tore‘ .
warded to Will. who had -already received 
twenty, thousand dollars. as his sliare of $0. ’"
rough. The‘ balance of the large diamonds went :4‘
to Clem as ﬁnder of the treasure. — ._ . V; '

A year later Clem returned to Brazil and mus 3-
riedthe girl of his heart. He was worth about 
sixty thousand dollars. and had established 3- V.
wholesale diamondvbusiness for himself in llaidsn
Lane, New York. »,

 
  
 

 
 

 
  
 
 
  
    

HIMSELF; o'r. PAVING HIS WAY TO iron. 
'i‘UNE." ,«  "
Should you like the stories being hou-
castzby WJZ from “Mystery   ._
"91 7°." mew es .7 

   

    
 
 
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
 

HOW CHINESE TEST EGGS

. Instead of using thermometers, Chinese incu-
» -n caretakers test the temperature of eggs
pressing the large end ,,of the egg against their
used eyelids. o

, ANCIENT« EYEGLASSES
-Archeologists excavating on the site of an-
t Carthage have found, among other things,
 'r of spectacles of the third century, B. C.,

_ I» in a Punic tomb a term eotta ﬁgurine of an
 , . , pots of rouge and face powder, bronze
- v ~ -- ,_ and milk bottles.

SUN AS POWER-SOURCE

"In a recent paper on this subject Mr. C. Le
= . Meisinger recordsthat in certain subtropi-
« regions, where coal is scarce, such as Egypt,
Punjab, and the Karoo of South Africa, teak-
‘ boxes, blackened within, ﬁtted with glass,
-"and properly insulated, have been found to
‘star from 240 to 275 degrees Farhi-., in the

FAMESAND FORTUNE WEEKLY . 21
CURRENT NEWS

 

middle.of the day, and, with the additior of an
auxiliary mirror, to reach even 320 degrees.

‘ These boxes are used as ovens forcooking, as

well as for many other purposes.

IF “PIGS IS PIGS." DOGS IS DOGS

“A literary genius who lives in Flushing. N.
Y., gained renown by establishing the fact that
‘pigs is pigs,’ ” said Magistrate James J. Conway
in the Long Island City Police Court the other
day, “and I am convinced that ‘dogs is dogs.’ "

John Poi-as, 69, Hunter avenue, Long Island
City, had been summoned to court by a patrol-
man of the health squad on a charge of having
ﬁve hunting dogs which not only were running
about without muzzles but also were shortening
the lives of the pet cats of the neighborhood.

“I only have one dogs, that is the mother," said
Poras. “The others are only puppies."

“As I said before, ‘dogs is dogs,’ " replied
Magistrate Conway. “Unless you get rid of all
of them by next Monday  will ﬁne you $10 for
each dog, irrespective of its age."

Poras agreed to get rid of the dogs.

   
   
  
 
   
  
   
      
     
  
 

 latest ‘number contains

“CHANCE.” by Dorothy ‘Shea

  
  

‘Tn .

 

~TaIce ' Special Notice! x ,

We own “MYSTERY MAGAZINE.” It contains exciting detective, crook, and mystery
Jrtories. All of them are ﬁne. You ought to read them. Why don't -you get a_copy?

A good detective story called
“Tl-IE LOCK AND KEY”-
‘ Written by‘ ‘HAMILTON CRAIGIE .

S A splendid two-part aerial entitled
“A TEST OF CONSCIENCE"
», J. B. WARRENTON, Author

("A department of handwriting ,in which L0_IlISE RICE gives free readings of your char-
acter. if you send her a sample of your writing.

SIX (6) DANDY SHORT STORIES

“CLUE: ONE HAIRPIN." by H. P. Rhodes
“A DEVILISH CONTRIVANCE,” by Maurice Coons
“BETRAYED .BY WORDS,” by D. E. Kramer _ '

'~oN THE TRAIL or DOPE.” 1.; Leslie ‘Barreaux

}i_v  all these it contains an interesting article by TOM rox gsoouuu radios _ -
si_iIl';l§ve),‘,colled “Bone Moue_y,”. and a large collection of shorter item that will please you,” ‘ J, 

 mm: _AND SEE H_0W Goon rnis

; a

‘ ’GAzINi§ 18

s

 

 

    
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
    
    
  
 
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
 
   
  
    
  
  

Rob, and the Reporters
__ Of‘ __
Hustling for War News by Wireless

By GASTON GARNE

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER XII.——(Continued).

“Cut it short.”

“All right. Say, something is coming. There's
a big ﬁght on near Mons; the British are being
driven back. The operator is trying to get the
station on the Eiffel Tower.”

And so it went. ‘-

Rob pulled oil‘ several important messages dur-
ing the morning, some of them from German
sources. .

Just before dinner he picked up one from Mr.
Terrence, asking about Edith, to which he replied
with deep regret that he had lost her. _ ,

They kept him at it all day, giving him only
time for meals. _ _ _

And during the day he did all in his power
to instruct Jack Thompson, with considerable
success, so much so that the reporter declared his
intention of taking the night shift and doing the
best he could. _

7 “If you don't make out you can call me at mid-
; n]ight.,’,’ said Rob. “I can do with very little
’ V ~ s ee .

ld‘idnigh_t came and he was called.

declared Thompson.

it.” . >
Rob was able to correct some of it, but the

 majority of messages picked up he pronounced
very doubtful, =as Thompson had interpreted
them. -

 -“I didn’t attempt to send,” said Thompson.
“I'll try againto-morrow. I'll get ;there—you’1l
mi!

“See what you can make of

 ‘ “You're bound to get there if you _keep at it,”
. declared Rob. “After all, it's very simple." _
. He wasgiving the reporter a little further_in-
. struction when an incident occurred which fairly
made their hair stand on end.
The tower was rooﬂess, and as Rob was ex-

down upon them. _ _ _

- Inohngdppétthey S8}? :1 huge Zeppelin airship

. IMIVGPID ll‘€ over 9 .

 f‘Gee!:hWhatyi_f they drop a bomb on 118!"
om son. -

'3.“ e;y’ve lliine it!” cried Rob. “See, there it

" comes! ’

‘ .8] n ‘ Q!’ I

“Wht’:th?cz:odgw,i:'t:uc:uldn’t get out of the

hogrbetore i,t,Sl:rik9.'If it hits as wane’

Iguaﬁguhitﬂu them. falling into
 T was  __ ¥:.'~«' ’_ ' '
13¢“  feared  a segiad 

. I

   
  

IIFAME AND WFORTUNE -WEEKLY ,_

“Pm afraid my work is pretty near a failure,”.

7 plaining a brilliant searchlight suddenly streamed ‘

  

tempt to destroy the tower would be made. bixt.’.'-T‘
the airship ﬂew away and the lights were quickly‘
lost to view. -
Shortly after Thompson left him. Rob picked
up a call from the,Eiﬂ’el Tower, giving some iin-J
portant war instructions which he threw out to '
Bayville. ‘fl
Towards morning he caught a reply from Mr. -
Torrence urging him to spare no pains to ﬁnd “'
Edith. - » _ ‘ " 7;
“It’s well enough for him to say that,” sighed
Rob, “but what can I do?" " -'
The reporters were ajoll" lr‘ and they made 
things as pleasant as possible for Rob, who,had ,,
now determined to make no effort to escape. "'
Next day message after message was dispatclwd -7
to the Earth and the -London papers. . 3
Brown declared that this was the nextbest -3
thing to being at the frcfnt and actually witneas— i
mg the happenings of the war. » 
“The Kaiser seems to be sweeping everything.‘
before him,” sighed Thompson, as the day ad- 7’
vanced. . _ ‘ 
And so it seemed that day, much to the disgust ;~§
of these young Englishmen, while Rob as a ._
Canadian felt as they did. ’ 
Thompson made good headway under Rob’; ..;”
instruction, and again he‘too_i-I the night shift. 7.5‘
doing better work. I .
Next morning the boom of cannon was heard .A
just beyond them and they knew that a battle
was on in their immediate neighborhood. 
“We want to beat it out of here and hide our -{W
apparatus, th t’s what,” declared Brown. “Later. ‘
on we may ge a chance to put it up again.” - 4
“If we go away in the car we are liable to rig; 
into the Germans and lose it,” said Dewey. “Wliat T ,.l
we better do is to hide it in the woods, and skip»! 4:
on foot.” , - p 3,
Thompson helped Rob in the work of dismant-' 9‘
ling, which was done as rapidly as possible. '
Meanwhile Brown ran the car into the‘woods/.
to‘a place where it was nearly concealed as wad
possible to conceal it, after which they struck ,2
off to the northwest which took them away front,‘ "
the ﬁring. _ — «‘;.,
It still continued. ‘ , 3;;
They had not gone a great way before  ._
could hear the tramp of many feet, while oilieerl 
were shouting orders. ’

“There must be a road right ahead,” said _
Suddenly the sounds ceased and a heavy zjﬁti
ﬁre began. - ,5. , ;

“This must be one of the wings,” declaredu;
Thompson. “'l'here’a a big ﬁght on all right. 1.?
do wish we could see something of it.” ‘.  

‘See that tall tree?" said Rob. “It to 
away above everything else. I believe I, '.
climb it if I tried.” . fa

"Try it, then,” said Thompson, “and you wail “E
to look out you don’t break your blamed neck." _- .

V _ (To be continued.) _ _
Radio Fans,,tniie in W123.‘ ﬁg ;_’

  

    

  

  

, cr

     

 

  

   
  

‘n

   
 

       
 

  
 

Pllllﬁllﬂ

 

    
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  

.0

I

LONGEST DAYS AT THE EQUATOR
g-There is practically no change in the length of
w day at the equator throughout the year.
- ' there is less than a minute's difference
length the day is slightly longer at the solstices
- at the equinoxes. The interval from the
‘ ﬁning to setting of the sun's upper limb at the
v tor is about 12 hours -7 minutes. '

. INDIAN MAGICLURES FISH

_;,J9seph Hand has broken all handline ﬁshing
.. .s; on "New Jersey coast. While ﬁshing
~ Cold Springs inlet, Hand, who is known in
~-:’-- circles’ as the Harbor Pipe, caught more
. 1,000 pounds of weakﬁsh for which he re-

-- ed $200 in the local market. - ‘

Hand said recently that he had been of-
s a big sum by a syndicate to divulge what
he uses to make the fish rise to his lines while
- ' ﬁshermen within a stone's throw of his boat
never a nibb'e. Hand said that he could not
teni ted to sell his secret. It was told to him.
exp ained, by an old Indian chief whg passed
ugh Cape May some time ago with a medicine.
P3“! - ' - »

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
    

 OF DEATH FULFILLS LEGEND

By _the. stopping of the famous astronomical
oi*Henry VIII at Hampton Court Palace,
the_deatli', within a few hours of one of the

see-inmates the ancient legend surrounding
“Clock of Death”4 has once more been ful-

1-‘raditionruns thatthe stopping of the clock
nds the imminent de of a palace resi-

or the’ first time» in many years theclock '

ﬁd-recently, and that night an elderly wom-
iss Jane Cuppage, daughter of Gen. Sir '
Cu page, who fought at Waterloo, was

dead’ in her apartments.

official of the palace said that twice within

__ rsonal knowledge some one has died a few

—  after the clock stopped. ‘

"following morning the clock. was started

and no~cause for its stoppage could be

ered.
“ASPIRIN FRESHENS FLOWERS
ﬂowers may be prevented from fading by
. them an aspirin tablet. Norman .
,'  at the State Sanitarium at
- Alto, P.a., states that by this method he has
 preserved ﬂowers several days beyond
time wlicn.,th would ordinarily fade, but
,.revived them _.w ii wilted The experiments '
conducted withgchrysanthemums. Some of
were put into water to. which an aspirin
' jiad been added; the others were put into‘

'  Re. i. am ,oth 1
‘   dgaggednt ‘ﬁgure-?it1as°t?::i ‘thelittllivg-lea‘
‘ . 1‘. 11. ~ 1'-
I

 
 
  
   
  

 

   
  
    
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 

anothe  flowers which
room over-night» andyere badly.

-,4-. .. '»,

 . AND i«*oR'i*UNr_: WEEKLY
GOOD .READlNG'

.m,wu¢  .. 

pirin tablethad been added. They revived in two
l|0|1I'S. looking as fresh as the did when picked
the day before. _ The leaves, owever, remained
wilted. _The aspirin acts as an antiseptic, inter-
fefmg With the enzyme which causes the clogging
of the stem at its cut surface.

PRETTY PEBBLES PROVE TO BE RICH
_ JEWELS ‘
Children playing on the beaches of the Arkan-
sas River have for ﬁfty years or more been
searching through_the sand for pretty pebbles.
They were of various tints and some of them
were prettily marked. ,
Recently some Jewellers employed by a Topeka

ﬁrm picked up a few of these stones and treated _» I

them the_ same way that they have been treating
the precious stories which they have been re’
ceiving from‘Brazil, India, Califnrnia and other
places famed for their semi‘-{precious stones. ‘

The results were astoun mg and the “gems”
from the Arkansas River were pronounced al-

most if not quite equal to the others more highly : . V

regarded. - p
The children searching for pretty pebbles did
not know that what they found were in all prob-
ability the same as excited the curiosity of Coro-
nado and which sent him in a’ northest direction
through Kansas in 1541 in quest of the fabled
city of Cuivira, where he had been told that the
kings of the country would not touch gold be-
cause it was so common... l

“Mystery Magazine”
Semi-Monthly ' ' ‘
I55
156

157
158

15 Cents a Copy

LAI‘Gl-IING mcA'rH's TRAIL, by 5",.“ 1.91;,” _,o,_
ﬂ'o‘|1Sen.

'llHE !llF:l"Il(‘I.\'E mmrri-:r:. m- G. p_ \\‘Hs.)n,

A QVESTTOV OF‘ KKYCK. l7\' I-‘,:I;_v9n.. J()[vp_§ 7
'I‘}?l'7 .\i)'R'l'El{Y OF ROARING \\'A’|‘]'-]|:'_ by‘

.i. Y \ '. A .§.l'II: H C.
1") TI?!‘-wl"vl\¢‘tllé;5lR Tr‘
160 THE sH:m0,\\' or A !\‘()89l*‘..‘l:fv  ','{‘,,'(’:’,“f,,m‘»

161
162

AT’? A. M.. hv 1'.-'--xlnh Poyuter.
THE lN'l‘l'ilGl'l-IRS. liy G1-o\-of Kmwe”_-

THE LOCK AND KEY

By HAMILTON CRAIGIE
Ont Today In No. 163!

HARRY 13- W01-FF. Publisher. Inc.

166 West 23d Street New York any

“Moving Picture Stories”

A W99“! Mlxuine Devoted to Photoplayu and huygu : ’

PRICE TEN CENTS PER COPY .§_

’ Each number contains Three stories. ol the Belt Filing.’
on the Screen--1-Zlegainl llnlf-ton» Scenes {Eon the ruyugp
;‘illlll‘i:l'9]8)t‘l':I'Eg A!:flclAeI'oAhon!&P;0I;|iII at -   var

-- ,. ,1 ',e‘_"_ , . J n .
and lzeﬂﬂullﬂ in, scajgrlo Vallmnxf » an‘ - ' .

‘HARRY; ii. wonrr. , Pnhlisliei-.: lac;

  

It

.~.

 

    
  
  
 



  

 

 

u

 

GLASS PANELS

The only advantage of the glass panel. is that

it makes the instruments and wiring_vi_sible._ If

,« you plan to use a glass panel, be sure it is a high-

grade, as some glass is a good conductor of high-

frequency currents because of metallic veins con-
tained in the glass. '

., SIMPLIFIED WIRING _

To many fans who are just building their first
set the most diﬂicult problem encountered in the
construction is the determination of Just which
wires are connected and which are still to be
connected. To eliminate this uncertainty as each
wire is laid in the set the corresponding line in
the diagram should be crossed out with a colored

‘ pencil line. I ‘
ADVICE I
If you live over ﬁfteen miles from a broad-
casting station, don’t buy a crystal set.‘ You will
onl hear enough to tease you. -
‘ bove all, don't buy a pair of cheap ear-phones.
The difference between a good and bad pair of
phones is usually the equal of one to two stages
of ampliﬁcation. ‘ _ _
Don't let the children play with the radio. It
is cheaper to go to the store and buy them a toy.

. A MUFFLER TUBE.

‘A “mui!'ler" or “blocl_Ling” tube_ is_ a vacuum
tﬁbe used in a special circuit togeliminate radia-
tion from a receiving set. The patent _‘whic_h
covers this method of preventing radiation is
owned by the United States Navy Department.
Proposals have been made to release the inven-

‘ tion to the public, so that the interference caused
’ by radiation of receivers may be stopped.

THE AERIAL FOR CRYSTAL SET‘

A crystal detector depends u n_the strength
of the received signal voltage or its 0P€,P%t1°Tl-
If the voltage is weak the received audio fre-

= cy sounds are either weak or not heard. For
ﬁe reason the aerial for a crystal set should _be

. as long as is possible. Because the long aerial
will pick up a signal more eﬁiciently than a
shorter one and will consequently impress a
greater voltage upon the crystal detector.

 

BAD ‘BATTERY CONNECTIONS
Many of the noises in radio sets can be traced
to loose connections. Because these noises re-
‘nemble static it is seldom that any other source

_  ha-_ them is thought of. Poor battery connections

«use more ‘_‘static" than any other one thing.
-B storage battery connections should be made by
,ao?n.ns of 3 on which can be made to grip the
, ' of e be . Before connecting to
~ , is1l‘ieon1$hbie given atniedi-
 of white vase)‘ . s pi-even s cor-
 It is preferable that the B battery con-
  metns of ii smaller clip
 ,‘ i , P0!!!‘-

 

    

   

      

clips ‘

O

FAME AND_ FORTUNE WEEKLY 

mri-znssrinc RADIO NEWS AND iimrs

IMPROVING AUDIO AMPLIFIERS

. f . . . —.
With the publicity that is now being given to , 9
the resistance coupled audio-frequency ampliﬁers 
many radio fans who have transformer coupled ‘
ampliﬁers wish to construct one of these suppos~
edly_more eﬁicient ampliﬁers. Supposedly is used
herein because in both theory and practice the.
resistance coupled ampliﬁer is the least eﬂicient
of all types. The ordinary resistance coupled
ampliﬁer requires three tubes before enough
volume is obtained to satisfy the average person. -
For those fans who now have a two-stage trans-
former coupled ampliﬁer and who wish to have
the clarity offered by the resistance coupled am-
pliﬁer it is suggested that they build, in asepno
rate cabinet, at one-stage resistance coupled ani-
pliﬁer and add this ampliﬁer to the present one.
This last stage of ampliﬁcation will materially in-
crease the tone quality of the signals and raise
gieirdvolume slightly above that ordinarily ob-
ine .

x

.a

IMPROVE YOUR REINARTZ SET

A great many people have found that a Rein~
artz receiver will not work _ as well in damp
weather and in some cases a receiver that usually
operates perfectly will even refuse to oscillate in
damp weather. The cause for this freakish con-
dition will ‘usually be found in the homemade
Reinartz coil. It will be remembered that in
these coils the plate, grid and aerial inductance: _
are all on the same form and are separated only "
by the thin cotton covering on the wire. The
connon insulation on the wire is very apt to ah?‘ i —.
sorb moisture, and this would create a path for 

 

Ti


 
  
 

electrical leakage between the coils.

The best way to prevent the above condition is .
to paint the Reinartz coil with a light coat of col-, ‘
lodion. Collodion is a_wate_rpi-oof insulating var- i .
nish and may be obtained in small quantities at .
any drug store. Before applying the collodiou ’
to the coil it is best to place the coil in the oven - i g
for a short time in order to make sure that it it A -. ,.
free from moisture. After this‘ has been done '
the clollodion may be applied with a small paint. 2

1115 0 * . ’- :‘

 
 
  

 

RADIO WAVES TRAVEL HIGH AND Lo‘w5- ;
Radio waves, once started, recognize no bar
riers. They carry their message to the moun-
tain tops and to the depths of mines.“ When tin
giant United States navy dirigible, the Shlnané
doah-,s passed over Schenectady reoentl aha
height of 3,000 feet, WGY exchanged ~
messages with Lieut. Commander Lansdowne. all" '

_weather forecasts were transmitted‘ to the dink-

ible. R. Raven Hart, an en 'neer, re i-ted 20- '
ceptioir of WGY’s signals at to Inca. on
‘of the highestpoints on the Andes, in Argentina;
1 distance of 5,200 miles from Schenectady. '
C. H. Ingels, a construction engineer
reception of KOO. the Paciﬁc Conn .  .
Ho:-init Camp, in the Grand Canyons, 3,300 i

    

I ,, V’

   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
  
    
  
 
 
 
    
   
 
  
  

In a test recently conducted by officials. of a

« -- , Pa., coal mine, signals from WGY were
'ved at the lowest level of the mine, 480 feet
th the surface, and a half mile from the
of the shaft. The experiment with radio
the mine was carried on chieﬂy to test the ex-
_ to which radio may be utilized for the pres-
tiori of miners’ lives.

§WARM-WEATHER RADIO

There is no reason why we should not enjoy
'0 during the summer, but it is useless to ex-
the same eﬂciency from our radio receiving
as during the cold, crisp winter weather.
arm weather is accompanied by thunder storms

 ~- atmospheric electricity in abundance, which.

 ' detrimental to radio communication. Never-
:;-. —  : these disturbances are not always such as
A prevent good reception of nearby transmitting
 ‘r ions. It is'a good plan during warm weather
" - reduce the size of the antenna. _The author
these lines uses an antenna measuring 125 feet
A: during the fall, winter and spring, and an
tenna measuring but 60_ feet long and only _12
- above the ground during the summer. _ With
:2 ‘long and high antennafone is bound to pick up
good deal more static than with a short and
' antenna. The latter will  found ample

the reception of nearby stations ;_ and since
 static will prevent the _clear reception of long-
-~ . ce stations, the radio enthusiast may )ust
- ’ well retign himself his _local programs.
rtheless, there are some nights during the
n. er which are remarkably free of static and

permit of long-distance reception. The
arrangement, therefore, is ‘to have two _an-
 - a short and a long antenna, with a switch
"w connecting either one with the receiver. ' '

l
4

Ii .-

 

. , RAZOR BLADES»
A most eﬂicient and inexpensive condenser for
with radio sets can be made out of a few
.... ed safelg-razor blades. _ _
It is very‘ d‘ cult to determine in advance the
. 'ty of a condenser, es rally when used in
1] radio receiving sets. ' ile it is easy to ob-
precise regulation of the self-induction
' the circuit in a similar way: bi mean-5
 a runner of some sort which varies t e num-
lier of coils on the spool that come into P13Y- 1'5
.a little more difficult to construct a condenser
’ capgci of which can be regulated at will.
Ituis w known that a condenser_ is made ‘of
- -— of a conducting metal alternating with m-
.‘ - gplates or dielectrics. a_nd tbht the ¢3W3°'
' ' i’ of the ap aratus is a function of the surfaces
Wat. face eacli other as well as of the thickness of
L’ 4» ﬁe ' -The razor blades, then, will form

:_‘

plates of ﬁbre a number of blades va1'Yln8
T ﬂi themaximum capacity to _be obtained. Mount
‘ ' inimovably on a conducting axle riveted to
frame. A second set of blades must be
.. mi another mile in such a way that the
pusfreely between those which are ﬁx _
{care that the thickness of the layer  H!‘
u the dielectric shall begs thin as possible.
v apparatus ‘is complete when a corrugated

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

25

button is mounted on the end of the axle car -
ing the movable blades, so that these can

turned to vary the capacity of the condenser at
will. A pointer ﬁxed under the button and a
graduated circle on the frame will_ make it easy
to regulate once for all the position in which the
blades are to be turned in accordance with the
sending station which it is desired to. hear.

SELECTING THE LOUD-SPEAKER

In a recent issue of Wireless Age, Dr. Alfred
N. Goldsmith, Director of Research, Radio Cor-
poration of America, tells of the principal faults
of some loud-speakers and the general listening
tests for them, as follows: 1. The loud-speaker
fails to reproduce high-pitched notes, but does
respond to low-pitched ones. Such loud-speakers
will sound well on piano pieces in the lower reg-

ister, and on bass voices. Tenors and sopranos _
will sound thin and weak, and the violin will lack "

piquant quality, being “ﬂattened out” into ﬂute
quality. Speech, and particularly feminine
speech, will not be fully intelligible. Orchestral
selections will sound noisy and will have a drum-
ming quality. 2. The loud-s eaker fails to repro-
duce low-pitched notes, but oes respond to hi h-
pitched notes. Speech will be fairly intelligi le
on such loud-speakers, but the piano will sound
thin and much like a harp or guitar. Bass voices
will be weak or else sound like thin baritones.
The effect in the rendition of orchestral selections
will be feeble and squeaky, and without “body”
or roundness. The accompaniment of the 'cellos
and violins, and other deep-voiced instruments,
will be lost. The general effect will be that of a
cheap and poorly designed portable phonograph
with a small horn. 3. The loud-speaker may re-
produce only notes in the middle register, drop-
ping out high and low-pitched notu. This is
unfortunately a fairly common fault. While
speech is moderate! intelligible on some exam-
ples of this kind 0 instruments, music _is very

' unmercifull treated and the faults are a combi-

nation of se mentioned in 1 and 2 above. 4.
Lour-speakers should not rattle on the loudest
notes which are produced; but the user should be
cautious in drawing conclusions since he may be
overloading his vacuum tubes byexcessively loud
signals, combined with low plate voltage and in-
correct grid bias. Unless the listener is sure the
vacuum tubes are not themselves being “satu-
rated" or overloaded, he should not blame the
loud-speaker for rattling noises. 5. Loud-speakers
occasionally are insensitive; that is, they fail to
respond to weak signals at all, and do not give
a good response to reasonably loud signals. The
objection to insensitive loud-speakers is the neces-
sity for overloadin the tubes to get loud signals.
6. Some loud-s ers, while otherwise fairly
satisfactory, reproduce combinations of instru-
ments—-voice and piano, or violin and piano——-
less satisfactory than solo efforts. This fault re-
quires for proof of its existence a careful listen-
ing _test on_a suitable selection from a broad-
céisting station of repeatedly proven high qual-
i y. -

Say, boys, do you know that some of the
stories in ry Magazine” are broad-
cast by WJZ. 2‘ ~ '

 

 v

 

 it‘ 26
' Fame and Fortune Weekly
NEW YORK, -AUGUST ‘22. 1924
 reams T0 SUBSCRIBERS

Single Copies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..Postage Free 8Centg
One Copy Three Months . . . . .. “ " $1.00
One Copy Six Months . . . . . . . .. " " 2.00
One Copy One Year . . . . . . . . . .. “ “ -1.00

Canada, $4.50; Foreign, $5.00. , ‘

HOW TO SEND )l0NEY—At our risk send P. 0.
Money Order, Check or Registered Letter; remittances
in any other way are at your risk. We ac-ce t Postage
stain s the same as cash. When sending a lver Wrap
the oln-in a se rate piece of paper to avoid cutting
the envelope. Write your name and address P131111!-

HARRY E. WOLFF, Harry E. Wolﬂ. Pres.
Publisher, Inc., Charles E. l\fylan_der, sec.
166 W. 23d St... N. Y. 1,. 19‘. Wilzin. Tress.

—ITEMS OF INTEREST

TREE EXPLODES ‘

. A tree exploded near Ouachita City, La., se-
verel burning W. _C. McClure, w_ho,_ with a gang
had been cutting it down. A hissing so_und.1s-
sued from‘ the tree as the saw ate into it. Be-
lieving that gas was escaping Mc(}lure applied
 a lighted match. Gas had crept into the tree
‘W ' from the ground, which is in the natural gas
“ belt. The force of theblast knocked down two of
the crew and the sound of the explosion was
heard a mile away.

 
   
   
   
   
    
  
   
     
   
 
  
  
   
  
 

73 YEARS WITHOUT WATER
» The case of a woman of Sussex, England who
has not drunk any water since the _Great l:‘.xh1-
bition oh1851, has come to the attention of a Lon-
don physician. While attending her, she com-
lained ofﬁthirst, and he sug ested cold water.
glue then rel ted that as a chi cl she had visited
the Great Eghibition and had a drink of water
that had made her sick. Since then‘ she had not
» hadany water and had got along very well with-
out it. . ’

Tl" ELECTRIC CLOCK KEEPS FISH our or
 - ‘ CANAL .

, A,General Electrio’engineer is the inventor of
‘f an application of electricity to save fish from
. .~_ death in the irrigation canals of the West. It is
"simply the use of electrodes immersed in the
canal-, with electricity ﬂowing into them. -
_ - Ithas been found that the resistance to elec-
.» ﬁtrieity is r inwater than in‘ the body of a
’= fish and at if a ﬁsh swim: in the vicini _of
4 two or more electrodes it receives a shock w ch
f causes it instinctively to dart" away. Theseie1ec-
ttrodes are placed to keep fish from ttmg into
’, the i ‘ canals. where they wo d die when
rho w 1- is let out, the way in whichmillioms of
skin have given up their lives nearly in the st.
g... V snioal devices heretofore tried have .
._  wﬁh eitheir;  course to
_  or perm a remﬂowo
 carried  canals.

*"U'~

   

. “Did

but he always is the ﬁrst one up at the

“K! WW9’, '

I

FAME ANl) FORTUNEIWEEKLY

ORCHARD IS. ILLUMINATED

A spectacular ﬁght is being waged against the‘
_0riental moth, which is destroying peach trees
in the big Weatherby orchard near Swedesboro,

N. J., the tight being based on the principle of
the attraction of the math to the ﬂame. Instead
of candles, a battery of 150 incadescent electric
lamps has been strung across the orchard. - '

At nights the lights are turned on, and the ‘:
moths forget the peaches to ﬂicker about the _
bulbs. There various ingenious traps .to catch . ;
the pestiferous insects have been devised by the
owner of the farm, who is eighty-two years. old,
but still the active manager of the place. He
stays awake until dawn making a record of his
moth-catch andstudying their habits.

Other peach growers are watching his experi- 
ment with keen interest. Motorists who pass at . T
night, seeing the orchard aglow with light, im- «
agine the place to be a bootleggefs haunt.

 

LAUGHS

Bobbie—Oh, ma, I've got a sliver under my
ﬁngernail! Ma-—Serves you right! Haven’t I
told you not to scratch your head.

_“G¢_>t any. herrmgs roes ?” asked a youth of the
£111,111 _charge of the ﬁshmonger’s stall. ‘My
name am’t Rose—it’s Gladys,” retorted the dam-' .
sel; ;‘and pleaseﬁyremember I’m Miss Smithson to V
you. - '

 

“Who is that fell w who just made that ring-
ing defense of prohi ition?” asked Smith. ‘Qh,

he’s a bootlegger who has become a millionau-Q.
since the dry laws were passedff replied Jenkins; . ~—

u‘\.n.‘»l;..-. .. -.‘

 

“Father, will you give me ﬁve cents for a poor
man who is outside. crying ?” Fathej-—_“'Ye3’ ».
son, here it is. You are a ‘charitable boy. What 
is he crying about?" “He’s crying ‘Fresh roasted "

peanuts, ‘ﬁve cents a ‘bag’i"

“Doh’t keep calling the ‘General.’ I'm only 3, .
colonel.” “ ’Scuse me. boss. I ain't disputin’ yo’ 1
word. but any military 2ent’ma.n dat gives dis old - ,
nigger a dollar tip is jes’-natcherly a ‘gen'r.,L"-

 

 

Blinks—Jones canlt be a very Datriotic A"nierl- V 
can. mks-Never saw a more loyal Yankee inw
my life. Blinks——But he didn't stand while the ‘ ‘.3
band was playing “America.” Jinks-—Maybe not, _i ~j
ball 1 
when the ‘‘lucky seventh” rolls around. '.’.‘*‘-""  _i

Returning from the dentist’s, where he had «.
gone to have a tooth pulled. Henry reported u_ _,
follows: “,The doctor told me ‘fore he i A
that if I yelled it would cost me 75 cents,
I was a good boy it would be _only 50
on yell?" asked _his mother. ‘How
on only gave me half a dollar.”

   
   
 
   
  
  
  
  
      

I‘!

i

If you have a radio. lhtea inn
They are broadcasting stories from _

   
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
    
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  

BRIEF BUT

‘ BALL TEAM TRAVELS BY PLANE

For the first time in the history of aviation
 ‘United States Army baseball team and some
9'” rs” traveled by airplane recently from
, ell Field to Camp Vail,and returned in the
V  manner. The excitement of the ﬂight was
<"' V much for the local boys and they were on
.e short end of’ a 6-to-3 score. It had been
 .... to send the team by rail, but Major Hens-
_ felt the heat might interfere with the boys
 the ﬁfty—mile tri and hit upon the plan to
i_"" them by airp ane. Accordingly four De
 Vglands and one Martin_bomber were put into
' ce. Two trips of each plane were necessary
~ get the players to Camp Vail.

:

' FIJI FISHCHASE BUGS UP TREES

A 'P)of. C. C. Nutting of Iowa University has
I ten “Big Bill” Thompson to it. Professor

 

3,," t _'g has returned from Fiji Islands , with
- } ~ ens of the tree-climbing ﬁsh. He is head
the department of zoology at the university.
ompson sailed in search of such a fish the other

Frofessor Nutting’s climbers do all the tricks
, -the advertised Thompson ﬁsh and then some
Every morning after breakfast they set

_ from their homes in the waters and go
perin'g about the beach looking for insects.
eh they spy a likely bu .they chase him to a
- and then ‘climb after . Their ﬁns have
the properties of hands and legs and they are
_ .’  little water pouches to sustain
 on .

 

e mar-
« ties. If, however one Party objects to dis-

,the case niust.be re erred to the courts,
A will decide the question on its merits.

martial ties, but desertion,
, excessive religious piety,
patibility of temperament and_divergence
political views are held to be suﬁcient causes.
Russian may obtain ‘a divorce and remarry
’than three times within one year. _
-consequence of the ﬂexibility qf the _Soviet
"code covering domestic relations, divorces
e gloscow district increased by 45 per cent.
3 e first six months of 1924, as compared
A 1928. In many cases the applicants for di-
.5-*'-'~‘ were married only from three days to
months. In other cases couples divorced
been married from four to forty years. Re-
' s tuperstitiailie was lciineﬁtzf the most frequent
 given in a ca ns. ».
ppunder the Bolshevist ré—
'th the diﬁculties

ofthe Church
'1

FAME AND 1='oRrUNi3 WEEKLY
‘P O I N T E D

‘Hisconduct does not constitute a valid reason’

and the severity of the Imperial statutes. In
those days it required from three to six Years
to have a marriage annulled.

 

KANSAS MAN HAS CONTRACT TO SELL
SNAKES

Few persons in-Hutchinson, Kan., would like
to trade jobs with their neighbor, K. C. Beck.
Mr. Beck deals in wild animals, and treats them
much as a farmer treats the cows and the pigs
and the chickens of his barnyard. Just now he
is engaged in ﬁlling a contract for 3,000 live
snakes for the French government.

He buys the reptiles in the locality from boys ‘

whom he instructs in the methods of capture.
The boys look upon the traiﬁc as a lucky thing
for them. One youth of 14 years delivered eight-
een snakes in a single day. The boy caught
most of the snakes in water-meter manholes in
the residence districts.

Beck ships the snakes by express to Browns-
ville, Texas, from which point they will be for-
warded to France. One day recently, just as the
business was getting under way, he sent out
twenty head. After a time he expects that as
many as 100 will be shipped each day. The con-
tainers are ordinary packing boxes, tight at all
points except for a number of screen-covered
holes to admit air. The reptiles require no food
on the trip. -

“I am not sure what the French Government
wants with the snakes,” said Beck, “but I sup-
pose they will be let loose in agricultural districts,
where insects and small rodents are particularly
troublesome. ‘They take all non-poisonous va-
rieties, but none that are poisonous. This ex-
cludes rattlesnakes and water moccasins.”

Last winter
bits to the Pennsylvania State Game Commission.
All sorts of creeping, ﬂying and walking things
are received and discharged at his “plant” daily.
The same express deliverymaii who took away the
twenty snakes brought a miscellany of crates and
boxes enclosing the following, creatures: Two
wild pigs, a‘male and a female; one dozen each
of black and orange squirrels, and two five-foot
lizards. These had started their journey in Hon-
duras. Of the lizards, Beck merel said, ‘‘They’re
good to_ eat," but bystanders cou dn’t ﬁnd it in
their_m1ncls to agree with him.

At the Beck zoo just now are some baby kan-
garoos and baby foxes. The kangaroo parents
came from Australia, the fox father from Ken-
tucky and the mother from New Mexico.’ In the
cage with the foxes is a Tasmanian devil. Look-’
ing more like a half.-grown pig than any other
familiar animal, _it is almost, if not uite, the
ugliest and snarliest piece of ﬂesh on $011!‘ legs.
Beckhsays he would rrnuch rather go into any case
at t e zoo even t e lions’ ea c. than the one
where thedevil is housed. K ,

k 4 ‘*1!

The detective stories in “Mystery Maga-
ziiie”~are dandies or WJZ would not bmiu}.
cast them. . ' V

. \

Mr. Beck shipped 20,000 live rab- .

 
 

 MILLIONS IN
GOLD — WHAT
BECOMES OF
IT

;

 

I What becomes‘

of gold‘! It has
many channels of

d i s a ppearance,
according to ex-
Derts. Figures
show that more
than half of the

, annual output is
5‘ employed *in the
,5 fine arts and jew-
l elry trade. Thou-
 sands of pounds
also are used by
dentists, accord-

} ‘ing to Popular
Mechanics, one

‘E estimate being
5 that over a ton is
E‘ needed every year
_. for the filling of
L; teeth. _Then
’ money is worn
_‘ away in handling,
_ this loss _being
;. placed at $1,250,-
’ » .000 annually.
E Bank of England
sovereigns -are

   

. often tested and
found to have lost
,» ' much of the- orig-
2- inal weight.
‘ the i m in e n s e
" ‘ quantities of the

8-.‘

‘g ' Precious metal
 that have been
E’: lmried away _in
” -theea.rth,itisbe—
-lieved compara-
tively little has
ever been recov-
§~.. cred, The priests
'.“;_ Of Peru are said
53. to have buried

-

  
 

‘;:7‘~ 0!) p r o ximately ‘

:5. $10,000,000
 Worth of treasure
preserve it
froin the clutches
01 their persecu-
tors. None of this
-_ has been found.
‘-2 The tombs of the
‘'35 Kings of
‘E 8 S’ p t w e r e
sure houses,

.- , ense quanti-
 ﬁes of gold and
' . ‘"7818 being in-
-,,‘= ten-ed with them.
;’ ’. It has been esti-
mﬁted by histo-

 

9
r
3

  

 

starians that Al-
.-..-°Xander t e
~‘= Greatbgcamg Rm

 

 of great
' of Bold‘.

 
 

_ Hernia!

No mom steel springs, weighty
cushions. or chaﬁng log straps. LI
lutan amaaing new kind of lup-

 
 
         

” ‘ cost. Free doh'al|a If you will

II I of CW M

ual3.L','t.' rag sciatic: icisnriiﬁi
Ouabonvla, Odo.

. 2/5’ ‘~
//"&‘='*‘

§(l(Lg\(\§,:_\Ti\C—\§ Tradoa giuioi rm
f\\\  1'1: colirec dmw sea

rinanen .

ﬁr , \ gnifortably at
home. Itllthe onl!
can and guaran-
ued patent device
that will actual]!
give you a perfect
loookoisig none. Over

_ , a a t l s f l e d
- users. For 108?!
recommended by Dhillclllll 13 39"‘ °'

factoring Nose Shapers

experience in inanu ode! 25 Junk" for

is at your sel'Vi¢e-

chilVdr!i.i?‘tor free booklet. which tells you

how to obtain a perfect looking nose.

)1. TBILETY, SPECIALIST
mf,_ gag: Blnghamton. N. Y.

 

Habit Cured or No Pay

Anyferm,ci.gla'|l:_-go.‘ 
.n-_ .''g.. IIIIJIII
.si'i"i3i~;n°"‘a"a"<:o. it-‘ziﬁwti-on. ud._

30-°~::..!  "
2-..'.e.-'.-:.."‘.:-‘s-..:r::ii'-.-.'.=r.:.;-_:j_“*" ; 

 

    

lfilodrod. ofha
adv-acoﬂnsﬁonit.

IIAKE. THE BEST CHOCOLATE BARS
Mint: and Chewing Gum. Be my intent.
Everybody will buy ﬁi-om you. Write toda!-

Free Samples.
. lL'l'0N GORDON

lM»Jack.soa St.. Cincinnati, Ohio

I Have Found Out
How to Get Rid of

Superfluoua Hair
At Once

Here ’s—t;e Secret

_I had become utterly discouraged
with a heavy _wth of hair on my
face and lip. tried every way to get
rid of it—all the depilatories I had
heard of, electrolysis, even a razor. I
tried every advertised
remedy, but all were
“muss

I ght it was
hopeless until there
came to me the
simple but truly
wonderful dis-
covery which
has brought
such greatre-
lief and joy to
me and to other
women that it really
cannot be expressed
in words.

My face is now not
only perfectly free
from superﬂuous hair
but smooth and soft
as ababy's, allbyuse
of the simple method
which I will gladly
explain to any woman
who will send her
name and address.

This amazing meth-
od ishdiﬁerent from
anyt ing you
have ever used ‘Q’
—not a powder,  -.
paste, wax or liquid,
not a razor, not elec-
tricity. Itwillremove
superﬂuous hair at
once and will make the skin soft,
smooth andbeautifully attractive. Its
use means an adorable appearance.
And you face the brightest light~
the most brilliant electric lamps-—
even_ the glare of sunlight joyously.

With this method, used according
to the simple directions I will give
you, _your trouble with so rﬂiiuus

air is over permanently. ou will
never again appear with that ugly
growth to disfigure our face.

_So overjoyed was with the results
this discovery brought to me that I
gave it my own name-Lanzette.

Send for Free Book

Abookthattellaiiuthowthiawonderfal
mothodgetnridoflupctlnoiuhiriafrooupon

 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
      
 
   
 

 
 

Q2 

request. Dou'toeadapeuny—-just a letter or.

postcard. AddraAnnetuLanzecte. Dept.
lm6Caro_EIyxienicl4bmwrioLZ)lS.Poorin
Scuschicasotln.

 FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

JTEMS OF INTEREST

WONDERS OF THE INSECT: WOR..D ~

The champion aeronaut is the king grasshop-
per, which has the ability to jump one hundred
times its length, and can sail for a thousand
miles before e wind. The cricket is a powerful
singer, its shrill note sometimes beingheard a
mile away. The males alone are _musical, _and
the females listen to their melodious W00lI_1gS
with ears which are on their forelegs. Being
so musical, it would hardly be expected that they
would be such ﬁghters among themselves as they
are, or cannibals, eating members of their own
ﬁpecdies when there is not enough other food at

an .

FISH GOING IN NORTH SEA

Fisheries ex erts recently have noted with
anxiety that e great ﬁshing grounds of the
‘North Sea, which supply most of the sea food
used on English tables, are becoming rapidly de-
pleted through the energy of trawl ﬁshermen
who, since the end of the orld War, have great-

ly increased in number. , . _ -
The samrcondition, it is pointed out, existed
in 1914, but the World War made ﬁshing on a
large scale virtually impossible, and as a con-
sequence of the four closed years the runs in-
creased greatly. In the last year or so ﬁsher-
men have been forced to go further and further
afield, and it is even suggested that the opening
of-the great ﬁshing grounds off the Falkland Is-
lands might be advisable. This would mean es-

tablishinent of a special service of refrigerating

steamers to bring the catch to British ports.

 

. Henry Ford‘ has decided to discharge an em-
ployee whose breath may smell of Ii or, an even
those whose breaths do not smell at who have
liquor in their homes.

An order to this effect has been posted in the
Ford factory and a copy was brought to rohibi-
tlon headquarters -in ew York recentl by Izzy
Einstein who has been in Detroit making raids.
The‘ order reads:

, “From this date on dismissal without op or-

_ tunity for appeal will be the nalt impo 'on

» any man found to haye the or of cer, wine or
other liquor on his breath or to have intoxicants
on his person or in his home. . «

   
 

 , fundamental law of this country. It was meant
_ tnjbe enforced and so far as our organization is
concerned it is going to be enforced to-the letter."

V/Vsoip MANUFACTURED -BY ANCIENT
~ ’  ' GAULS‘

 tallow and bcechwood ashes.
-the earliest {onus of .soap were used by the

  

:51)’
- 1

thﬁzbair. according to the records
. linftbc  Although ‘mixed

   

'-at

stance, but was often employed in treatment of i 

skin troubles. The Gauls,. it is said, introduced

it into the other parts of the world. To—day "V
the yearly production in this country is estimated '

to be 2,500,000,000 pounds. Not until about the

second century of the Christian era was the vro- .5 .

duct used as a cleansing articles, it is claimed, and
an ancient factory for manufacturing the ma»
terial ilnearthed in the ruins of Pomneii still con-

tained a quantity of it in a good state of _preser- ‘_ —,

vation. Northern Spain and Marseilles later her
came the chief centres of the industry and pro-

duced large amounts of the Castile variety from 

olive and lye. _ _
of soap among. Asiatic peoples are believed to re-
fer to some kinds of mixtures which were devoted

Earlier accounts of the existence "

to purposes entirly apart from those of lyes or .'

cleaning substances.

 

I-‘IERY BREATH  FIRING FOR FORD V

"The Eighteenth Amendment is a‘ part of the I

Germany to give a red-

iiiatoi-ial. any Popufari-J 

Looic, BOYS!
TRAPEZEE

 ’- ....~..ﬁ-."  ,_  .
"  . .-. V 

ALMOST HUMAN IN ITS
ACTIONS!
_ It consists of a handsome parallel
iron frame on which the little yellow_
man accurately performs like an 31:11.

lete.
Five Diﬁerent Stunts —

TliE_ FLYIlVG TRAPEZE — Release the‘

triage!‘-p1_n and the -ﬁgure swing: for-‘,

War - snppms the brass trageze-bar,
catcha

‘ turns a somersault in the air an

a cross-bar by his heels. . »

THROUGH THE LO0P—A swift swing
and he goes through a wire loop, make;
a turn and, catchingby his heels, swing i
head downward from a bar.

THE_ GIANT SWING.— He goes forward
with a rush, releases the tra ze, catch.
a horizontal-bar with his Kgels, makes

\

catches by his heels again. ..
He perfornis two more horizontal-bar
acts Tltll the grace and agility of a 

cus star. and ma ny new ones can be 13.:
vented. _ -
The Most Wonderful To) in

the World!

PRICE . $‘1..~'o \

.1 _The collapsible stand and the little muni-
kin_are neatly packed in a handsome  ‘
Delivered an here in the United sate.
receipt of ce. Address “ .

‘ WOLF!’ NOVELTY C0. . ,_
”".-".34" “'7' l""‘.°'.‘7v 3'.“-'73.”

.; ~..

 

  

 

_1-I

The Acrobatic Wonder Toy, ,_ 

two swift soinersaults in the air and_ 

 

-4-,‘

     
       
 
     
   
   
   
     
      
 
   
   
 

        
     
 
       
       
     
     
       
     
     
       
       
   
    
       

 
 
  

'g*-.

\ ‘_\
Chill Draftsman Dobo

I Guarantee

To Train You Until You Are
Placed in a Position Paying
up to $250 and$300 a Month

Write and I'll tell you how I make you a first-
class, big-money-earning draftsman in a very
few months! I do this by a method no other
man nor institution can imitate. I give you
personal training at home by mail until you
are actually placed in a position paying up to
$250 and $300 a month. Six thousand drafts-
men are wanted every month.

Free Book

Send coupon Today 1-‘

No matter what plans you have for the future. Get
this great book-"Successful Draftsmansliip." Find
out about the simvly marvelous opportunitiesahead
now. How the world needs draftxinen,_ engineers,
architects and builders. What great salaries and poe-

' ' ' thetearel Sendoouponfortreebooktoday.

, Cliidbnltainii, a..i..... i-:..:.....'..: Co.

1951 Lnvneneo Ave. Div. B-109 Chicago. III.

‘590 Drafting Course FREE

There is such an urgent demand for practical, trained Draftsmen that I
am making this special offer in order to enable deserving, ambitious and
bright men to get into this line of work. I will teach you to become a
Draftsman and Designer until you are Drawing a salary of $250.00 a.
month. You_need not pay me for my personal instruction or for the com-
plete set of instruments. But you must take advantage of this special offer at once.

$300 a Month Salary-
$450 on the Side at Home!

That’s the kind of money my drafting students make.
Read what this one says:

“As a beginner! am .doin ﬁne. Am earning a salary
of $300 per month, b€§td€8' made over $450 at home the
last two months, drougzng plans for private parties.

‘ practzcal drafting trammg you gave me by mail put me
where I am in less than six month's study. Thank you for
all your personal interest and help you gave me so far. ’

 

The

(Signed) ]. B.
(Name and address upon request)

This Dutfit I-‘RE E

And more-—l give you a whole set of drafting tool: the minute you
become my student. You get every tool you need. A mngnineent
net of instruments which will build your iiuccell in draft:

   

Cliief Draftsman, Engineers Equipment .

1951 Lawrence Ave. Div. ls-luei Chicgggm.

Without an obligation whatsoever. please mail your back. V

':Successfu Draftsmansliip", and full particulars of your
liberal “Personal Instruction" oﬁet to few stu

N“‘. 427......-one:

uIoillctclliooobtlloocoau

Addnu

........o...-...................u-coco,

 8:-...........d

    
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  

 

“It happened just three years ago. I was
feeling pretty blue. Pay day had come around
again and the raise I'd hoped for wasn’t there.
It began to look as though I was to spend my
life checking orders at a small salary.
“I picked up a magazine to read. It fel-l
open at a familiar advertisement, and a coupon
stared me in the face. Month after month for
 I’d been seeing that coupon, but never
until that moment had I thought of it as
meaning anything to me. But this time I
,read the advertisement t'\yic‘e—ye:, every word!
i “Two million men, it said, had made that
coupon the first stepping stone toward success.
In every line of business, men were getting
splendid salaries because they had torn out» that
Coupon. Mechanics had become foremen and
- -I iuperinte_ndents—-carpenters had become archi-
«— s and contractors—clerks like me had be-

 

' ‘ gnome sales, advertising and business managers

7_because they had used that coupon. '
  “Suppose that I . '. ? What if by studying
..m home nights I really could learn to do some-
 besides check orders? I had a hunch to
, out—and then and there I tore out that
  marked it, and mailed it.»
 i'”"‘That was the turn in the road ‘for me.
V 2 Schools at Scranton suggested Just the

-u - of training I needed and they worked
;.. every hour I had to spare.
<4.  lix Inontlu I was in clurigo of my division.

DU

’ hrdbe bled. Adl’v
 ‘ "l ‘,.“nmci;.”¢i:g?unoe‘ ‘ . 'I“io‘dIy I was Ipiiointed

   
  
   
  

\-

 

“The Best Hunch I Ever Had!”

manager of our Western oﬁice at $5,000 a year.
Tearing out that coupon three years ago was the
best bunch I ever had." _

For thirty-two years, the International Correspon-
dence Schools have been helping men to win
promotion. to earn more money, to have happy, pros-
perous homes, to get ahead in business and in life.

You, too, can have the position you want in the
work you like best. Yes, you can! All we ask is
the chance to proveiit.

Without cost. without obligation, just mark and
mail this coupon. Do it right now! '

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
Box 44914,‘ Scranton. Fun.
with In con bl‘ ti , 1 ii ’ h '

the posintion or ii: tflhlllgll-bjgiriil {€733 vilxichml 1133'. Ill|:t:03u::l'i1'u

BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES
Business Management Sllesmanshlp
industrial Muunlnent Advertising

Personnel Oi-nnintin Better Letters

‘Truiiic Mnmlement Show Card I ttaring
Bulinosl Law ‘ Stenoizraph Ind Typing
Blnklnz and Rankin: Luv Business Enziuh

‘_ \ ‘ C.P.A.) Civil Service

,.‘Mi-hnimn rust .«\ceuunIin|' Railway Hail Clerk
-1 3°0“P!'DlnZ Common School Subjects
Private Secretary . High Sehmi Subjects
""""-h E French Iiiuetrsting D cunoomu
TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

llectricll "' “ “ Architect

Electric Lil. Arehlteeu‘ Blue Print:

mu
Mechanical Engineer
Koehnniui wnruuun
Machine Shun Practice
luiiruld Positions

Contractor and Bull-ier
Architectural Drattszuus
Culerete Builder
Structural Ea inner
Chemistry é_PhAi-new

e

Cirll In

Surveying zeniirlhpﬂng 

yeisililrn Nnicatlon

. Inn Euzinoorine Axdeulturu and Poultry

"1" Iiathusetin
Nun:
strut
Ada... 5'I'3§ Q
Cl" nu.


Gigs! Odvrvou-Ifdnu Dual; 0

"'- “-"“_. lleatrub Danae.

Q

 

  

 

x l

‘ ;_ yscEsAIuos' {{,?,}’.,".n."1!,,,-;M

   

. am A Favorite of Fortune; or, su-mug it R

‘M4 The

A ‘ V scenarios. sixty Lessons. covarlns 0'"

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

-— LATEST Issuns --

945 Andy the Mill Boy; or, Rising to the ‘fog
M0 Fame Before the Footlighta; or, The oy Who
Boned the Theatre. ' ,
947 Lucky Lee the Otﬁce Boy; or, The Nervleat Lag in
New York

948 Sure to Get Rich; or, A Smart Young Messenger.

949 Pushing It Thromzh: or. The Fate of a Lucky Day.

960 A létgrn speculator; or. The Young Sphinx of Wall
. reet. ' ‘

9.’-l The Way to Success; or. The Bo Who Got There.

952 Struo-it Oil; or. The Boy Who‘ ade a Million.

963 A golden Risk; or. The Young Miners of Della

ms.

964 A Sure Winner; or, The Boy Who Went Out With a

Circus.

For sale by all newsdunlera. or will be sent to any ad-
dress on receipt or price. ‘lc. per copy. In honey or‘ pos-
tage at.amnI- »

THE FOLLOWING NIJSIBEBS PRICE 8 CENTS

.955 Golden Fleece; or. The Bay Brokers of Wall Street.
950 A Mad (Tap Scheme; or, The Boy Treasure Hunters
of (‘ones Island.

‘957 Adrift On the World; or, Working His Way to For-‘_

tune.
968 Playing to Win: or. The Foxiest Boy in Wall Street.
959 Tattera; or. a Bar From the Slums. -
suo A iggnnlﬁ Monte crmo; or. The Richest Boy‘n the
0|’ .

Ml Won by Pluck: or. The Boys Who Ran a Railroad.

962 " Bettina the Brokers; or, The Boy Who Couldn't
. . Be Done.

m A Rolling Stone: or. The Brightest Boy on Record.

No-WT] Say Die: or. The Young Surveyor of Happy

Va ey.

065 Ross of the Market; or. The Greatest Boy in Wall
‘ street.

966 The (‘ham-e of His Life; or. The Young Pilot of

Crytal Lake.

967 Striiving for Fortune; or. From Bell-Boy to Million-
a re *

968 Out for Business- or, The Smartest Boy in, T%'WI‘il.
ch n a
Street.

2:70 Through aick and Thin; or, The Adventures of I

smart I. V

971 Doing His Level Best: or. Working ‘His Way’ 13%

972 Al;v'ay; on Deck; or. The Boy Who Made is

at .

973 A Mint of Money; or, The Young Wall Street
Broker.

Ladder of Fameyor. From Olllce Boy to
Senator. r

M5 On the Square: or. The success of an Honest Boy.

and After a Fortune: or. The Plnckieslt Boy in the West.

on Winning the dollars; or .'l‘he Young Wonder of
Wall Street.

978 illakimr Fits Mark:-or. The Boy Who Became
President.

979 Heir to a Million: or. The Boy Who Was Born

Lucki. _ *
mo Lost in the Andes: or. The Treasures of the Buried

it]. —
I181 On His wattle: or. A Plucky Bov in Wall Street.
982 A Lucky Chance: or. Taking Fortune on the wing.
has The Road to Success; or, The Career of a For-
tunate Boy. . _ .
Clan-ins Pointers; or. The Luckiest Boy in Wall

Street.
ow Rising in the World: or. From Factory Boy to
Manager. _

HAIRY K. WOLFE. Publisher, lieu
. lﬂ Wad 284! Itroot New York Cit!

 
 

 

Prlea8lCeatsPcrCOP1.th

This book contains all the most reeen c ante!
in Qhe method‘ of conurution and IIIi!llli;‘Ilia0‘l: 3'5
N 2 an
mfm§0uF?::n.:::  I roll: glad u:
agjnga, ﬁ cents, in llonay or poltlle "3393. In
-—sr_,a will snail you all. Postsae tree. Address.‘
,l

    

A  I10 Iovonth Ava.» 170' ‘"5 3- Y’

r.

ous TEN-CENT HAND sooxsi 
Useful, instructive, and Amusing. 11;» oadda 

 
  
   
 
   
    
   
 
    
 
   
    

Valuable information on A
Every Snhieet.

‘No.29. HOW TO BECOM N lN\'l]N'l'0B.——EV
boy should know how inventions originated. This hm
explains them ailﬁgiving exalnplme in electricity. by-.
dranlica. magne ism, optics, pm-nmatics, mechanics. etc.

No. 30. HOW 1'0 CO0K.—(ine of the most instructive‘
books on cooking ever publislled. It contains reci
for cooking meats, nsh..xame, and oysters; also
puddings, cakes and all kinds of pastry, and a gm
collection of recipes. 

No. 31. HOW T0-KEEP. HOUSE.-— It contains informa-
tion for everybody, bo a, girls, men and women; it will, .
teach you how to ma e almost everything around the;
house, such as parlor ornaments, brackets. cements, 5.
Aeolian harps. and bird lime for catching birds. i «A

No. 38. HOW TO BECOME YOUR OW’! D0("I'0lL— '
A wonderful book, containing useful and practical in«
formation in the treatment of ordinary diseases and aii- >
ments common to every family. Ahounding in useful —
and effective recipes for general complaints. 

Na. 40. HOW TO MAKE AND HET 'l'RAPs.—includ- -
lug hints’ on how to catch molos, wt-nsels. otter, rats. .
squirrels and birds. Also how to cure skins. ‘Copioualy
illustrated. '

No. 4|. THE BOYS OF NEW YORK END MEN'S.‘
JOKE nook.» Puntaining a great variety of the late!‘ ‘
Jokes used by the. most famous end men. No amateur"
mlnstrel is complete without this wonderful little book.

No. 42. THE BOYS OF NEW YORK S'l‘U.\lP— -
SP!-2Al(ER.~Coutuinin¢ a varied assortment of stu 
speeches. Negro. Dutch and Irish. Also end mom .
Jgkea. Just the thing for home amusement and amateur 
S OFT. -

No. 45. THE BOYS OF NEW YORK SIINSTBIL
GUIDE AND JOKE B00l(.—Something new and very
instructive. Every boy should obtain this book, as it "
contains full instructions for organizing amateur Inin- "
strel troupes. - 

No. 52. HOW TO PLAY CABﬂ8.—-Giving the Nile:
and full directions for playing Euchre. Cribbage, Cnsdno,‘
Forty-Five, Rounce, Pedro Sancho, Draw Poker, Ane-
tiou Pitch, All Fours. and many other popular gamea of g
cards. . »

No. 68. HOW TO WRIT LE'I"I‘l1IS.-—A wonderful 
little book. telling you how o write to your sweethaa .5
your father, mother, sister. brother. employer; and.,in' 
fact, everybody and anybody you wish to write ‘to. _ 

‘No. 54. HOW TO KEEP AND MANAGE Pl'l‘I.—'-'
Giving complete information as to the manner and
method of raising, keeping, taming, breeding, and Iran-
agina all kinds of pets: also giving full instructions for -‘
making cages. etc. Fully explained by twenty-eithx,
illustrations. 

No. 56. now To coLuI:c'r s'rA.\Irs AND coma‘-
Pontaining valuable information regarding the compt-
in: and arranging of stamps and coins. Flandaonely
illustrated. _ ,

No. 5'1. HOW TO MAKE JIUSICAL INRTRUIKNYI.
.—‘li‘nli directions how to make a Banjo. Violin, Zither.
Aeolian llarp. Xylophone and other musical instru-
ments: togettier with a brief description of nearly ova’:
musical instrument used in ancient or modern thud.
Prnfusely illustrated. By Algernon R. Fitzgerald. lor
twenty years bandmaster of the Royal Bengal Marinas.

No. 158. HOW TO BECOME A DETECTIVE.-B! OK
King Brady, the world-known detective. in which hob’;
down some valuable and sensible rules for betianasa:
and also relates some adventures and experiences ‘
well-known detectives,  4

No. on. now -ro mucous A rno'roonArnnI.—p“
Containing useful information regarding the m "
and how to work it; also how to make Photo
Magic Lantern Slides and other Transparencies. Hand-
somely illustrated. - —

No. 04. HOW TO MAKE l:I.l.'C‘l‘lIlCAL IAOI
Containing full directions for making electrical Xvm‘
chines, inductions coils. dynamoa, and many novel 1;,
to be worked by electricity. By 1!. A. ll. Bennett.
illustrated. ' «*1

,l‘orsaielbyIllnowadsalorl.ofW|ll5OlC¢“d \

ad resa on receipt of price. we. Der eﬂwu. ‘ _
, .in porn: or stansI.~b! ' ~

assay a. wour; mass. In. 
ms was an Street W" _Y"*

 

 

    