I;m'n'e.1.1i _5'rrnn./-(1.: . M.1tt:'r‘«1!t}1r N. Y. r'‘u5! « ‘_".mg , ‘L CV1 H‘: I 'l‘ k\ :~m'1H, 7.,-Sn A\3‘.‘:'n.‘/.' .-1:‘:'., .V. Y.

Kssxmi H ':r~{.-'y, }a‘;./

No. 533 NEW YORK, man no, 1907. Price, Five cenis

3-5 mm at 51.1!
rw/’EZ'27§"z’3'-2'75:

Nick was on the point of withdrawing his head from the interior of the hack. when he lelt
something whiz past his cheek and bury itself in the cushions of the carriage.

    

 

 

 

"0

 

R] n snijcifnrnn

EKLV

  

\

 

i V i.bs‘ud Wally. By subscription .92.;-o per year. Extend as Second-class Alqtter at III: N. Y. Part 0ﬂ_ic:. 69 STREET a suxra. 7o-ab Semtk Avenue,
- " N. Y. Extend accardingto Act of anugres: in the year um. I» the Oﬂice of Me Libnmau al Coxrrm. Waslungtan. D. C'-

  

{No.533.

NEW YORK, March 16, 1907.

Price Five Cents. _

I

  

racing an Unseen Terror

OR,

 NICK CARTER’S DAY OF BLUND-RS.

    

Edited by “CI-IICKERIN G CARTER.

 
   

CHAETER I. ‘
A MURDER IN A CROWD.

7,.
“That man is a criminal!” . -
‘ﬁve words smote upon Nick Carter's sense of
A 3 pxainly as if they had been addressed to him,
 he wheeled suddenly to discover who had
i  he found that he could‘ form no deﬁnite
upon that point. '
waspgun-ounded by many men; they were standing
‘ ‘tide of «him; they were moving hither and
‘thrmag1uh¢ throng, jostling one another, shoving
 elbows, and conducting themselves exactly as
i alwaymdo in a crowd. ,. r
. * 7 1-1;; prided himself upon, his ability
’_aound;’ ' for. once. at least, he was at fault,
' -  away. Moreover. it was not lxluﬂ
’ i   ddressed to,him, or even that
i ' tomcat. »H°+§"!51°535 :‘’’°”‘
K have said it, and against whom

     
     
      
     
     
      
      
  

  

  

  

    
  

 

‘sudden impulse, had entered Madison Square Garden

who might have made the” remark 'A
xOVCl'h€31'iﬂ such A place.

v-“DoubtIcs-s two. men were (li3¢3"535'-*8 50"": mlitliﬁ

 

during the middle of the afternoon as he was passing
that way. It happened that the hunters were being
judged at the time, and he had edged his way along until
he stood close to the rail, where he could see into the
ring, although to do so he was obliged to peer over the
shoulders of several who were standing in front of him.
His mind had been absorbed in contemplation of the
spectacle, when he overheard that rather startling sen- '.
tence of ﬁve words already recorded; and when he looked
around him in the effort to determine the souroe of 
remark, he saw only a group of faces, each as absorbed,
in the interest of the show as he had been beforevptiitt
remark disturbed him. . . e. H
V After a moment he shrugged his shoulders and smilcdx
thinking to himself that the statement bald merely been”
one of many thousand casual remarks which 03¢ W51

   
   

  
     
    
   
    
      

1; 3
“It isn’t likely that it referredzto , ;P¢f5°i3 who
present here now," wasvhis  °°m"‘°“ts 33‘

 
 

     

qualntanee 1"‘ l V . =

 ..._.a_p.

   
  
    
  
  
  
   
 
   
   
   
    
   

‘-j  large, black hunter was just taking the bars ,-in a
_..splendid leap which at the ﬁnish elicited a storm of ap-
proval from the spectators; but the shout of approval
was changed into a cry of warning as the horse, on alight-
ying,_turned its arched neck and bit viciously with its
iwicked~looking jaws at the legs of the man in the saddle.
\. , Nick leaned forward with the rest, to obtain a better
 View of horse and rider, surprised, as others had been,
‘ at /such an exhibition of temper on the part of a horse-
which, though high spirited, seemed otherwise kind and
docile.

ll» ;¢But the detective’s interest in the horse and its rider

 the voice a second time.
' i_ .“.The man is a criminal,” it said.
«I Again Nick turned round to discover who had spoken;
 he was puzzled to the source of the remark. ..
Among the"dozen or more countenances into which he
Red there was not one which he could select :l's~ proba~
. belonging to the man who had spoken. 7
 very one was peering forward. Every neck was
eraned. Every individual interest‘ seemed to be centered
upon the scene inside the ring.
And even there, after the first moment of surprised
tement over the action of the horse, the incident was
tten.
T Again the detective shrugged his shoulders, and was
' :to dismiss the subject from his thoughts, when
 the opposite side of him the voice sounded again‘. *
This time it came to him /in a shrill whisper, and this
 he did not doubt thatit was intended for him. '
 But, exactly as it had been each time before, not one ,
facesinto which he looked‘ seemedlto him to belong
-owner of the voice, and the detective began to
i ‘if he ‘were not really the victim of the joking
 Qﬁrentriloquist ' "

\ But. -he dismissed that thought at once, for it was
, , ' 5 time or a place for such horseplay as that.
‘file  remained where he was" for a long time
 no attentionwhateverto the horses in
~ pbugsdevoung his energies‘ entirely to the effort

 theisource of those remarks; but, although he
 was alert all the tixne.,the interruption
 and at last he reluctantly withdrew
of the crowd and was about to‘
the Gafﬂén.-‘(when he felt a hand  uponhis
_i -« me; sir.’  a» voice, say atithe same
guild, turning, that one ofthe men
W004 “W  ‘*8’ 'E*v'°.“i‘.W=$.

  
   

  

  
  
  

      
        
  
  

  

  
        
 
       
 
 
     

 

   
 

‘xx.

.53’:

NEW NICK CARTER .WEEKLY. l «

it had been to himself, after all, that the remarks had i
been addressed. a ' A ». ~
Tlie man was tall and spare, and was elegantly

dressed. His long, thin, lean face was sallow, his eyes
were preternaturally bright, and were overhung by
shaggy iron~gray brows, and he wore a shapely, droop— ‘
ing mustache. ' . _, V

In that ﬁrst brief glance Nick decided that he was a
handsome man prematurely gray. He also rated him as
a society dilettante, an exquisite, and as one who was
doubtless well known by many others in the throng that
moved about him.

He was rather too ostentatiously dressed. His clothes
were in the height of fashion; he wore a profusion of
jewelry for a man; he was decidedly interesting; and
there was a certain air of distinctiori about him which
was plainly apparent. . I 9:

.“We.ll ?” inquired the detective, raising his brows in-
terrogatively.

“Did you see him?” asked the man eagerly. “I, saw
that you were looking at him.” f

“See who?” asked the detective. .

“ ‘ "fellow I pointed‘ out.to you; the one I spoke:
about.” _ A ,

“I think, my dear sir, that you will have to be rather ,a
more ‘explicit than you are,” said Nick, moving a little . ii
to one side and approaching a spot where the crowd«\$;§
was less dense; and then, as they came to a pause a J_ {
second time, he added: ’ A I 

“Do you mean that it was you who attempted to call - ”
my attention to somebody whom you supposed to be a. T
criminal?” . -

The man nodded a vigorous reply. i .

“Yes,=” he said. “That is it. I told you twice-_—no,.
three times--that the man is a criminal. You heard
me P”, , .

“Yes, I heard you. To whom did you refer ?” . _,:

The ‘detective had begun to think that he had. encoun—
tered a crank, or at least a man who was not exactly in
his right. mind. A . ‘. V . .
' “I referred, of course, to the mail on the horse,” re;
pliedthe stranger-  . 

“The man on the horse? Which horse? There were
many horsesein the ring at the time,”—. ~. 7

“I know. The man on the black horse. I thought
saw him.” ' < . I .

“No doubt I did see him. But why did you 
about him at all? And, what is more important, 
you speak to me about him ?" ‘ -‘ U. T
V *,‘Because I saw that you were looking at him” :';:

.£fWell?” \ _  Z  V _ 
I thought possibly that you had recognized -the
n 1 ‘f . , p M _  _ _ _

 
 
      
  
  
        

  

      
  
   
  

  
      
      
  

 

z.

  

,..

  

wile: fact.?”, . 5.  “ '
This the mi:

 

     
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
     
  
     
  
   
 
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
    
   
      
    
      
     
      
 
  
  
       
    

can” truthfully say to you that’I had no such
1 t,” said Nick slowly, ﬁxing his eyes steadily upon

* at all. I would not recognize him now if I were to
"itihim face to face. I was interested in the {horse}
I y, ‘

_,“That is to be regretted, sir.. I am sorry that I inter-
ited you.” ' 

The stranger would have turned away then if the de-
ve had not detained him; but he put out a restraining
I ‘mid said:

,“Wait a moment, please. Tell me what you are talk-

about, won’t you?” i _ K

The stranger paused, raised his heavy brows, and

'led; and then, with an expressive shrug of his shoul-
_rs,{he said: ' -

“I am, of course, talking about the man in the ring;
iitlbut the man who rode‘ the black horse—-the horse that
0 the big jump. ,-

_‘fYm, I know.” i , \

“I was watching him. :1 came here to-day to watch
I . I was curious to discover how he would comport
v: f, here in this place. I happened to be standing
there when you joined the group—-when you elbowed
no way, in among us, and so got near to the rail. , I
w’that you were interested 'in the same man--or be-
I A” I did; so I watched you as’ well. And then I made
.}emark I did, because I believed that you would —v
, I see now that I made a mistake. I beg
pardon, sir.” ‘
’One moment,~” said "Nick," “Tell me why you think

 a criminal?” R 

I do not think that he is a criminal; I know that he
,, I .

H I

  

I you tell me hosfv you know that?”
"yo. _ It would not interest you. I will bid you good
 '35,-3' .

  

 necessary. "Good aftemoon,.sir. I do not
 it  not ngggssary that you should know me.":
, before the detective could suggest anything that
'  may longer, the maqhad shoved his
’ 1 oehérsfand in a moment more Nick,
 ﬁn, spa;-¢_ﬁgurc as it dodged hither and
 peopje, until at last, it was lost to view.

 am; .11, Carter?" said another voice,

   

 
 

 M ﬁg-g," and he tapped his forehead
1: V.‘     J

. s3‘xw_Irm h¢5é€¥!'e.,tl1at I,kn°w_°f---. I 

     
  

saw him :a1king;m;yoﬂ{.;Th‘at ,
. »>  .3. "

{ 5 ‘

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. , ‘ 3 ‘

Conner did not complete the sentence, for at that in-
stant a loudand startling shout came to them from to-
ward the opposite end of the building, and at once the
crowd began to surge in that direction; and then from
lip to lip was passed the horrifying intelligence that
murder had been committed. '

“Come !" said Nick; and he leaped the barrier into the
ring, closely followed by Conner, so they were able to
rnake their way rapidly toward the scene of the excite-
ment. ’ A

Already several of the policemen on duty in the ‘I
Garden had gathered around and were endeavoring to
keep the crowd back; but Nick and Conner were in-_
stantly recognized by the oﬂicers of the law, and thus
were enabled to pass quickly through the throng until
they stood together within the ring of densely packed
humanity, and found themselves looking down upon the
cause of all the excitement. ’

And that cause was the dead body of a man who had
been stricken down in the midst of the crowd——and the
body was that of the same individual who had so lately
spoken with the detective.

CHAPTER II. ,
A HORSE THAT TRIED TO KILL. ‘

The eyes of the dead man were open and staring.
One might say that there was an expression of horror
in them, only that if the truth be told there is always an A
expression that is akin to horror in dead eyes that are
open.

A terrible blow at the top of the forehead had crushed
in the skull, a blow which had unmistakably been made
by the shod hoof of a horse, and at first glance this
sekmed to be the primary, and, in fact, the only, cause
of death. V I . _

But as the detective stepped nearer to the bod and
bent over it, he saw that under the left ami of the body,
and rather toward the back, the hilt pf a weapon of,‘
some kind was sticking out, and he knew instantly from
th t that the man had'been stabbed before he received the
bl w from the horse's hoof. I I .

A groom was standing nearat hand with a 
blanket thrown over his arm, and, seizing this, the  V
tective threw it over the body, effectually concealing it
from view, and then, with Conner to aid him, hedirectecl’.
that the body; should be conveyed at once to one of the‘
administration-roorhs of the building. . I I g ,

There, with policemen stationed outside the door, on‘-
guard, tofeply to all questions and.to hold the crowd 
bay until the arrival of the coroner. Nick and Comer.
locked themselves inside ithe ’room~Withd::¢ corpse.’

It nogunﬁr Q » 'lthe rwassecuieiy
mafia metal? usayanke: am} carted 

."_q

 

  
 

  
    

 

  

I

  
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
   
 

’ . f‘l:ook'therc, Con," he said.
I of that.”

-1 .. Conner bent forward and devoted a moment of silence
to an inspection of the odd—looking hilt or handle of a
weapon; and when he did straighten up, he said, with an
expressive shrug:

 “If the hor hit him first, what was the use of the
stab, Nick? Ed if the stab hit him lirst, what was the
"use of the horse?” ’

“Good, Conner!” was the instant ‘reply. “I did not
think you would hit upon that at once. I think that the
1 ‘stroke from the horse’s hoof was an accident.”

Conner was silent ‘a moment, then he nodded his head.

,“It’s a murder, all right, Nick,” was his comment.
"Faith, I made up my mind to that the moment I heard
 shout, out there; and it’s a little strange, too, that in-
" tantly I thought of the funny duffer I had seen talking
« to you. Now, will you tell me why——-—”

“ =: “-Wait a moment, Con,” interrupted the detective. “I
.-went to go outside a moment: but I want you to remain
t=‘ here on guard while I am gone; will you?”

,i .“Sure. .
 ‘,“If the coroner comes, ask him to defer his examina~
fjtions until I return. Ask him to do me the favor not to
touch the body until then; will you?”

“Tell me what yougthink

 

    

   
 

“Wait a minute, Nick. -Maybe you're going out to

’ dozen men here, [under me, in plain clothes, and I
 the word to haye them round-up everybody who
if the accident, to get their names and addresses, and
statements as they could, from them.” ,
~ ‘That’: all  Con. I knew that you had done
' SI , .

  

The detective went out then, and he proceeded directly
‘the haseinent of the,_building, where the show-horses,
may of them, were temporarily stabled.

 the “accident” had ceased to be the general
- V _of‘eonversation; such is the temper of a New York
a , rather, its temperanient. I “Accidents will
_.  and the sooner they are forgotten, the

   

A  in ﬁnding at once the big. black

I with the strangeiman, now dead; and as

  

173.5 Standiﬂﬁand   ’upon him as/if with
 had him in charge

   
  

N'EVlV NICK CARTER \VEEKLY.

‘  to something that I have already seen to. I have '

  shown in the ring atthe time of. quietly: and then, without paying any further attention"

The hostler started back a step, then he laughed.

“I guess you're dreaming, mister," he said then.

“Dreaming about what?” asked the detective.

“This horse ain't killed no man. It was him that did ,
it. It was another hoss that looks like him.” 

“Was it? I did not ask you if this horse had killed a 
man. I asked you if you were up above with this horse
at the time the man was killed."

“Oh! Yes, I was.”

“Did you see the man killed?”

“Say, look here, what do you think I am, anyhow? ,
Do you suppose that I want a lot of coroners and fly 
cops and all that sort of thing chasing around after me if
for the rest of the week? Well, I rather guess not, .‘=
mister. I ain’t answering any questions.” I.

'Without a word of comment, Nick sprang the latch of 
the half-door of the box stall and threw it open; and 
then, as he was about to step inside, the hostler threw 
himself in front of him; or, rather, he attempted to do is
so, for he did not quite succeed; but as the detective en- .
terell the stall, the man followed him aggressively, and’ I
doubtless would have seized him by the arm to prevent ',
the entrance, had not something in the expression of .:4_.
Nick’s eyes, as he turned them upon the fellow, caused I
him to withhold his hand. .

But he was none the less aggressive, for all that.

“You ain’t allowed in these stalls, rriister,” he said. .

Without replying, Nick passed directly around the '5‘
horse to his fore feet, and picked up the rightone in his 
grasp; but as he did so the hostler recovered his courage, f;
and, reaching out, be seized Nick by one arm and forci- 
bly pulled him away from the animal; ‘and then he 9
stepped quickly between the detective and the horse, and, 
doubling his fists, he ‘snarled: . "

“I don't know who you may be, and 'I don't care,
either; but if you think you can come nosing around
down here and running things ‘to suit yourself,lyou' are
much-———” ' - . ,

. He did not get any farther in what he was about to
say,..for the reason that Nick seized him and spun him
around like a top, and sent him whirling out through;;7
the door of the stable into the corridor; if

“If you attempt to come inside of this stall again until
I am through here, I will make you regret it,” said Nick

 
        
      
     
    
 
      
  

   
     
   
   

      
     
    
   

   
   
   
  

  

   
 
  

  

to the man. he turned once more to the horse.

A moment of inspection assured him that the forward
hoofs of the horse had been carefully polished since
raurn to the stall; he realized that the hostler had 
ceased his work of polishing them as he approached, ” -
that if there had been blood~stains upon the iron shoes.
upon the hoofs, they had been eﬁectually removed g_
forehis arrival. ' ' ' I

   
    
   
 
 

    
    

   
  
 

,_ -He looked ism then, andghe ,fwiv’vhere a~
fcupbaa'rdjhad been  .int§'

 

  

   
   
 
  
   
     
  
   
 
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
    
       
    
   
    
     
    
    
  
 

   

_ ‘I.

__ _  the door of this, he, found. inside cloths and
» -., and other impediments for such occasions.

after a moment of inspection, he folded it and
4 -to put it in one of his pockets.

(A e hostler, who had been leaning over the top of th7
=-door, watching him, now called out angrily:

ey, there! What are you doing? Swiping my
,~ "2 .

7”

.0‘

-detective turned to reply; turned so that his back
:‘‘_toward the horse, and so that he faced the man who
‘1 framed in the doorway——and he still held the cha

U ‘ kin in his hand preparatory to putting it in his
as he was about to make a laughing rejoinder
 man’s question, he saw the expression of the
i ‘a face _; saw that the man's eyes were
«-  upon sotpethinggbehind him; saw that
‘fellow was trying to cry’ out a warning without being
 a sound——and he turned quickly.

' ’   barrel towered over the
' The jaws of the ‘horse were open, showing
.-m; teeth; the eyes of the animal were blazing;
eet were pawing in the air, and he was in the
?'act“of  at the defenseless detective when
gdiscovered him. a
, Carter's ﬁrst emotion was one of amazement,
horse had been as docile as a kitten until that
j; but it was an instant fraught with danger as
gdassimnainent as any he had ever facedgand he
 second that _he saw his peril, for everybody
H ’ anything at all about horses knows that a
luitinghorseis thrioeas dangerous as one

  
  

   
 

   ~

 r overit';knockmgj“ ' _.thehostle_rto
 his feet ‘out-
i  to face #1-e .madd=n¢§ eeimﬂ

  tongue, slowly’.

 
  
  

  

  

 ‘ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. '

 with another he reached the 

J

foe—but striking blindly all the while, as if his own
excess of temper had thoroughly blinded him. ‘

And as Nick watched him, he gradually became
quieter; he dropped down upon all fours again: he closed
his jaws; the distention of his nostrils subsided; the

rage went out of his eyes, and in a moment more he" was

standing as quietly in his stall as if nothing had hap
pened, andithere was not a’ thing about him to suggest
the paroxysm through which he had just passed, save the
heaving of his sides as he panted to regain his breath.

.“That was strange!” said the detective, speaking more
to himself than to the hostler, who had now rather
timorously drawn nearer; but the man replied:

“You ought to thank your stars, mister, that you got
out uh there alive. He ain't safe to monkey with,-that
hoss ain't.”

"‘Is he often taken that way?” asked Nick, as if with
becoming indifference.

“Not often, mister. ’But he is sometimes.
that yourself.”

“What was it that started him? He seemed quiet and
kind enough, when I first went inside the stall.”

“Yep. But it was because I thought he might hurt
you, that I tried to keep you out. I suppose he thought
it was me when you first went inside; but when he found
out the difference, he let loose, that's all.” There was a

You saw

{leer of cunning inrthe man’s eyes which interested the

detective, although he pretended not to notice it; and
again he asked:
“What started him?”

“I suppose it was the smell—————” The man stopped ' ’

abruptly and scowled. Then he swore, under his breath,
and the detective smiled. , "
“That is just about what I supposed," said the de-
tective quietly. “It was the smell; the smell of that
chanois, eh. that I took out of the cupboard and was
holding in my hand? Tell me, my man, how much
 would it require, paid into your hand, to induce

«V.
youtoenterthatstallwiththatparticular raggedskin 

in yourihand, and hold it for an instant under the horse's

‘nose? How much money would it take to induce you to

r

do that? Eh?”

“It would take a sight more’n'you’ve got, mister!  
can tell you that!” was the hot reply.  ~ .

T

‘CHAPTER III.
‘run: Inrsranv or A 1-urunn. 

2

Nick waited a moment   
- - concerning that 

       
  

   
    
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
 

  .5 , 4

\

“Or-for anybody at all?” continued the detective.

‘ “No—-that is———” I

\ The man stopped suddenly, and again the detective
' noted that cunning expression in his eyes; but he set his
jaws ﬁrmly together, and remained silent.

_ “Go on,” said the detective.

“I’ve said all that I am going to say, mister. I don’t
know who you are, or why you come nosiﬁg around
:_ down here; but I suppose you’re one of them plain-
clothes men——ﬂycops, eh?”

, “Possibly. I want to ﬁnd out why the horse killed the
man.” _

Again the cunning in the hostler’s eyes. .

“Maybe the man had the chamois skin in his pocket,”
he sﬁggested, witha leer; but Nick paid no attention to
the intended sarcasm; instead, he altered the style‘ of his
 questioning.

“I would like to know,” he said, “how it was that you
dar to use that particular piecle of chamois to polish
I the horse’s hoofs,‘after he was brought back to his stall.”
“Go to——blazes!” exclaimed the man. “I ain’t going

to say no more.” ’

i -“No? What would you think, my man, if I were to
charge that horse with murder, and arrest the animal ?"
.,~“I would think that you’re a bigger fool than you look
tobe, and that would be saying a lot.” -
‘l‘fAnd, al , if I should arrest you as an accessory be-
fore and a er the fact P:' I .

“Well, that would be about in keepingwith the rest,
 I suppose you think that you’re smart, but I
guess you're the only one that has that opinion. The
 didn't mean to strike the man at all. He struck at
‘me and missed me, and hit the man. That's. all there is’
 it, if you must know.”

“Oh! So you are ready to admit, now, that, this horse
‘d kill the man, are yog ?” \

“Yes.” .- .
that it was quite an accident that he hit

    

 

  

  
  
   
    

xfiaidyou say
*th.{’cman?"*

  

 

   
 

. .lY_i:s."i

»"'I’-ell menow why the horse struck at you?” .
“I,\don’t; know as I can tell you that, unless it was that
wentiupafter him with that rag that he hates so, in

 
  

at in front of his now without thinking at all about’

* ti-ia.t—-that man happened’ to~be standing in thez;

hegotit. That’a‘én.” ‘ =
theman?” " _ . ‘

s I’pose_ I knourwho’ he,wis?”

svrhohe   '  

up there with the -old sl-:in«rag2'n ,my hand, and

  

  
 
 

    

w‘ 7

NEW “NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“Who was the man who rode the horse when the
hunters were being judged?”

!‘I don’t know that, either.”
‘(What !» '

“Well, I don’t.”

“How does that happen?”

“The boss ain’t here; ain’t been here today, at all;
ain’t likely to be here. But along a couple uh hours ago
a fellow comes down here with a note from him, and he
says to me that the boss can’t come; that he’s sick, or

something-——drunk last night, I supposea—and that he had I

brought an order from him to let hirn-—-the fellow, I
mean—ride Arab in the hunter class for the boss. So,I

ﬁxes him up—Arab, I mean-—and gets him ready, and 
the stranger takes him as soon as I leads him to the '.

ring; and that’s the last I see of him until after the
judging is over, and the fellow puts the bridle-rein into
my hand and thanks me without ever passing me a tip,
or anything; and then when I reaches out my hand to
take the hoss, I has the rag in it, and up Arab gets into
one of his ﬁtsqand you know the rest.”

“Tliat all sounds extremely lucid and plain,’ replied
the detective. “NV ill you explain why you did not give
me all this information at once?” ., 7

“Well, I didn't know who you were, did I?”

“You don’t know that yet, do you?”

“No; but I'm beginning to guess.”

“Who was the man who rode the horse? \Nhere was ‘

he—,--but answer the first question. Who was he?"
“I tell you I don’t know.T’
' “Don't you know his name?”
“No.”

“You say that he brought you a letter from your ‘

boss ?” A ’ ~
’ “Yes.”

“Where is the letter ?”
“You can search me.” _ ‘
“Haven’t you got it?”
“No.”
"What did you do with it 3"
“Gave it back to the feller that broughtit, after I 

read it." ‘ » V
"Why did you do that?"
“He asked for it.’l'
‘-‘Where is the man now ?”
“I ain’t seen him since_the accident.”
“Are youxquité sure of that?”
“Of course I am.”

  
   

 
 

“Did he not come down here with you, when 

‘ brought the horse back ?”

 ‘wwwwsmof ’

“No; he didri’t. I ain’t seen him sence, I tell you.
“And you do not remember his name?”

. “No, I don’t.” - ., ;’* "

'  -Your boa

  

 

 

 
     
    

   

         
     
  
   
  
   
 
      
 
 

    
 
    
 
   
   
 
 
    
   
  
    
  
   
   
  
  
    
   
   
 

‘working foi Mr. Damon, if that’ll do you any.
a a to know.”
V if,” said the detective, smiling. ‘V‘In that case, the
“I -who came to you with the‘letter should have been
’,.Pythias.”
e made the remark lightly. enough, for want of
. ', 'ng better to say, but he was astonished atthe
éct it produced upon the hostler. The man started
. , half «gasped, and then, after a moment of hesitation,
‘ngd broadly, as he said: _
1, ‘ell, you're a pretty good guesser, mister. You’re
=- b atit, you are! That’s what his name Was. I
i her it now. It was in the letter. ‘Please let Mr.
 ias ride Arab to-day’ is what it said. 'You’re a
g ' for fair, you are!”

ick did not know what to make of the strange con«
7‘of the man: and he turned away for a moment to
l ‘ ‘hit over.
he did so, he turned toward the box‘-stall in which
 now’ quietly nibbling at some straws that
-  up from the beddin , which was almost
~.-- inside the enclosure, e had wrapped the
-elininois  his handkerchief and deposited it

3 and shook the charnois  loose in his hand. 7

,I'vasonthepointofraisingthe chambis tohisnos-
when he was startled by a‘ loud snort, 'from the
, in the stall, and -he had’ only time to leap back
I I %of rhnger before the, horse was dashing toward him
. ‘Q with distended jaws, and with every outward ap-
3 by K -I--- of intense rage.

on infernal fool!” exclaimed the hostler; and he
I forward and tried to snatch the chamois skin
 " ,
 ,  quickly drew it out of his reach; and
' «-1-» ' away from the entrance to the box stall,

_ of " A ‘ V - '
been saturated,   one of the new
_ Nick recognized it as one that is called “-Pan
  the detective sudden-
 ato fact thatthestranﬁfer whohad accosted
fin, q,-askilled. hadreeked with the odor

    

  

 V (1 why  horse‘ should be
:and them withouugain turning to-
 him at!".' he 909604. 310118

’ I‘ “ ‘ °- an-,l'he-thrint the ‘evil-crnelling
Tit -in  hut. beyond

  

 

NEW NICK ‘CARTER WEEKLY.

hip pocket:  new he’,.drew”t.he Apackagelout .

‘——ask about him, and nobody knows him at all. He only 

ignify.{.th§t;h¢,¢1i§U10!.li|°¢ it.
' t   3".

 

\‘

He turned then to ask more questions of the hostler;
but that individual had made use of his opportunity, and
had disappehred. -

Along the corridor a little way toward the stairs whic

but that individual had made use of his opportunity and ‘:5

Nick approached him.
“You saw me, just now, at that stall down there, didn’t

you?” he asked. «

“Yes, sir,” replied the man.-

“Where did the man go with whom I was talking?"

“He went out to get a‘ drink, I think, sir. He does that
every little while. My boss wouldn’t stand for it, but
I suppose his does, or he wouldn't do it."

“Did he say anything to you as he went out ?"

“He said that he’d be back in half an hour.
feeding~time then, so I suppose he will.”

“I suppose you know that that is the horse that killed
thelman up-stairs, don’t you ?”

“Yes, sir.” I ,

_“Did you see it? The killing, I mean?” . . of

“No, sir. I was down here.” " I

“Have you ever seen anything strange about that par
ticular horse ?” *,_g

“No, sir. I haven't any eyes for horses only my own, '9.
sir. I know that he has rages once in a while. I think ’'
it's 9. crazy horse, sir. There are such, you know. I
don’t-consider it safe to show alongside of an animal’
like that, and I’ve told Mr. Myers as much; but he only
laughed and said he guessed we could take care of our

It'll

be

 
 

own.” -_.l 
“Do you know Mr. Damon, the owner of that horse?’ ‘fl
“No, sir. Nobody knows him." r ‘ 
-“What’s that 3*’ 

  
    
    
         
      

“It's a fact, sir. I've heard Mr. Mycrs——that’s my boss

had that one horse entered, and now I guess, after what
has happened, it will be withdrawn; don’t you ?" ‘
Nick nodded and turned away. He saw very plainly
that while thistman was well’ intentioned, he was also
stupid, and that there was no information to be gotten
out of him. ' ‘’
_'‘Having no doubt whatever that the hostler who
chargeofr Arab would return soon, and that he could he,
readily found when he was wanted, the detective,tutng¢f'

         
 
    
   
 
  

away and mounted the stairs, hastening at once to V .
_administration-room, where he had left Conner in §=lII,1’$¢_‘5§; i
gfthebodyofthestranger. ’ ,_ _ .,  L.”
. Andwhen he entered thatroomhe found
I.1¢rh.ad just "arrived. and was on1y.avuiting_his appear
ance to proceed with  of  bod)’. W

was still oovotodhytheb1ats\:_ec,th-gt"1‘1’i<;it,l=ad - I

 
 
    

   
     
   

   
 

' :,_

overit.

 

    
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
   
   
  
     
    
  
    
   
  

C

_ CHAPTER IV.
A c1uM1NAL’s CLEVER WORK.

A ’The man whose body was beneath the blanket has
already been described sufﬁciently for the purposes of
. , this story, save that he had evidently been a person of
reﬁnementand culture. «
The blow that he had received from the hoof of the
‘« horse was a terriﬁc one, and it had fallen upon him with
‘ such force that it had crushed the skull as if it had been
.the shell of an egg. . ’
Nevertheless, the blow was what might be called a
clean one -; that is, it had not mutilated the victim's head
‘save by that one crushing, violent blow.
Usually a horse in striking downward with its fore-
- foot drags the hoof against the object attacked, and so
cuts and tears it ‘in a terrible manner, the hoof; acting
I V almost like a knife; but here the blow seemed to have
i T béen direct, as if the hoof had been lifted the instant the
blow fell. ,
it ,Now, there was no apparent reason for this, save that
5 one that was enunciated by Conner at the moment when
Nick called his attention to the hilt of the weapon that
i protruded from the body of’ the corpse, under and
T’ siightly behind the left arm. »
T I 1 And this strange looking weapon, or hilt of a weapon,
 retjuires a word of description.
It was unlike anything of the sort that the detective
 ever seen, before, in that it was, very small and ap-
. peared more as if the implement were an ornament rather
1  a _w_9pon. A woman's hat—pin might have been
fashioned like it,, and not regarded as strange. It was
not long enough to be grasped by the hand ofan ordi-
nary. person; a child of eight or ten years might have
do‘ _, the hand upon it, but not a grown man or woman;
 "when the coroner pulled it from the wound and held
 for the inspection of his two mpanions, it was
if I ‘that the blade-if it could be cal ed a blade—was not
 enough to give it a dese‘Fving title of weapon.
3.: word, the blade of the strange weapon was not
i T than three inches. , ,7
Theirholefthing was far too enormous fora scarf~pin;
it ‘wastoo small for a hat -pin ; it was not large enough
..any practical utility, and it was too large’ for orna«
r  ~ Ens”; ' . . i '_ .
 _ the coroner took it in his hand and  to
examine it, Nick shouted out for him to be._careful, fér
' saw instantly that the blade alone could not have
he knew already that_the.- little weapon had been
‘  of death, and therefore the oiily logical d¢duc—
that it was tipped with ‘poison. ,
coroner,” he said.‘ "Don’t‘*touch the p’oint
A than likely we will to call in a second
. i you. Now, will you let‘ me look at it?”
  his hand  a __moment’s i’n¥

  
  
  
   
  

  

  
  

   

   

 

a anel_‘then he added hasti y: “That 55. of course, one -~ - ,

  

NEW NICK CARTER/' WEEKLY. _x

restlin the weapon must be in its point. He carried it
across the room to a window, and stood where he coul
examine it in the sharper light. , ‘ .

‘It was shaped exactly"like a cross, the guard forrning‘
the crosspiece and the blade being the upright ; nor was’
it too long proportionately. The handle part of the up-_ i
right was round; the blade part was ﬂat, with 'a slight
convexity, but not enough to give the blade an edge.
The crosspiece was square. T

VV hat surprised the detective most as he looked at it

./was the lightness of the wholething, which might have"

been made of aluminum; and then as he balanced it in
his hand he noticed that the blade end was much heavier
than the other. A
And then, studying it more closely, he discovered a
small nob at the end of the handle, and, wondering what
this could’ be for, he pulled upon it. -
Instantly a fanlike arrangement of thinnest ivory was
unfolded’ from the handle, ‘and closed upon it again
when the rod was pulled way out, so that it created an
air rudder for the ﬂight of the thing when it should be i
thrown; made it look like a dart, or a strange form of
arrow that ‘\would be guided point first through the air, I
if thrown, or hurled, or shot toward a given object; just
as the Indians used to ﬁnish their arrows with feathers
to make them go straight. _
He nodded his head and pushed the rod back into
place. _
“It is as I— thought,” he said. “It was thrown at the ~
man who was killed, and there is no telling, one cannot ,,
even venture to guess, from what distanq-. it was ~
thrown.” ’ '
“But it struck the man before the horse hit him, did 
it not?” asked Conner.

“Yes. I think that the man was already falling——was:

already dead, in fact, when the hoof of the horse struck «‘
him on the head.”

“You do?” asked the coroner. ’ l ‘= 7.-
“Yes; I thought\ that at once. The condition of the‘ ~
wound inﬂicted by the horse bears out that idea. A. 3
horse, when he strikes with a forefoot, tears down, cuts,?.7j
reniis, rips. This blow did not do that. When the hoof”
slid off after delivering the blow, the man had already "
collapsed upon the ground. _ There was nothing left for
the hoof to drag upon, therefore there was no tearing.”_.
'I§e coroner nodded. , ,
“The point is this,” continued the detective. “The
man had received the wound from this tiny weapon just
at the instant when the horse struck at him. He receiv H
the blow from the animal’s hoof, but in reality he had? gr
received his death~b1ow an instant sooner. »  '
“One would think that the murderer took suﬁci
trouble to make sure f his victim,” said the coionegx-a»i

 
  
  
  
    
 
   

   
   
  
  
     
   

    
      
  

tliinkso it itiwerehot for the fact that th_'c‘blo\w ‘’

 
 

   
  
    
    
 
    
    
    
  
     
   
  
    
   
    
   
  

..,,4’. —_.,v aw‘; {,~—_— I . ,..‘..r-,. 4 K.

rse was, of i:6'urse, an accident. But isn’t it strange
eiman "should have been murdered in just‘that
 think what an unnecessary crime it was.
the murderer stayed his hand, the horse would have
the deed for him; had thehorse stayed his hoof, the
would have been killed, anyhow. It’s a strange cir-
. L - e, Mr. Carter.” ‘ _ -

1 wk was silent a moment before he replied. Then
‘said: I

l‘Ct{roner, I would like you to listen calmly to me, to
end of what I have to. say_,to you, for I earnestly hope
) you will ﬁnd it convenient to postpone the inquest
_s this body, for a timer‘

‘weir’ »

n the first place, it was not an accident that the horse
d the man, and struck such a blow that it would
killed him had he not been already dead. '1: was

as '
I

“What's. that, Carter? You don't mean to suggest that
A _ can commit murder in the first degree, do you?

°ted-murder ?” ’ ,
, .Ii'“"l11ean that the horse t t struck that blow which has
it in the skull of the ead man had been carefully
‘V g. to attack and to kill, if possible, upon receiving
‘ V n signal.” , ’

. t nonsense is this, Carter?”

I t. Only a few moments ago it attacked me, and
« have killed me, too, if I had not succeeded in get-
fit 9f the way-” . I .
you mean to say thata horse can be taught, upon
'- signal, to attack a man with murderous 

méan to say that .very thing. Only you must not
‘on. w - me. I do not mean asignal in the sense
” -. you now make use of the word.”
..do‘you mean it, then?’ 1
 apt to understand the word ‘signal’. to refer.
-is»: that we can see, or hem-;.but a signal might

-. between two persons of intelligence, whiéh
i Lgnjgake  of any other one of the ﬁve senses, as
 '  mo already mention ”

   
  
  
   
  

‘\

  

 
 

ooh,’ and there should be doubt about
atom talking freely atnons all the guests. 1
 that if your wﬁec was given to
 it wouldﬁmean that you could talk
, 1,‘ ,:_tha’t,if  not stieetened, it would mean
i ‘  gig};-¢¢1y, you would understand it.
;,"txot=?"»- "  ; ~ 2

  

    

 
  

   

  

  I the same sort-of signal;
_  ‘ll8¢‘P‘-‘,la~ . €.“.5¢¥.°’*i°f

  

1

NEW, NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

‘ aim ‘were to dineiwith mg tc'>—night, id "

. in contact with this body ?" "

 ~' 1 .
I .

9

or with violet, to indicate that you were not in danger.
You would understand either, if those signals hadjaeen
prearranged.” *

“Certainly.’/’

“Very well. The strongest sense of understanding
that a horse possesses is that of smell. A horse is fright-
ened by things it sees, only because it does not see
plainly. Its sight comprehends only the outlines, only
the shape of objects; from any strangely shaped objects
it shies. But there are certain scents which terrify
horses the world over, until, at least, they have accus-
tomed themselves to those scents.”

“Go on. This seems to’ be a dissertation on natural
history.”

“Not at all. I am particularizing only because I wish
you thoroughly to understand the premises upon which
I build the statement I am about to make to you.”

V “I’m only chaﬁing. I know that you have a good rea-
son for evérything you say. Go on.”

- “We do not yet know who this man was, probably be-
cause We have not yet investigated far enough. He
seemed to be known to many, in a casual way, without
being known to anybody really. But, whoever he was,
when he lived, he had been marked down as a victim for
assassination. I cannot yet prove that statement; but I
am reasonably certain of it.”

“Well?”

“Now, the manner of his death tells me that there
were two parties here, in this ‘building, this afternoon,
both seeking to kill him. One of those ‘parties had
trained himself to the dexterous use of this little weapon,
which he could hurl through the air from a considerable
distance; the other was yet more subtle, and had trained
a horse to do the murderous work for him.”

“Cartdr, I can’t accept that at all, you know, unless
you demonstrate to me how the thing could be done."

“Very well, I will demonstrate. You have already

been bending over the body of that dead ‘man, so I may '

suppose that you have noticed the perfume he used; eh ?’:
“,I should think so. It is unpleasant to me. Many

P¢0P1¢ use it. nowadays. though, why I cannot under-
stand.” 7‘ a .

“I agree with you in that. But, still, it is a perfurne, 

and is enjoyed by many; by women in

is called Pau d’Espagne.” 7
“I believe so—yes." p  _ = -I
“You noticed it at once, did  not, when you came

J

“Yes.” [

_ The detectiveremoved ,d:o_£o1ded  skin from »
his pocket and, without taking it

V ‘from the 
extended it toward    r A _ 

  
     
     
    
  
    
   
      

  
 
 
 
  
    
    
  
    
  
 
    
  
  
   
   
 

,  -by the horse that’-struck that blow. Smell
V  it». _ , : I W
 “The odor is the same.”

"-‘Prdcisely. Now, a little while ago, when the horse

yr, out-of his way, it was because "he smelled that odor. Do
 understand?" I

“"But——-—” , - i -

__ » ,“That particular odor tells that particular horselthat
he must kill. He has been taught to understand and to
obey that signal. It is not necessary that we should in-
quire how he has been taught it; it is enough for the
, present that "we know he has been so taught; That odor
ifneans ‘kill!’ to that horse. The man who did the teach-
ing‘ was bound by an oath, doubtless, to kill that man;
Vh‘e"'~knew that the man now dead used that particular
er perfume, and used it copiously. He had only to teach
«the horse to do the killing for him by teaching him to
kill whenever he smelled that odor, and then to manage
t0~‘.brii'1g'-the horse and theman face to face. I call it a
 clever piece of work, don‘t you ?",' A

,3) A--“-I hardly know what to say, Carter. I don't believe
4 §'€‘t"5tl'lat>a horse could be taught to do such a thing,”

 coroner doubttully. '

  
  

 

CHAPTER V.
 DISAPl’EARANCB OF THE HORSE.

 is not necessary that we should here enter into a
 acoounthpf the examination of thebody of_ the
man, so strangely done to death in theznidst

  
 

T, ‘results only. I ., I.

id: told Conner that he had never had a case before
, ‘suggested quite such possibilities. as this one did.
- '_here,"«_he said, f‘is.a double -murder committed on
 Here is the body of a man of‘ whom it
, j‘ “gold that he was  killed. Of course, one
- rate. ehaisstaltement among Irish bulls, or it might
”  impossibility; him it is not .a l:l’le~

  

  

  

  as he was  ientof two

     

, y  failed to reach him’.

   
  
  

  
   
   

I and  i

" th”er,those facts‘:-convince
_ ;  or
were each’  
{heathen  

    

    

‘ I

     

 

NEW NICK .CAltTER"' WEEKLY.

‘ attacked me and would have killed me if I had not gotten I

‘V/lzrbwd; itﬂéwill be suﬂlcient for our purposes that

 It is a theoretical, fact; ."l‘lic"_mao .
 cltlicc of which woiild_liavc,talcco

  at almo3t_the_;’s;4;ine in-/—
_,(£,ac_t‘,,as,to be almost psirnulg-~

ﬁe i"‘*‘{’."‘..b.,5 95.

I A cake‘ tlic troubléjto stateﬁwhat part as  he _
~ ;""°!“'."°  l?’'¢’'?l?‘ ‘

   

whothrew it, or shot it, and we must not forget that that‘ ,
particular person—'we will say that it is a man for want 
of better knawledge——beliezres that he is the inurdereir. .
“On the other hand, the person who taught the horse _
to perform that trick with his hoofs whenever he do-» .5
tected that particular odor, believes that he is the mur- * 
derer, since he knows nothing at all of the poisoned 
dart.” i . ‘ 4"
“But,” said Conner, “the man who threw the. dart ,\
must know that his victim was also struck by the horse.” 

‘fWithout doubt; but he also knows that the dart will  l
be found in the body, and that it will be known that it: ;;
was the dart that killed; while, on the other hand, the J 
other man knows nothing o’f the dart. Don’t you see_{=.;
that there are two murderers here?”

“Yes.”

“And that each one is equally guilty?”

“Yes.” - . 

“And that each onegbelieves himself to be the really 
guilty,one?”_,l’ V -

» “Yes.” ,1 ’ - A v

“And that the probability is that neither suspectslthe
design of t e other one?” V,’

“That isilthe part about which I do not feel so sure. ,

“Hasn’t it occurred to you that either would have held ~ A
his hand had he known that the other was about to7
make the attempt?” "
e “No, Nick, I don't see that it follows.”

T‘Why not? One man~like that man _whose_ bod
‘es before us—“does ‘not create enemies who individually

oiild seek to kill him in a public place, as this mimic
was committed._ But one man like that one might easi
have become the member of a society which would con
dernn him to death, which would order his assassination;
and which would appoint, not one, but‘ two, elxeitug-,,
tioners.” I V ‘ ' I

“Now, what do we know about this dead man? N ~..
to nothing. i ~ 

“Our inquirieshave been almost fruitless. We 
discovered that nobody here knows‘ anything 
man, save that he appeared in New York, ‘four .da
ago, at the time of theopening of the show, and 
presented letters» of introduction» which made hini dc
quainted with the members of what we might call I
exclusive set here. Beyond the fact that he was «-
as Baron Sternfeldt, that hewas registered at the C
Mammoth under that name, where be occupied ai ~ l
of three rooms with his valet-—-we know nothing’ ‘
“There are no letters or documents in his 
which _tell 1.1? anything at ‘all, morethan that.‘ no i
tered as hailing from Germany ;. but h¢_§id'i:oe

 

    
    
    
     
     
    

   
   
     

    
   
  

   
  
  
 

   
   
 

   

 
    
  
  

   
   
  
  

     
   
   
  
  

  

    
        
  
  
  

  
 

 
  
 

Ax,

..qfo.“..V“é_’w.

    
  
 
  
  
 
   
   
  
   
 
   
  
   
  
   
  

’:r~.'.-"1  . «T.-. ‘~ ..-,:~:

' oonfess that that part of it puzzles me, Nick. VVhat
you suppose has become of the valet P”

“I __know just as much about it as you do; no more.
»my own opinion, based upon the theory already
ced, is that the valet was merely a spy, who had
.; to do with the commission of the crime more
to report the movements of the sentenced man, and
, make himself scarce when he was told to do so.”

. A “Isn't the (lead man the same one with whom you
"ere talking, just before I spoke to you outside P”

' .,.7.":The substance of all that he said- and he said it in
, that a mysterious manner~—was to theeifect that the
nu in.the ‘saddle on the back of the horse that after-
:  him was a criminal.” -7
“Well, he got it pretty nearly right at that, didn't he P”
‘'*‘‘‘So it would seem."
‘Did the baron know who you were when he spoke to
P'’‘ ’ .
:don’t thiak.so.” ”
‘ why should he have selected
try of hisponﬁdences P” I ,
 I cannot answer, save’ on general principles.”
 me whatthey are, won’t'you P”
I that the baron realized, or, at least, believed.
‘an -he was doomed. His eyes had the hunted look of
~ who is iri momentary ekpectation of death, and has
 ea from whenee the blow will come, nor where it »
Jfaﬂ. He wanted a conﬁdant, and he {elected me;
buged for sympathy, and he sought it in a perfect
5% ‘ ; and after he had spoken he was frightened
‘  own temerity,  sought to get out of my sight
' as possible, lest those who threatened him
guess what he'had_ done, and hasten their a .”
web is doubtless exactly whafwas done; eh?”
#3». .
I tha

 
   
   
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
   
  
 
 

you for the re-
§-

1.‘

in turn,‘ would indicate that there was a
d when the baron spoke to you ?”~

:1’: y,” ' \ \ "
¢ll,‘Nick, it is all a very strangely mixed up case

 did not reply to. this reniark. Instead,
 coroner and said}, '
; _  coroner, that we have donelall that can be
juere.  5 Tunney in the pockets of the dead_ man
ﬁll. | _¢-xnmsestﬁiat may be incurred in the
 body,and~nntil the court directs that it may
i I  supply the funds. ‘May I make some suga.
.    , ‘.95 " *
istvlhatlwhhjyoumdq, , r -
_ ,1  thdt you give the body into
i  93¢.  Th” 3'? b°‘'‘°‘' °°'“‘ .
‘  -away e1se~..'rh«-e is no

   
 
  

    

 

, NEW NI K CARTER WEEKLY. it

_ is no objection to that P’’

If

exposed to view for a stated time, in the hope that some
relative or acquaintance will claim it for burial?”

“No.”

“Then I would do that. I will put one of my assist-
ants on watch over the body. I would wish that noth~ .,
ing whatever he said at present about the poisoned dart.
Let it be forgotten among us for the time being. There,

“No.”

“And postpone the oﬂicial inquest for a few days?”

“Yes.”

“I think that is all for the present. I will ask you to
go with me now to see the horse that crushed the baron’s
skull. Would you 1ike‘to see him P”

“Yes.”

“He is called Arab; is a beautiful horse, as kind and
docile as one could wish until he smells the odor of Pau

. d'Espagne. Then, look outl Come.”

ick led the way with conﬁdence through the build-
ing, and at last down the stairs to the basement where
the horses were cared for. He descended by the same
stairs that he had used before, and he led the way con«
ﬁdently toward the box stall where Arab was quartered.
‘While he approached he did not see the hostler who

—had tried to prevent his entrance to the stall, and when l

he reached the door of the‘ stall itself he stopped,
amazed.

Arab was no longer there. . ,

The box stall was empty; the horse was gone: and,
with the animal, had also disappeared the trappings
which belonged to it.

That other hostler—the one whom _;\'ick had ques-
tioned and thought so stupid—was seated where he had
been before, and to him the detective again applied.

“Hello, my man,” he said. “Have you been here ever
since I went up-stairs P”

“Yes, sir,l’ was the reply.

“And where is the hostler who went out, as you sup-
posed, to get a drink P”

“He returned as soon as you went away, sir.”

,“Oh, he did, ‘eh? And what did he do then?”

“He took the horse away.”

“So I see. Was aynbody with him?” « ;

“No, sir. He was alone]; ’

“Did he have permission to take the horse
he 80 away without it?" . 
“He had to have permission, sir. He could 
out of the building without it—that is, he couldn't  it *
with the horse.” ’“ -

“Did he say where he was
king  horse away?” , . ;

“Nb, sir. He didn't lea! word. Ht Came  33
$00!! as you left. You weren't  than Out of 
when he appeared.,;

  

out, or o.a,~,.’i

       
     
     
 

going, or why he was or

    
  

 
     
      
 

 
 

  
 
    
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
    
   
 
 
 

‘:2 _ :1’

back to do so; but he didn’t even answer me.» He just went
right on to the stall where his horse was kept, opened
lit, led the horse out, packed the few things he had there,
threw a blanket and a hood on the horse, and led him

' out of the building. When he went past me with the
 horse I asked him if he was going away for good, and
then e called back over his shoulder that he and the
 horse had been ﬁred out of,the show. That is all I know
about it.” a

-* Nick drew Conner aside.
- “Con,” he said, “I want you to go to the Hotel Mam-
, ‘moth "as quickly as you can, get to the room of the
baron, see to it that nothing in the rooms is disturbed
until I get there, and then wait quietly for me. Will
you do that ?”
7 , “Yes.”
’  “I am going to try for what information I.can pick
up around the Garden. I will probably be with you in-
side an hour. Coroner, I will telephone to you when I
have anything that would be of interest.”
‘.1 ' “All right, Nick. I'll expect to hear from you soon.”
' ' Wherl the detective was alone he hastened at once to
oﬁcers of the show, and, having sought out the one
oﬂicial who had the reputation of knowing everything
‘ind everybody, who was even remotely connected with
the exhibition, he said to him: *'
“Starbuck, I haven’t had a chance to see you since

by the horse Arab; but, all the same, I have been look-
 after the matter a li .”

 ,"I’m glad of that, Carter,” was the reply. “I have
;iIu_t.'sent a messenger to your house after you. I
ﬂaomhtitwasin replyhothatmessagethat you were

c. . ~ . .
 l o. But why did you send for me?" ‘

”‘_Becasue there is a mystery about that aﬁajr some-
. here. I don’t know what it is, or anything at all about

      

87

.——¢-—.——.—

CHAPTERVI.
 P ucnwcanunsai-:N'rnnon. " .’.
5‘ » tilt at mmnent,‘ . ” said the detective. “After the man
-2g‘ap§k?'lled,Iwenti1:othcbasennet:tt:oseethehorse. I
him_andsaw_hi1n,andalsothehostlerwhohad
'ofhi‘m._The*nIcameawayagainandwentg

   

there about half anhour, I should say, pos-
Hthanthat, andthenwewergt together-to the
the building  the horse. When
" " horseaiicl both‘ disappeared.

the accident--since the man, Baron Sternfeldt, was killed .

-Tioga, Pennsylvania, knows anything about the man‘

ave that—-well, save that there is -2. mystery, and I ,
_ " , ‘rules this day in sending a substitute to show his  '

hadbeentakeninf
etobeofsuchassistanceasloouldtothecoroner.

' I know now—»-and the more I find out, the less I km;

 eé='=v.mvk.°f.'*¥'3t.«5¢“9t?"  ; I

A NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ‘ ‘ ;1;.;

Gerald Starbuck smiled broadly.

“The answers to those questions comprehend exactly
what I sent for you to ﬁnd out for me,” he said, with
his inimitable drawl. “‘It’s a devil of a puzzle, you know;
the whole thing.” . ‘

“Do you mean to tell me that you don’t know to
whom the horse belonged ?” A

. “The owner’s name isentered as Alfred Damon; city
address, as Hotel Mammoth; home address, as Tioga,
Pennsylvania; name of horse, Arab; pedigree-—but you
don’t want all that. It is all a bunch of infernal lies,
anyway. Damon came to me with letters of introduc- A
tion from men I knew well. I met one of them here
yesterday morning and mentioned the presence of Da-
mon with his horse. He didn’t know either one or the 171
other. I then set inquiries afoot, but soon after I did '

that I was called away on an urgent matter, and only  

just returned. The horse would not have been here to
do that killing if I had not been absent myself.” 
“Have you made any inquiries about——”. began the 
detective; but Starbuck interrupted him. 
f“Inquiries!' Yes,” he said. “I’ve made a lot. The 
trouble is that I didn’t make them soon enough. We 
are rather jealous here, as you know, of whom we let 
into this show. I have always been very careful about 
the matter. This time I was a little careless, and I ._“.§,
regret it." ' if
.‘‘Tell me what inquiries you have made, and what was 
the result of them.” _ i 
“Nobody knows anything about Alfred Damon. ‘ He”
did not stop at the Mammoth; or, if he did, it was -
under another name. A Nobody knows anything about
that particular horse. There is a horse by that name 
and with the pedigree he gave, but he isn’t here. The I 
horse was a fraud as well as the master. Nobody in

     
   
   
     
 
 
     
  
 
    
    
   
   
     
  

   
   

and then, to make matters worse, he broke one of our

  

without ssqaplying the proper credentials. I don’t kno
how he-—-the substitute, I mean—got into the ring, but
he did get there.” ’

“But how did the horse get out of the building
askgd Nick. “How was the hostler able to take him one ,
without your permission?” , ‘

“He had my permission; he had my orders. I orderedf, '
the whole outﬁt to skip, don’t you see ?"— :  ‘

“I see-——yes. But why did you do that?”

' “I. did it because »I was a jolly chump. I did it in
haste. I did itvbeforgfl took time to think. I didqii,
and the horse was gone before I knew half as lnuch‘

  

  
  

  

  
      
 
 
    
 

  

“I see." .
"That is why!’ senffor you.

   

l .

Iuiiks tomakeq

  

(9

    
 
 

y- 4

 

List because he imposed upon you, or have you
’ _» .-- -« reason?” ‘
A 1 “gee, isn’t that enough?”

 
 
     
  
  
 
   
   
  
 
   
    
   
 
   
   
   
  
   
   
 
  

U‘-and his horse.” '
"Have you? What is it?” ' ~

~ The whole thing was-—-— ” .

ut look here, Carter!’ That’s beastly nonsense, you

I”. -I‘ .

isn't nonsense at all. I will explain it all to you

 .Aa'.moment; butﬁrst I want to know what you can

use about the baron.” »

“Nothing. That’s 

 what ?" '
raud. Sting. Imposition. You can'ca1l it what

 The baron——I don’t‘ want to say anything

~  adead man——l-was just as much of a fraud as

” ' ‘ The only diﬁerence was that one was inside

., r.x_R1hn!’¢. . 3‘ ._ , ‘
tithe baron  of introduction also.”
    to tell me so." »
f  really knew anything about -Baron Sternfeldt,
- that I can ﬁnd. I tell you, Carter,;_if this
ifallowed to go by without a thorough investiga-
will give our show a black eye; and I won’t stand
 you know. And now you tell me that there is
, “j - behind it all-—only Pllbeblowed as I swallow
 .
, ls‘tn.Ie,'’ said the detective, and then he began at
" ' g, and took Starbuck completely into his
ksowng that he could be thoroughly trusted.
Vuntil the detective came to the description,
»weapon‘used by one of theassassins that
particular‘ "  iii the rnatter. Until
it  existed any is the
 5 ;- 1iut._‘ when the peculiar
 ‘.   He‘: ﬁsmtivew.

  H,‘ .., .‘c'a'L"_t’er',!, 

  
  
   

   
  
 

  
 
  

 

    

,v :1 . *
C

?&


 .  .;Bum‘>ero=-; I
-   W,
  “'

  
 

' "' 1/‘T "

 
  

.’.\;. '.~-.;_'..~-_~._-1‘ ,5,-..v:.‘;-, ‘ ~. .-., v~

 NICK CARTER ‘VVEEKLY.

«a‘.‘ho?3e to exhibit, and the other was out-‘,"
° if . . in ‘

.  ‘oli1el"fellow’a1¢tters.,.'l‘he1‘ehave‘

‘very tall and supple and-handsome. 
dctremely beautiful. Their skinsﬂare as white 
I ,Th_cy are as blond,‘ in fact, as the 'Swede8.".\;~. ’
. _' «‘‘Eh? Isthat’so?’._ ' a J  I 

*w..’..}:

x’

. ~~ . ‘ -5;;
' I
13
c.Xres 9!
“I go somewhere every year; or, at least,'once in two
years.” ‘
“Yes.”

“One of my favorite hunting-grounds is India. I
was there two years ago, and intended to go there again
this year, only that I was prevented from doing so at‘
the last moment.”

“Well?”

“In the mountains of ' Nepal-the Himalayas, you
know—northwest from Khatmandu about two hundred
and ﬁfty miles, there is a place which is known among
the natives of that section of the country as ‘The Sacred
Valley.’ I won’t bore you with my story, if I can help
it, but you will ﬁnd it interesting.”

“Go on.”

“Show me that weapon ﬁrst. I want to see that before
I tell my story; for, if I do not mistake/the little in-
strument you have described came from there.”

The detective had placed the weapon in one of the
compartments of his pocketbook, and now, after taking
it from the wrappings he had wound around it, he gave
it carefully into the hand of his companion. A

“Be very carehzl with it,” he said. “I have no doubt ’ *
at all bill: that it is tipped with a deadly poison.” _ V ‘ _

“Nor I. I know that much about it already. Thank ’ 
you. Yes, it is the same. I will put it there until. I
have related my story;” and he placed it on the table
beside him. I

“The interior of the Sacred Valley is as much a mys-
tery to the people of Nepal who live outside it as it is
to you or to me; more than it is to me, for the reason
that I have been inside it and have lived to return. .
Others have not. It is said that no one ever returns
from the Sacred Valley.” 

“Go on,” said Nick, when his companion paused.

“I.wandered inside the place because I was lost,  _
because from the cliff upon which I stood I eoilld see p
human. habitations down there. I thought that I could  ',
ﬁnd somebody to act as my guide, if I went down into? I‘
the valley. - " - ' ' ‘

“'1. will tell you what I did find.”

“Well?” =

(‘I found it strange race of people.
fact that they are totally different from any 
tives of India, or of Asia, that I ever sewn-. 

 

 

 

 
 
 
  
         
     
     
    
    
 
 
   

  
  
  
       
  
 

  
  

    

T“Ye-’ B1ondes,.’t .with  '
 «scary...
“Wane

    
     

  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
    
 
   
   
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
    
   
    
     
      
  
    
   
  
 
 
    

“Not so strange as the people themselves. They are
‘a-asilent race.” 
“Dumb?” .
'v"‘No; _silent. They rarely speak at all, and then
 usually in monosyllables, although I happen to know
. that they can talk fast enough if they ‘wish to do so.‘
« ﬁx-‘They dress with exquisite taste, and one might think
A that one had stepped into a reproduction of ancient
-. v Venice, if the costumes are accepted as criterions. But
all that isii’t the story I was to tell you.” -'
' “It is interesting. Go on.”
, “To go back to where I left off?”
‘ “Yes.” .’ I
 “I was lost-—hopelessly lost from the rest of my
party. I had been separated from the others two days
and nights. The second morning when I awoke —I was
‘cold, too, for the altitude was considerable~aI was at
_ A the mouth oi a canon; at least, that is what we would
have called it in Colorado. I was rather surprised, too,
to-discover that a definite trail led through the canon,
  resolved to follow it. In the course of time I came
-”out,4.ipon a plateau, at what I might call the inner side
 the mountain, and you can imagine my astonishment
-Vyhen I saw far below me, at the bottom of a valley,
gsbuildings, temples, palaces, and ediﬁces, which made up
3 city of considerable size. . -
-“I had ne\/er heard of a city in that part of the world.
31-rubbed my eyes to make sure'that I was not deceived.
f{_thought at first that it was a mirage; but second
‘iity_i_;oug'ht.told me that it could not be that. .
i;;“'I remembered. that in coming up the canon I had
 sttange signs along the route which I could not
_ '. “Well, I'll make a long story short.
7f“I saw that it was undoubtedly a city that was below
 I saw’a valley which stretched away until the end
of it-‘was, beyond my range of vision. I saw evidences
Qfuefyilization; and~I determined to go there. ' "
  a trail before me which seemed to‘ lead
, the valley, and I followed \it.. I
 to tell you that .I was all day long’in' makm
descent, and that road was not bad, either. TH:
became peroeptibly warmer as I advanced, and I
~ decided that itﬁvas  place not unlike the ‘famous
~ near Guadalajara, in Mexico, where you descend
--theteuiperatetotlletropicalclimateinaﬁw

K.

 
 

 
    
  

 
     

     
  

  

NEW NICK Ci4.R’FER WEEKLY.

,_ I . A  h I cached h to spealllc. Promise me that you will do that. I beg that,
was , or ‘ w en 1' t e ' .” .3
     . i:3’$\7“€’l'y well,” said the detectivciz, without  “Go
.,‘:¢f.to.# city. weu,~1  A ::1[:>:”1>romise?’\ - g I . I

 ‘ ‘ " ..   I-Ie  H _“?t,1swer my questions as shortly as possible; 
\ v -  ‘yjgyg,’ p  {Ml ‘ I .

 

 

door of the room, which was directly behind the de-:
tective, and there was an expression of terror in his 2
eyes, as if he saw something that was frightful over
Nick Carter’s shoulder.

 

CHAIDTER VII.
THE WOMAN BEHIND THE SCENES. <

If you who read this were seated facing a companion
who suddenly comported himself as Gerald Starbuck did
at that moment it would be your natural impulse to turn
‘around instantly to discover what had happened to in-
duce such terror. .

Such was Nick Carter's impulse; but at the same in-
stant an intuitive something told him not to move a
muscle; and at the same instant he saw that Starbuck’s .
lips were moving. “"

The detective read the words that were uttered, rather
than heard them. He was conscious that Starbuck said
to him:

 “Don't move, Carter! For God’s sake, don't move!
Ii?nn't turn your head or move a ﬁnger. or you are a
dead man. Sit still. and let us pray that the danger will
pass. You may not be injured if you do not move, while
if you do, you will surely be killed.”

It required some nerve to sit perfectly still under those
conditions," but Nick did so; the fact was, he thought 
that there could be no real danger; he believed that it <
existed -only in the imagination of his companion, and.» "-
that it had been conjured up by the relation of the story. it

However, he remained perfectly motionless; and after 
a second or two Starbuck spoke again, but it was not I
until Nick observed that he had been reading some silent
signs that were being made from the position behind
him where he could not himself see. A A
A “Carter,” said Starbuck then. His voice was strangely
low and hoarse; beads of sweat stood out upon his fore~
head, showing that he was laboring under a great strain
his face was white and drawn, and during the last few_
moments it had become as haggard as a dead man's; hisl‘
arms were strained, so that the muscles of his hands‘
stood out like cords, where he grasped the anus of tie
chair‘ in which he was seated, and if ever the detedive
had seen abject fright perfectly depicted in the counte-
nance of a man, he saw it in Starbuck now. “Carter 1
he repeated, “answer me without moving a muscle, sa

...:‘.‘i:'£§amm.;.‘.?a'.~..~.'n’s_..;;m....-.7-.:‘."_.‘.. i._'..-:~;e-m‘ I .~.. 4 ...,.';.»...-_. .._.g :. _.._s-:   _ .

 

  
   

  
   
  
  

          
  

     
 

   
 
 
  
    
  
    
  
  
     
     
     
        
       
       
      
  
     
      
 
 
    

 

".'.*'» ‘, ‘$51)’. ‘. . .,

   

,‘ igi 5:“, .

._ ’_Nr~:w... NICK, CARTIER ,WEEK_LY. 1

IJI

  prornise; you always keep it, do not one to be frightened by ghosts, or by strange ap— $
 ~.V -_. .9 _ _  j _. V H. V -. pearances, and I judge that there is something strange C

It   behind me now. It cannot be a serpent, for they don’t

Youinever deviate ifroin  you?” » 5 raise that sort of thing here, and this isn’t the time of
"fNot if human possibilitiesdcan prevent a deviation.” year not the place for one. It can’t be-———.”
want you to make me a promise now, Carter. I “Promise me, Carter. Don't joke. It is my own life

 

11.: with my whole”so1i1ljin.the request. Will you as well as yours that I ask for.” .

i.t?''_ , A Starbuck put out his hands as if to ward off a blow,
‘ will hear first what, it is,‘ Starbuck.” and then he almost shrieked out: _

.”‘3fYou must promise me, you must!” ' “Promise! Promise! Quick!” I e g
9!!‘ me what it is ‘that _you wish me to promise “All right,” said Nick, whoreally began to think tha . xi‘
 - V 3 Starbuck had suddenly lost his reason. “I promise.

a'~’mornent.- I ﬁnd—-I suppose you realize that ‘ Now, what? Are you going at once?” '
is some-—-something behind you that ”you CaIm0t Starbuck sank back into his chair, and for a moment
'1 don’t you?" ‘ I » ' appeared to be too greatly overcome to speak at all;
iﬁ‘ﬁ1.beginhing to think so; yes. What is it? A but, after a moment, he raised himself and again stared
P” " ' - ‘ past the detective toward that unknown quantity that

’tjoke! For goodness’ sake, don’t joke! There Was behind him _ _ _ “ A g
‘ behind you It is threatening you with “Starbuck, said the detective quietly, I have been > P

 “mess $0“ do exacﬂy as I say)’ _told that I have a sweet temper. I may as well tell you
‘mas a1;S‘ﬁ-_d_‘ but go oh u now that the statement is not true. I have a beastly

«. '- .» . 7 . ' » ~
. denyJ.ng';tha«t am detectiYe.waS uneasy__ temper, but, fortunately for others, and for my own

 II.-I-  . . . ‘ ' ‘  But all
. ﬁne A ,3 V _tha&hg could do to keep hnpsdf reputation, .I have .11’. under excellent control ,
;, " : ‘hat  aboht in spite of the the same, I am rapidly losing power over it. I shallget

~ [.~n~..~‘>u

  

angry presently, if you continue to conduct yourself! in
-“ ‘ this manner._ You seem to be consulting somebody or
something that is lhehindgme every time you speak. Now’,

 
  

 

.g‘

  
 

p  gem’ 2;: ‘;;:1e:,:t' what in the world is it? Is it a man .7”
'  ";wit”h  ‘ha-‘t showed ;,,_;,;5 eyes Starbuck hesitated to reply. His eyes were ﬁxed V '
. Vfggggg-3] dgnqeanogi-_ “I must have the mom upon some object behind the detective; but at last he
,,,,,,‘,,.,,,ts_,»- He-hegitated, as if he were watch. slowly shook his head in the negative. '
» ,;at-ipiiguii or signal ‘from the -thing that was behind “I! is "0! 3 man» ‘hen ?” Wpeated N331‘-
_d 'tl_Iu;]1__.he went on: “I must go from the room “Nos” Said Sla-"buck
. » en~—-twen,ty—a-yes, twenty minutes. You can “An animal ?" '
clock from where you sit. It is over my hea .” "N0-”
. bf , V ‘ . * “Isitaperson?” .
Jhe  Whattimeis it?” ,  .. “Yes.” ‘ 
"  past.ﬁ“n._n_‘_‘  ,  A :'Y1‘hen’it mustbeawoman. Is it?"
. . j 1; . A K ' I    \ ,._.- ,_§, ,1 V H.  . , “Vgell, I'm not exactly afraid ofa woman.” 5 ~
 .1_    . _ - 5 ’ H“ on‘ hav romised me not. to move,” tar
?;"i""~-‘°   if, 3:: slirieked out: P . ~ . ' _. K
“ ‘ ex'ai:t!ir.‘:‘as you are[n_bw.  i “Pm keeping. my ‘ ‘Se: '3‘ 1 “»°‘-’. 1"“ “W332i
. . fﬁgﬁ youf.h¢a;I,—wi{hout»?aising sorry thatl made itfbut will keep it. .You 
”g‘g_ jg, you were going-zimm thciroorn? Why don’t  g “
" quarter up “I’m i=8-dr-*)'€*-” — '  is;
 V.    A-«N03. so;g_;¢._a ‘-nomanrwho is behind xueeh at w.
v¢*miixutes.‘:~:,s;'id Nick ‘   «he a né!olv¢!'§In;¢d;at:t!;e.=back etnttyhmdtor 

  
 
 

  

"'

   
  

 

       
 
  
    
 
 
   

      
   
    
 

aimed  Ordoessheholdé
7 ~a.bludg;i;:h;6.3er:~Ir1!'hgad.  _ A I
..     new  ‘W8 
  ‘cf  ‘s3:omyi_Icre.tl1e  j
§'9§'.T'=1!10Yeci; '

    
  
   

   

    
  
   
   
 
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
    
       
    
   
     
     
         
       
         
     
      
      
     
      
    
     
   
    
 
  
 

—. \
, “Ah! '‘ So that is what I am threatened with, is it?"
.. “,Yes. Now I am gong.” » .
f‘,_You will return~—at a quarter to six ?”
. The answer came slowly, and not until after Starbuck

  he replied:
- “Yes.” . .
“Am I still to be threatened \with that dart after you
have left the room ?” asked Nic

-  there was hesitation before the answer came,
andvthen it was: ‘
_' ’fNo.”
_ _“I am glad of that, if you wish me
promise.” said the detective grimly, “for I should have
‘considered that the menace, with you absent from the
room, exonerated me from the terms of the promise.
 it is, I will keep it. ‘Now go, if you are going."
;._’ “After we——-after I have gone, you may move about
 room, if you care to do so, but your promise must
 good that you will not attempt to leave the room,
ﬁhill not open the door, and will not communicate with
janybody outside the room, after I have gone out.”
' “Oh, very well, It is all ode. It is merely an effort
 theﬂpart of the person who is behind me to make good
ivhu escape-since you say it is a woman ——before I can
ihavelan opportunity to follow. But you may inform
 that I shall follow later, and shall ask the meaning of
 scene. I'll find her, tpo,_ for I suspect—.——-”
"Starbuck had,risen from his chair while Nick was
gtalléing, and had passed around the detective until he
I‘ V out of l*Iick’s sight; ‘and now the door closed, and
 understood that he was alone.
§;Ii,’utantly availing himself of the permission to move
loot! as he should be alone, and desperately regret-
that She/had”“r'nade _a promise not to pursue, he leaped
_ feet then and turned.
was nothing there at all. .
Ax/far as appearance went the room was in exactly
condition it had been in when he first entered it to
  with Starbuck. ’ ,
‘Egg regnetnbered now‘_that he had not heard a sound
I W0 the  strange ‘actions of lhs companion.
‘ I _ the  therehad beenno noise 1! any
intruder,,whoever it might h'a,ve.~been, must
 with a- tread that was absolutely. noise-
’ Vrnust have opmed the duorwithout a sound; must
gm «:1» the pps.i;ion.be_hind the detective with the
’' gigs Indian; must ha1vq~—-——i ‘ "
coffin  a laugh.
Jig the: use of thinkinﬁfat all about it?” he
is  returns, Irwihy-put him
  ofythe Third  I

Q

  

  

  

     

  

 
   

    

    
     

    
 

   
 
 

 

‘a NEW NlCK CARTER WEEKLX”'.'

/to keep the '

Tien he bit‘his lip with vexation, for another ques 
tionha occurred to him.

“What if Starbuck should not
self. .

Buthe dismissed that idea at once as senseless.

A man ot\the prominence of Starbuck could not be
made to disappear from the midst of his haunts thus
mysteriously. It was folly to suppose such a thing as
that. ‘ ‘

Nevertheless, the detective was uneasy.

When he was not studying the ﬂoor where the in
truder had doubtless stood, his eyes» were upon the hands E
of the clock; and never had the works of a clock moved
so slowly.

From beyond the walls of the room he could hear the --
mumiur of the usual noises; inside the room absolute
silence reigned.
, 5 But while the minute-hand of the clock continued t
move there came no sign of the return of Starbuck;
land, at last, when the hand did point to a quarter to six,

‘._the detective sprang to the door and turned the knob
- to open it.

 

return?” he asked himw

‘ .
}

,____._..

 CHAPTER Vlll.

A M YSTERIOUS VAVLET.

_The door, however, did not respond to the detectives '
touch upon it. It had been fastened from the‘ outside
when Starbuck, with his unknown and mysterious com~
panion, passed through it. y

Nick did not remerﬁber that he had heard the bolt of ,
the lock shoot into place, but he did not stop to con-
sider that. ' ' ;

Locks held very little terror for him. He had never
yet seeil one that he could not get past if he tried, and.
so he lost no time inproducing his small picklock from
his pocket and tackling this one.

But he ceased almost at once and uttered a low whis- ,
tle. The lock had not been employed in fastening the
door.

Again the detective turned the knob and sought to
open the door in the usual way, but again it resisted, I
his efforts. 4 t 4

He did not think there could be a bolt onithe out»
side; indeed, when he thought of it be remembered that

~ there was not such a thing there. i . —

How, then, hadzthe door been fastened against him}:

\If it had happened that it opened outward, he 
have lost no time in. pondering upon the puzzle, for 
would simply have -thrown himself against it and 

e have forced it open; but to pull it open was a diﬁereﬁ
thing. _ .

‘ He tried once».moré, but only to ﬁnd that it

’ casing as ﬁrmlyas if it  ' *

   
  
  
   
      
   

5

I

   

$5

     

    
   
   
   
  
    
  
    
 
  
    
     
  
  
 
   
    
   
  
  

 

. -.§j+§%~§-.« "'1

is rxviHi3»_—’steel_serews_.;e,;aI1d there was no other outlet
.  * ‘ 7

._  _-itself; was made‘ of heavy, seasoned oak;
é ‘there was no transom ; there was no window to the room
 made available; in a word, there was
xyzayput of the place at all unless he resorted to the

Me for fifteen minutes ;, and then, smarting under the
'ence he felt, he determined that he would remain

~. piece by piece in the effort to obtain his liberty.
Resolved upon this, he approached the door again and
ed thehandle, and then he gave a jerk upon it which
have torn something apart, had thei;e been the
v—- ce.he~had eneountered before. '

But there was not. , .

 door came open in his grasp at once, and so forci-
le had he jerlred upon _it, thathe was nearly thrown\"to
ﬂleﬂoor as it came .open lhhis hands. A

“It‘.Secins,” he mused, “that I am destined to be sur
‘nded by mysteries to~day.”

_i-gdoorl; but all that he could discover was one small
V where a~.scr_ew';had -evidently penetrated the wood
_6f';the door, cl _ to,the jamb. ‘ CW
 old trick,’ he mused, with "a smile. “Somebody
‘ i - here after they went out, or one of them/paused
 to‘ fasten an iron bar here with a single
‘  held 'the‘door when I tried to open it. But
 is that_one of them, or somebody sent by them,
( V — - ‘ here _3 moment ago to set me at liberty. Now,
 in the world does it all mean? What sort of a
‘_ and-bull story was that one that Starbuck was try «

to tell me about a sacred valley somewhere in
_ i ' P . \ .

‘This’ seems to be a day of blunders for me. P’.
V  the first onewhen I left the basement of this
 without setting" 2- watch upon that horse and

  

. _ _ to sit still without turning my head. at the
V, ioivstarbuck; land was certain now that there is
I  wildly about this, building in search ‘of

 
 

g  that there was 'a person who left
" I’ iritii ’_I heard no sound‘. I‘ have nothing
,. 35¢ am.-rams such; a_ person, save the word
‘ .  should ‘he have lied-‘to me-about

:41-,.

l I

   
 
 

i    to ‘Surbiicks desk and

 
  
 
 

‘ “ NEW-_~ NiICK\iCiXRT£iR WEEKLY.

~.He pausedlong enough to examine the casing outside.

r iinanytbo cared for it;:VI made the secondone when

orpoi the mysterious person who left this roomi
\':= . i « e ,

 the  is}: time, lost. in,

sorta  . .
 2 -if   Iwrgw» Cy 13.13,-the

 
   

‘MIX  .V   _..  ... ‘..,_‘_‘?,.;.‘.r—,} v V

 

read this, you will go to my house and wait there for my
return, which will be soon. Just now I am going to the
Hotel Mammoth; from there I shall go home.”

He signed it and, leaving it on the desk where Star~
buck would see it the moment he entered the room,
he went out and hastened to the hotel.

Conner was there, obeying Nick’s directions to the
letter; and together they searched the room and the
effects of the dead baron.

But they might as well have searched through the
effects of a department store, for all the information
they reqeived. '

Every article they found was new. There was not a
piece of linen that bore so much as a laundry-mark.
There was not a scrap of paper or a letter.

There was a trunk that was comparatively empty of
clothing, and such clothing as. it did contain was new,
and offered nothing in explanation of the identity of the
man. There was very little linen or underclothing in
the dresser or in the closets of the room, and such as
there was seemed also new, recently purchased, and bore
no marks at all. p

“I don’t think,” said the detective, when they had com-
pleted their search and were staring across the room at
each‘ other. “that I have ever encountered a situation ,
where there‘ was not something to- suggest an idea until
now. Here there is absolutely nothing. I haven’t found I I
but just one thing to pay us for coming here. Have

"you done more?”

“I haven't found even one thing, Nick,” replied Con~
ner. “To what do you refer?”

“Well, I suppose, in reality, I refer to what I haven’t
found. In other words, it is evident to me that some~ “
body has visited these rooms since the baron went out;
somebody other than ourselves. I mean by that, that I
don't think the baron has taken all this ‘trouble to‘con-
ceal his identity. Somebody else has done it for him.”

“Oh!” 7

“Probably the valet.” ~ ' e _

“Probably. I had not thought about it at all. If I
had any thought about it, it was that the baron didlt
-himse .” ’ . ’ '

“Non It is much too thorough for that; and, ‘besides.
there are many evidences thatvsome one other  hilkv”
self did it. If he had done the thing himself,  A -
not have taken all the trouble that is evident‘ here,
coneeal the fact that it had been done. He  
been. content with a mere oblitentiénl 0f’*t5¢ 
which showed where things had been pvrchased :1:
would not have sought to  5’°*“‘3’ Slick ' .
gration had been   ' ‘*

“You are   Vim‘;

 
   
     
       
 
        
   
   

   
 
   
   

   
  
   
 

 
   
    
 
 

 .' make of

it

   

    
 
 

  

 ...« . _.>
. I

    
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
 
  
 
 
   
    
  

; to the end, purely for my own satisfaction.”
*4-.“All1-ight. I am with you.”’

 am glad that the newspaper men got the idea that
ideath of the'baron was only an accident. I do not
-évbiant the ‘fact that a murder was committed to creep out
it just. yet. Are you sure, Con, that there is no inkling
» of it?” . . . ' .‘ : .

; “Perfectly sure-—yes.’’ :

I ,“Let it go at that, for the present. Now we will ﬁnd
' out for ourselves what they know about the baron here

 

i it was. .
‘All that could be ascertained was that Baron Stern
jeldt had arrived at the hotel four days before; that he
registeredv as already described; that he had brought
_ valet with him; that the valet had not been seen
ound the hotel since the. morning of the precedingiday;
, the baron had gone out ‘that morning, ostensibly to
it he horse showgand hadnot returned.
jNick‘asked if‘ anybody had inquired for him; and the
lye was that nobody had done so.
 he receiye any caller at all since he has been
,e?" asked the detective. 4
,  d_id_so, the fact is not known at the desk. He
ﬂamed strangely alone.”

What sort of an appearing man was the valet?”

ed Nick. '

”‘He"'was rather a remarkablelooking fellow,” replied
clerk. "‘He did not, in fact, have the appearance of

 all; but rather that of a gentleman who was

 A » up to represent one.” I
“Was he also a German?” .1. '
hi; Ithink not; although, he might have been. He
 is very handsome man; an unusual-looking man.”
 is it that was so remarkable about him?”

. A , ‘Mr. Carter, while he was unquestionably a
L -a--. is, his hair was almost as white as "the
I V’  comes only withgagegihe was still a young
  eyesfwere as blaclrasisloe berries.”
wmfa description iwhieh tallied with the one that
_  Starbuekafthe  who lived in
  "referred to as the-Sacredy

    
    
 
    
  
  
  
   

 

«mm  Nick.‘

3 young. I should say.’’.
if’ ,  .,f;§/4' 3 ~ _.

   

 
 
 

in

 

   
   

i i  ’Ni(:I<i*CARTE122 WEEKLY.

-about‘it all that interests me. I am going to ,work it out =

“The valet might have been a young woman disguised I

as a man. The thought never took shape in my mind
before’, but since it has come upebetyveen us I wonder
that it did not.” _ g V . I

“Do you mean that you seriously think that the valet
might have been a girl disguised as a man?”

“Yes; almost. Of course, if such a thing had  _

even suspected while they were here———» ”

“Oh, I know what you would say in reference to that.
\Vhat I do wish to know is, Are you making that state—
ment seriously about the possibility that the valet was a
woman?” ' ’

“I am.” 1’

“What name did the valet answer to?”

“I never heard but one, and that. from a bell—bo_v who
heard the baron call to his servant. He addressed him
as ‘Idayah.’ ”

“That is a strange name,” said the detective- “Are
you quite sure about what the hall-—boy told you?”

“Quite.”

“Ifdayah. I~d a—y-a-h. "Is that the way you would '_

spelh it?”

“Yes.”
‘ "VVhite hair, black eyes, handsome face —tall,' or
short?” I l

are. About my own height, possibly.”

“A foreigner?”

“Without doubt.”

"Spoke English P”.

“I never heard the valet utter a word, nor does one
of the employees here remember to have done so. He

was a very silent individual. He might have been dumb, I; 

for all I know."

Again the detective was startled by the coincidence.
First, the ‘white-haired people with black eyes,’ and now
a ‘silent people.’ Both were expressions that had been
used by Starbuck during the recital of his interrupted
story. ' ‘ . _

. Nick Carter began to wonder if he was ever to hear
the end of that particular story. i

“Come, Con,” he "said abruptly,

our business,” and to the clerk he added:

“If that valet, or any person like him, shows up here 4

again, I'll give you a hundred dollars out of my own

pocket to detain him until you can send for me.”'

-in-——:--I

.CIi-VIAPTEIZ IX. ' ‘
_ , T33 93,ILY,CLUE.'iIN‘y'I‘HE)CASE.i I ‘g I
Gerald Starbuck did inot return. ’ e

5 .

I A’ When Nick stoppedfm the oﬁicewlzere the horseman ,.

 

his headquarters during “the continual!,¢£,0f"th‘e

 

“Rather tall, I should say. Somewhat taller, than you , 

 

“we will get about. ;

  
  

  
 
 
 
  
 
  
    
  
    
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
    
 
  
    
   
   
  
   

 note that Nick had written and
Phlesk‘ was still there.
~ No person around the building had seen him. Nick
Carter himself was the last one who had any knowledge
of him. i
’ -. Nick triedito fix the time as closely as he could when
Starbuck left the office to go out with the mysterious
’- stranger who had been’ standing behind the detective’s
"5 chair, and he could do so within a very few minutes, as
, we know; but nobody had seen him go out; nobody
_had seen him in company with any stranger that after-
{.__noon; nobody had, in fact, seen him at all, after the
“moment when the detective went with him to his little
oﬂice. '
. And he did not return.
' Nick waited ‘around the building for him himself;
i_.and, later, he posted Conner to await him; but the eve-
ning and then the night passed without the coming of
‘-Syqbuck. ’
A. Starbuck was*known to occupy bachelor quarters at
.'the Amphion apartnieiits, and at midnight the detective
ecided to go therein search of him, thinking that, per
ps, the strange occurrence in the oﬂice, when Star-
M uck was so palpably terriﬁed, might have upset him so
 that he had gone home and gone to bed.
‘E “But he was not at the Amphion; had not been there
“lat all since the morning when he had left there to go to
the Garden.
“If he should retum_at any time during the night,”
said Nick, as he turned away, “please tell him that I
would like him to call me up on the phone as soon as
gets to his room.”
Nick ho h ly p 1 d H H d b
»~'= . ' went me t en, -sore uzze . e a een
in against" puzzles during his experience‘ which had
tried him sorely; but never had he faced one so utterly
pt anexplanation as this one. . .
;J0S¢Ph. his OW?! V31“. W'g1s_seated in his accustomed
ﬂilfy, fast asleep, when Nick opened the door; but he
:~ l 2 toihis ‘feet at_once with many apologies. Joseph
,_ beeu‘.knowg_s to sleep at his post before.»
 ’ ~' long have you been sleeping, Joseph?” asked
rletectire, with some show of severity.
   sir.‘ It cannot be long.‘ It was only a mo-
‘ﬂint Iosat ‘down there. What time is it, sir?"
__ __ ocleck in the morning. Joseph.
 . §il'~.l" _ ‘
 zyntgdcloclt. What time. did you seat yourself
, ..{m‘*l.1-£s1ee'p.=" " *
“"1, confess it, sir,6ut.1 must. I looked
I #3 T°,,'°l°i=l5f'_..

placed on his

  

  

  

   
    

 

 
  

  

    
  

 

  

2

TCII-.

\ NEVV-. NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

' envelope was lying upon it, addressed to himself; and 

c you would be home presently: .
. ‘ , . . herent lettersrbut

  
 

Jintilthe

I9

Ichi did not awaken you? Have they gone out and not‘
returned?”

“.1 was waiting here at the door to give you a rnes~
sage from Mr. Chick, sir. He told me to tell you that
he had decided to take Patsy and Ten-Ichi with him,
and would return by two or three in the morning, he
thought.”

“Take Patsy and Ten-Ichi with him—where ?’7

“I supposed you knew, sir. Mr. Chick spoke as if
you would know.” ’

“Very well. You have had about three hours’ sleep,
Joseph, so you may remain up for Chick. I want you
to tell him’ to come to me the moment he arrives.”

The detectivetascended the stairs to his study then;
but the instant he crossed the threshold and turned on
the electric. switch he kne\v that somebody other than
members of his household had entered that room since
he left it.

It was not that anything had been moved or dis-
placed; it was rather a feeling -an intuitive sense that
he had, [that such was the case; and he was presently ' ‘
to know that it was so.

As he approached the desk he discovered that a sealed

even as he raised it in his hand and broke the seal, some-
thing told him that the message was from Starbuck,
though why he should have thought so was not clear,
for he did not remember that he had ever seen Star- _,
buck’s handwriting. It was certain that he did not 
recognize it at the moment. '
But he broke the seal and opened the letter.
It was from Starbuck, and it was rather incoherent, 
too. Nick could make but little more out of it than he ‘3
had been able to do with the other mysteries with which
he had been confronted since he entered th'e Garden that
aftemoon. '

It began abruptly:

“You must not look for me, Carter. It will do no , "
good. I am in great trouble. I am to take a journey; a
long journey. God only knows if I will ever return; _I.
do not. I am sorry that I had to.leave you as I did. ;:
I am worried about the show. Try to make some excuse :
for my disappearance, will you? There’s a good fellow '
Tell} them anything but the truth. I would not  ,
them know that for anything. Don’t look for me. p  ” '
try to follow me.‘ You will only be killed for y0I11"rP0lﬁ8q
as that poor fellow in the Garden was. I  i
must not write any,more. It won’t do. Good-by. If ,
should never see you again-——— I cannot write any.
more... Snnucx.” ,

   
     
  
 

 
     
  
 

 
      
   
     
    

     
 

    
    
  

I

   
 

“Well,” mused the detectiV¢. “I hi“ h°‘“'d 0‘ inﬁll’
t one wins the _blue ribbon. Now
What in the world does it allyinean?” , b
He 33;  for mjang time. pondering deepbr,
 use clock had tick l

,  .j

 
  
    

      

  
  
  
 

  

  

Ia .. 

 

l

NEW

 
  
  
  
  
  
   
    
  
    
  
  
 
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
   
 
 

 to two; and then, as’ he was about to rise, he
 the street-door open and close again, and, sup-
 that Chick had returned, he -stepped out into. the
hall to call to him. ‘ ~

I But it was not Chick, for he could hear Joseph’s voice
 conversation with a stranger, and, feeling that the
caller had brought him some sort of a message, the de-
l  hurried down the stairs. ,

I It was an American District messenger boy,‘from the
qﬁce at"the corner of Twenty-third Street and Eighth
‘.3’? Avenue; and he held forth an envelope to the detective,
ﬂrthe remark:

‘i, 9N0 answer, sir. I was to be sure that you received
' I
He was turning away
.,,Nibk detained him.

‘ix  a moment,” he said. Then he broke the seal
read; but not until he had read a message that was
 on the outside of the envelope, which read:
Please deliver this to Nick Carter. Keep the money.”
The message inside the envelope was: ‘

to leave the house ‘again when

 For God's sake, save me. Remember my
lthati I could not ﬁnish. The word Kolara is the
clue I can give you. I do not know what it means.
STARBUCK.”

s

’5“’Fhe detective shrugged his shoulders andgreplaced

"iwaswrittenonthegutside. V
I ‘did youﬁnd this message?” he asked of the
.

?! . '
‘ —in..front of theoﬂice where r work~Eighth

 Iwasidstreturningfrom an
,3‘  ‘I ,‘;~

 wrapped aéhwound it?" asked Nick.
._   bill. Itisaid keep the money
 . ~

iisiﬁsinee  ' '

‘ I hour, sir.” .. 
itthrown ,

   

If

L’, .~_

1“, . 2, , . ._
,_ __a_ carriage window?

W

ICK CARTER WEEKLY.  ‘ 

,,;hcssage_inside the envelope, when he again read ,

.I¥ow was Chick, as well as Patsy and Ten—Ichi, first '

lastly, how did the person who brought the message '.

left to himself long enough to. write it. I-Ie prob.abl'y'had»~.

.1’ ‘-2'?
it

it would not’ have been long in the street right tlierrr, I 
where ‘so many are passing, without being found." ‘

‘That is true. Which way was the carriage going ?"‘

“Toward the river, sir. The North River.”

The detective permitted the messenger to depart then;
but as soon'as he was gone he said to Joseph:

“I must go out again at once. When Chick returns—~
or either of the others—tell them to wait up for me in
expectation of a telephone-message.” ,

“At last,” he mused, as he hurried into the street, “I
have got something tocling to. I know, at least, that
the so-called valet, Idayah, is at the bottom of this entire
affair; and I must suppose that since the carriage was’
driving; westward through Twenty-third Street it was
making‘. for the ferry~—the Pennsylvania or the Erie. It_
is possible that at this hour of the morning I may be “
able to get some trace of them.” I

It was not far from Nick Carter's house to Madison '
Square, and there the ‘detective knew he would be able
to End a conveyance; and he was soon seated in a han-
som, driving with all speed toward the West‘ Twenty-
third Street ferry.

Then he set himself to the effort of trying to collect
and bring together the ‘scattered threads of the aﬁair, ,
first giving his attention to the two notes. '5

J The one he had foundiawaiting him in his study he ‘
believed he could explain. ‘ .

“Starbucki was permitted to write that,” was his
thought. “His; captors stood over him while he did it,
careful that he should say nothing they did not wish
him to say. But it is possible that they thought that the 
injunction not to search for Starbuck would be obeyed;
and then one of them undertook to deliver the message, 
But here I am confronted by another problem. How did . <-I
the man who delivered that message get into the house?‘ 4.

,, .....1..~“r-‘u L

 

drawn away from the house?’ How. was Joseph put to V 
sleep without creating a suspicion in his mind? And, __ Q,

    

   

       
  
   
 
 
 

there knbw where my «private room was located inside:
the house? ,~
“There are four important questions for me to think 1
out. ‘ , . '
“Now, as to the second message, Starbuck hash .

  
    

v:

  

95%» pf
ﬁfe

 

fastened the bill under the ﬂap of the envelope, he
waited his chance to throw it into the street. '
“But whatis it all about? ‘Remember my story that
I could not finish.’ Does that mean that Starbuck’s cap«
tors have started with him for Nepal, in the heart of the
; Asiaticcontinent, at the foot of the Himalayas? Or
 does it mean only that he has fallen into the power of
‘ people who oorne from that country? Gee! I wish he
had had time to ﬁnish that story. ‘The word Kolara is
git: onlyclue I can give you-«I do not know what it
means.’ Well, neither do I. It might be the name of a
mountain, a river, a town, or a temple in Nepal; it
’ mightlbe the name_of a man—-or a boat; it might be
?_) anything at all. ‘I am in the hands of Idayah.’ Well,
" at last that means something. ‘I am in the hands of
Idayah’ means that the valet to the murdered baron is
the main gazabo inthis game; it means that the name
. ‘Snot unknown to Starbuck; it means that Starbuck
 doesn't remember exactly how far he had progressed in
 thetellingofthatstoxytome, anclnow thinks thathe
 had already mentioned Idayah; and the whole thing
luimu that from the horse culled ‘Arab,’ down to the
hostler whose namctwas ‘Madge,’ the people of that
 strange place called ‘The Sacred Valley’ are responsible
5. for everything that has happened in connection with this
15 aiair to—day.”

The hansom in which he was riding stopped at the
ferry—house, and he sprang out and hastened forward,
V entering the Pennsylvania station ﬁrst; but he stopped
 at the ticket—window after he had paid his fate:
 am Nick Carter,” he said to the man on duty. “I
 a party which must have gone-lover by this
 for‘ by the Erie, within an hour. I will describe
 as I can, and I willvbegrcatly obliged to

 ii ‘an .,

  put me upon the right track.”

E also ind the money, and, having written the note and
E‘ .
E ‘«

 
   
  
  
      
     
  
 
   
   
 

 

_ CHAPTER x. .. /
, ~   tn: Irtnrrur. ,

   with a?'gi-apm ie description of
 half-ﬁnished before the man

  

V“; ‘J, 

    

 

  . .5
'* ‘ :9
‘ .

I

I 

  

  
  

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY. 21

Nick. “I have never seen the others of the party, and

, so'I am not sure about one of them. How many were

in the party with the gentleman you think I am de-
scribing?’ M

“Three besides himself.”

“I should say that the most noticeable feature about
them would have been their eyes. The eyes should have
been very dark and brilliant. They should have im-
pressed you as being foreigners, I think: but without
having anything particularly and distinctively foreign
about them. If the leader of the party was the one I*
think it was. his hair should have been very light; so
blond as to be almost white, and ”

The ticket agent interrupted the detective.

“\Vas there a woman in the party?” he asked.

“I don’t know. There might have been. Why?”

“Because you have given a very good description of
the woman who was with them. It was she who ap-
proached the window first, and who paid the fares. She
was the most beautiful woman I ever saw, I think~—that
is, the most strangely beautiful.
white as snow, and yet it was not the same white that
comes with age. Rather, it _was a perfectly natural
white. Her skin, too, was almost as white as her hair,
only there was a healthy, wholesome glow about it; and
her eyes were as black as night.”

“There is no doubt about them now,” said Nick.
“They went on the last boat, you say?”

“Yes.” I

“How long ago was that ?”

“Thirty-ﬁve minutes.”

“\.’\/hen is the next boat?”

“In ten minutes."

“You have a telephone there, haven’! Y0“: Which
oornmunicateswiththeoﬁioeinJerseyCity,8iS'?" .

“Yes. You may use it, Mr. Carter. Come aromti
andstepin5id¢_ lgisagalnsttherulessbutlthinkin
tlrisinstanoelcanstreechthemalittle-”

Over the melephonemvire Nick gave a descriptionpf Lg
thepax-ty1;otheagentattheotherend:heashcdth8t
they be searched for around the station, and, if found, 
that 3, policeman be asked to detain them as suspicious 

Her hair was almost as

persons until his arrival. Then he called up police 5?.
hcgdqmg-tog-3 in Jersey‘, City, and. having told who he 
wggagkeadiat-uvospecildetectivesbesun atonceto
tlwuueiau of the Pailuylnnia road to meet him  
..,.,.,a;..mn1,§ andtoarrestandhold thepa-rty-of

. .5

.E3..::

 

   
 
  
  
   
   
 

  found; and being assured that all his,
, y s would be attended to, he returned to the ticket
1;, . , _. Y
“The man whom I first described to you," he said, “is
Gerald Starhuck, a prominent society swell of New
ark. ,I want you to describe to me, as nearly as pos‘-
' it éjust how he acted during the time you saw him.
most have been forced to wait here a little time
 boat by which they crossed the river. Tell me
you noticed about the conduct of any of the party,
.7) .

   
 

wouldn't have noticed the party at all, Mr. Carter,
itnot been for the startling character of the beauty
‘N woman. L I don't think she was more than twenty
r «old—-certainly not much more than that. She had
-brightest and blackesti/eyes I ever saw; and the
 ‘V j~hair I ever saw; and the pinkest skin I ever

wliere it was not whiter than her hair. She was
’ V rnpdestly, but, nevertheless, in the height of
u. She vliorei beautiful furs, although the night is

   
  

M

  

nodded.’ /“Go on,” he said.

geutletnhn you say was ‘Mr. Starbuck acted as
 drinking more than was’ good for him.
' Y  on  feett andrhiseyes were glazed
7  he ebuld hardly_ keep them open. He
M _ beside, the others, and did not utter a word

  
  
  

 

  

 ‘He  through with them. with
   either sicleof; him. I did

Mapyogof.  ‘afterﬁney passed through, and I
it Sven: at once  the boatwhich-was waiting

” .

 
  
 

about aaemainins  of the party?"
    at
 of. was the woman’: brother, he-
 " 5.!“ W7‘ 1”“ “°'=- Hi;°.i‘l";'7‘ 3,“ W,‘
_ /‘ He“mademethink-ofd!ee_a”ged
  he was so supple‘in'his
, - 1 ,

 man of the party?"

 
  

 

 
 

NEW NICK .CAR’I"ER' WEEKLY. *p

people could not have hidden away from me, even if:

they were notgboard when we went to New York on the
I last trip.” ‘ '

ﬂhad found a clue merely to lose it again, and, havingi‘

..ascertained that there was_‘_stiIl half an hour before the
,  would return to New York again, be thanked

ou,t'of the station upon the streets of the city..;.;  .j N

  
  

 

VVhen the detective arrived at the Jersey City end of vi
the ferry he found two detectives ‘awaiting him—-or, "
rather, they 'were oﬂicers in plain clothes; and with
them was one of the regular policemen stationed at the
terminal.

But none of them had any information about the
people for whom the detective was searching; nor
could any person be found around the station who
remembered having seen them.‘ I

They had not been seen to leave the boat at all, and
suddenly it occurned to Nick that possibly he might have .
committed what he would call another blunder-—foa/xavith
him it seemed as if the past day had been one of blun-
ders. It was possible that theparty had not left the
boat at all, but had returned to New York:

“Wait a moment,” he said, “until I question the deck-Q
hands on this boat. I suppose it is the same-one that
came over on the last trip, isn't it?”

  
     
     
     
 

“Yes,” was the reply. “There is only one boat run- ‘
niug on that route at this time of the night."

But here, again, he was disappointed. .

When‘ he had succeeded in grouping the d‘eck-hands
together, and describing to them the appearance of the;
party he sought, there were two who remembered dis-
tinctly havjng seen them, because of the strange charac-
ter ofothe ‘woman's beauty; but they had not been no
ticed leaving the boat, and it was equally positive that
they had not returned to New York aboard ‘of it.

i“Isknow that they did not remain on the boat,” said
one of the deck-hands, who acted as spokesman for the ,
others, “for the reason that it was my; turn to make the a‘
tour of thvcfbins. If anybody remains aboard the boat = 7

to return, we hate to collect a return fare. Those four,

 
      
       
     
    
     
     
   
     
      

theyliad tried to do so. and I know that I on not
collectaa fare for that return trip. In fact, I know 

   
 
     

   
    

It seemed to Nick Carter, as he turned away, that  L

 
  
  

  
    

   
 

 detectives and the policeman for their ' V, ,
in tliemauer, and strolled away froznthenyat 

  

 
    

It .,e:hca  thmii-Y_,Ind,faur¥ oaoarvn s

 

  

  
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
 
  

" a'ppointed.? He wished to be alone ‘to think it over, al-
 he was tiredof thinking; and well~nigh out of
conceit with himself entirely. «H -- ’

“He walkedup the street a little way and paused upon
'“a»comer, with his hands in his pockets and his head
i lowered,‘whe1f_snddeﬁly he was roused out of his reverie
I  a hack, which whirled around the corner so near to
the curb» that he wasobliged to leap backward to protect
his knees from the passing ‘hub of "the wheels.

}»’And as he started back, with an impatient exclama—
_  ‘atvthe driver for’ his carelessness on the tipgof his
tongue to utter, he was startled into total forgetfulness

hetobtained of the occupants of the -hack.

‘A pair of ‘glowing black eyes had peered out at him
, for that instant; a gleam of hair that was almost white
 shone  the ‘picture-hat that the woman ‘wore; and,
‘beyond it all, there was a ﬂeetingvision of a man who

~  lying back against the ‘cushions as if he were
1' i ‘asleep—and then the carriage was gone, and the vision
 win it . ‘ - . -..

{p_‘But Nick Carter'had' seenenongh; ’ 2

 wauhesame as if he had been standing
 aaaanasn or lightning had mumined
:; a scene   for .!he”br’ie'fgstifraction of an in
T‘,  a1r*‘in:tant'of’time may be ‘divided into frac-
‘-as-'I‘Ie saw and he recognized a faeethat he had never
< Belrbefore as perfectly as if he was quite familiar with
 if he had not done so, he was positive that

 the features of Gerald Starbuck.
 2"‘;-‘h’: mm had not moved thirty feet -bcyond"'him
 ygg'in.fnll chase; but, nevertheless, ittg-lained
 ﬁg. pg]-cepﬁbiy, and had whirled around acomer
A‘ before he could have counted ten.
;  he reached that corner and turned to pur-
  ‘ ' rgtill more, and was already rounding
 3...}. the driver was‘ half-standing‘ upon’
"B6tE36¢~4ﬁt%§nIdr.«p1yin9 ms wh*P1*=v°** *"° i*'°“'=5-,
  M , gmiﬂuxetspeed. L. . _
  almost the‘"la'st chance he
—;  “l i   mysteries of that
 his utmostspeed in the

    
   

  
      
     

‘,1 » t '3"

' NEW NICK‘CARTER VVEEKLY. . 2

ofhis narrow escape by the ﬂeeting ﬂash—light glimpse-

.,,,,,,.,.....,.ar the uneonlciousnnnniinside the hack had

  

CA)

a pair of running horses. he will know something of the
difficulties that Nick Carter had to face then, and he will
understand the impossibility of overtaking the hack; but
Nick was determined to pursue it just as long as there
was the slightest possibility of following in its wake.

After that last turn made by the hack it kept straight
up the street toward the Heights. with the horses still
running at their utmost speed; and at that hour in the
morning there was nothing to impede its progress; noth-
ing to stop them; nobody to see the chase or to offer
the detective any assistance.

He regretted now that he had not thought to use one
of his pistols in an effort to stop the horses. He might
have shot one of them: now it was too late for that, for
they were already practically out of range.

And then the detectives luck, which seemed totally
to have deserted him that day. returned to help him.

It was the hour for ‘milk-wagons’ to be abroad; the
hour for marketmen and green-grocers to be seeking
their wares for the day.

The hack horses were practically running away by
now, and the driver was still standing on his box, ply-
ing his whip and urging them to even greater speed; ’
andithe hack was swaying from side to side of the
thoroughfare while the horses dashed madly onward.

And then from out of one of the side street the luck
came.

It approached in the form of a lumbering milk‘wagon;
a covered vehicle drawn by two gray horses, which
trotted amiably into the perspective directly in the track
of the running team, and therefore into a crashing col-
lision, which mixed the four horses into a struggling
mass of kicking legsvand heaving bodies, which"scat~
tered milk~cans in every direction, and which, by the
noise of the impact, roused the entire neighborhood

Nick Carter was about a city block distant‘ from the’
scene of the accident, but he was running with all 
speed he could muster toward it. e - s  "

It happened to be a dark spot where the acddent“f3§‘; '
pened. For some unknown reason the arc~:light*if’5l1€+ 
corner had gone out; but, nevertheless, as“Nii¢|)f*"f8I|  ‘ 
ward he could see that one ﬁgure lﬂﬁdifrbm ti” ‘
wrecked hack to the street and  'i"‘9"°’“t Of 
into the one from whic!t'th!"n1ﬂ'f’‘‘'‘‘3°‘‘ ‘"4 
that it was the   F” L
800d he:-escape     ~ ~

 
  
   
  
  

for hekvastsatislied

 

 *-'-w'..~

  
  
   
  
  
    
 
 
  
  
    
  
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
    
    
 
   
 

'. .._, ' ‘ ’«,».
1 '.‘ ' ' 2 ‘-

,.  the woman was Idayah, the valet; Idayah, the mur-
_* deress; Idayah, the mystery.

 

CHAPTER XI. ’ ' -
\
THE PICTURE IN THE D(X)RW.‘\Y.

When the detective dashed" up to the scene of the
= wreck the driver of the milk-wagon was standing in the
midst of it all, swearing frightfully; the hack—driver was
ying on his face on the pavement, unconscious or killed,
and‘ the hack itself was a total wreck.

But Nick devoted only a glance to these things.

i The man of the milk-wagon saw him approaching and

to him in passing.

“Look out for the man who is inside that hack.
 here with ;him till I return, and I will pay‘all dam-
ﬁgs,” he shouted; o and then he dashed around the
 in pursuit of the woman, whom he intended
puld not escape now, if he could prevent it.

t as he turned the corner he stopped abruptly.

pp The distance from there to the next corner was con
;lide1‘able, and the lights were so that he could see quite
'l_y for the entire length of the block, and there was
‘$3 wainan in sight anywhere. ‘

There was nothing in sight, in fact, save another hack,
hich was standing quietly against the curb in front of a
~ not a hundred feet distant from him.

 stopped only for a single instant; then he moved
‘ again and went straight to the motionless carriage,
K the driver appeared to be soundly sleeping at his
on the box, and this of itself was sufficient to rouse

ﬂeet  just  should have aroused him.

, detective did not trouble to wake the man and
7‘ ' He was satisﬁed; that he wasonly feign-
‘ , and, therefore, if he answered questions at all,
anngIg’ao soonly in a misleading manner. '
lheipulledopentlnedoorofthehackandpeered

, ~» ~ { .

CL . ' 

amen" "ye was on the point of.withdravring his

 the interior of: the hack, detérminednow to
Ihemanon theboxtoanswerquesti0ns.when5

    

fpqsthimaridburiéditselfintlsecushionsof
    ’.hssaWi°*li%$$i9:1e.

    
  

 
  

awak_e',1__iewas  . T .4 _ T,

57+ , 1...
l I

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

winglike haft of the strange weapoii that had pierced
the baron’s side could not be mistaken; and this was
the same instrument, or one exactly like it.

Nick started backward and managed to leap to one
side in time to avoid a blow that was aimed at him from
behind, and with a blow of his ﬁst, which a pugilist
would have called an upper hook, he‘ sent the supposed
sleeping driver sprawling to the ground.

And then, as he turned to face other foes, he discov-
ered that there were none. 
There was still’
the wreck at the corner, where now several men, and,

The street was as deserted as before.

among them, a policeman, had appeared, but save for

that there was not a moving object in sight.
Nick knew that the driver of the hack who had pre-
tended to be asleep, and who was now unconscious, could

not have thrown the dart at him, and from its position '

in the cushion of the hack he reasoned that it must have
come from the house before which the vehicle was
standing.

And, yet, there was not a sign of life about the

house; there was no window open from which the mis-
sile could have been thrown; the front door was closed,
and the grilled door under the steps, which led into the
basement, was closed and apparently fastened.

But already the, policeman who had appeared at the"

wreck on the corner was running toward him, and he
came up pulling and panting with his unusual exertions.

It did not take long for the detective to make the po-
liceman understand who he was, and then, snapping a
pair of handcuffs upon the still unconscious driver, he
asked the oﬂicer to remain on guard there until he re-

turned, and without more words he dashed up the steps ~

to the front door of the house.

Nor did he stop here to ring the bell or to pound upon
the door. ‘

V He tried ‘it and found that itiwas locked, as he had - i

expected it would be; but his picklock was handy, and
while you might have counted ten he had both doors
open and had stepped inside the hallway.

Here there was a dim light burning, although the ‘

house itself was as silent as a tomb; but the d§ective

was apt deceived by that, since he was positive that the  
dart,th§t had been thrown at him could have proceeded  

from no other place than that particularhouse.
That

‘we.
,,

 

there was somebody awake there, andyery  , V ”

     
 

  

   
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
    
    
       
       
    
      
      

l e  the light up as faxras it would go. “Then

 - to leave the place,'and toiuse his pistol if necessary
‘lphentorce his orders, and then he opened the doors into
if ‘parlor and peered inside.
:‘l'here‘was no one there;

'*- t room from the one to the rear of it, and beyond the
doors he could see that another light was burning.

but glass doors separated

I rs without warning of any kind, when they ﬂew open

""3-' ‘re him, and at the same instant electric lights ﬂashed
 being, seemingly“ from every side of the room at

 _Ca’rter halted ‘in his advance; halted ‘directly in
31¢: center of the room, for in the center of those folding

sck had heard her beauty several times referred to
 night; ..he. had supposed that it was something out
' :_‘the~ordinary,° but he was in no way prepared for
Withisaw. ‘ p i 1‘ - V .'

perfectibigbnde cduld not well have sloe-black eyes——-
_; yet herewas a .perf‘ect blonde who did possess
i but, after all, her superlative beauty was not the

7 ~; part of the scene to the detective, It was

  

  
  

   

 pursued her when she was in the escaping
he had seen her leap from that equipage and run
the street; he had followed her; he had almost

 
 

  at him not ﬁve- minutes b‘efore,_from
 and probably by her hand, and yet hete
dressedasif shehad notbeen out of hersroom
- /as if she had leaped from her bed

§;l'§§v'nu~_a  and to don a Pail‘ °f

   
  
  

   

frightened; her hair was 
"  ' ‘might haveipbeen had the oomii:
r :19‘ cgunterfeit  been’ ‘true;
 "   iuer‘“ninaa,. which she

  

 

um?" Nicki CARTER tVEEKl.Y. '

‘powder had half—suffocated him for an instant, but even;

.k and threw a gleam of brilliancy through the 
Ving doors there was no one there, the room

2 his further progress. ,

, ?€§'°d"  

   

25
He had that‘
sense of repugnance of intrusion upon the privacy of a

woman in her own house which all men must feel at
such a time. '

For a moment Nick was nonplused.

For just one instant he stopped in his tracks; for just ,3
one moment he hesitated; but then he continued his ad-
vance toward her, unmindful of the wavering weapon
she held in her grasp.

“It won’t do, madam,” he said coldly. “You are won-

derful at lightning changes, as well as in other things, 
but, all the same, you are my prisoner. Drop that 
pistol!” \ *
‘Instead of obeying him—instead of dropping the pis-
tol-——she pulled the trigger. for Nick saw the movement
of the muscles of her forearm as she did so; but he , 
saw no more than that, for instantly he was blinded‘by“ 3
an- opaque powder that was shot from its muzzle upon 
him; blinded and staggered at the same time, for he: lg

was half -suﬁocated as well; and it seemed as if the in
powder had. the power or the quality of blotting ’ out
from view everything that had been before him. ‘

It was only an instant, to be sure; but the picture of
the woman framed in the doorway, with the glowing 
brightness of the room beyond it, and with the illumina-’
tion surrounding him, disappeared as if by magic, and 4i
then came darkness, utter and complete. ' -

He had the sensation of having been suddenly struck l‘ :
blind,‘ only ’there  no pain with it all; the strange

that sensation did not last; but every ‘light in the house
seemed to have gone out as suddenly as they had spy
peared. _
At once Nick dashed his hand into his pocket ‘and
drew forth his electric searchdight, and he knew that no:
more than half a dozen seconds could have passed 
the ﬁgure of the woman, stol in hand, had  
in the doorway; but w n he pressed upon the 

  
  
 

  
    
  
   
      
    
    
    

  
  

deserted——there was nothing, absolutely nothing‘: 
n ' ‘V p 

With a bound he reached the threshold.
the woman had only  wirlio 9"? 535k‘
which he sup11osed‘to:he:a‘bhdi'oehfI; but when

  
  
 

    

   
   

0

, ihbacklparlor of_ a  ordinary house supplied
g  common furnishings.

E11: needed only a glance to tell him that the woman
. d somehow made her escape during that interval of a
New secondswhen he  been blinded and partly suf-
faceted by the powder ‘she had shot upon him from the
 weapon she had carried, and it needed only at second
 to apprise him of the fact that the small door which
“from that room into the main hall of the house was
open, and that the woman had doubtless taken that

eat. ‘ - A

:’He ran to it and passed through. The street-door at
T ‘ front of the house was still open,. as. he had left it
I n entering. ,

as hastened to that, and looked out upon the street——
 he leaped down the steps to the side of the
if comm‘ he had. left. on guard, who was slowly rising
jhisieet, rubbing his eyes and swearing like a trooper.
T‘ , is she ?/ demanded the detective.

 me!” exclaimed the officer. “She shoved a
uito me face and pulled the trigger, and, faith, me
want out like that ;” and he snapped his ﬁngers.

 I know,” he added.  . ‘

?'hep"deteetive looked up and down the street. There
not 3’ person in sight, save those who had gathered
" rner about the wreck, and Nick doubted if the
Nsizould have had time to go that ‘farhefore he
w;d,hcr out or the house.

_s_1j;iining~house’s‘  "as tightly as they
 ,;before his entrance’ into this one———arid yet the

 somehow  ‘as.  by‘ magic. ,

Vi "'w‘as‘only‘one ‘wayifor her  tthat,” mut-
‘detective.’ “She took the tiuie to  out here
 éfthe ’*._Ic.ent, and’ then’ she” ran‘ ibacglzg
.Jnm.re. ‘

   
 

   
 

  

into

 
  
  

V 3  If ‘shy

H

  
  

ii£:she,idoes'that.

   

  

NEW NICK‘ CARTER WEEKLY.

T handpfor an instant upon the balustrade, ‘andﬁas hedid
‘ so he heard the street-door close ‘softly behind him. ‘

,;e the ﬁoor despite his struggl/es—;~andV somenmzg: 
T @933 G016  Chill

   
   
    
    
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
    
   
  
  
   
   

not a ray of light anywhere, for even that one in the J‘,
hallway had been extinguished. ‘ .

But the detective still had his own trustworthy search-
light in his grasp, and he was at that moment about as
near to being as impatiently angry‘as he ever allowed
himself to become.

That the woman was still somewhere inside that
house, he did not doubt, and that she should not again
escape him, he was determined; and then, that word»
which Starbuck- had written in the letter, and also the
name of the woman he was pursuing, came to him; and
following some impulse which he could not have deﬁned
he paused for an instant upon the threshold and called
out: . ~e e 4
“Kolaral Idayah! Kolara!”

in :L:it§b:s.—.::..~:&‘~«*.".*s.a,..~..e -

 

l

CHAPTER XII.

 L,"
 . CORNERING A MYSTERY. . 1

Nick Carter could not have explainedyvhy he called
outl those two words, or names, and he waited and lis-
tened after he uttered them.

Theihouse, however, remained silent, and there was
no answer to his call in any form. 
The light he carried in hisbhand, although a powerful '
one, discharged only a single beam, like the ﬁery 
of a search—light from a war-ship. ' p

_ Nick waved the light about in front of him, throwing .
it upon the stairs, through the door into the parlor, along
the hall toward the door into the back parlor, every?
where; but it revealed nothing whatever to his 

eyes. ’ A T /_ V ’ 1 T M

Presently he stepped forward./ .

He knew that the woman could not be on the ground
ﬂoor of ’ the house, or,‘ at least, was not likely to 
there, the supposition being that after returning to the
housewhen she left the policeman she had gone 
up the stairs to one of the upper ﬂoors. ‘ ‘ 

He started forward to follow that idea; he 

  
 
       
  
   
       
   
    
    
       
     
   
 
  

    
 

  
  
   
   
  

L.-.Instantly‘he wheeledy but he was ;not quick
avoid the attack upon him, re: faeiiee, turned pbwerﬁﬁ
arrnsrwere thrown around him, a heavyweight,

       
  

 oven

      

  

  
 
    
    
   
 
 
  
    
   
   
   
  
 

l.1t__J~Nick Carter had the forethought to /hold his
.1;h——and he struggled mightily.

.TiHe tore the clammy thing from his head ‘and face;
struck out with his hands and kicked with his feet;
seized upon two arms that were holding himanrl tore
from the grasp they had upon him; he wrenched
em ﬁercely, and shut his iron grip upon them with the
7 strength of a giant —and he heard the owner of

. . man, and so struggled toihis feet again, seizing, as he
so, a second ﬁgure with which his hands had come
golcontact. ~ ~ _ . '
1H6  against the wall in his struggle, and his
N : ged hand came in contact with the electric
, and instantly be turned it, with the, result that
try light in that part ‘of the house was instantly
W ed on agajn~—and he saw ‘that he held in his grasp,
,tl'3,wornan of the doorway, but her counterpart in
L ' ' attire. ll \

“The. vraleti” he exclaimed, ‘holding his captive the
ti;ghﬂy- ' ._
Ie could have sworn that at least three pairs of hands
seized upon him; he knew that a weight much
tgr than this valetcould have brought to bear had
€_ to the ﬂoor, and yet there was no other hu-
g  present there. i

 have gut you, -anyhow!” he said grimly. “You are
, the ‘ 011 are also the woman of the door-
 up as a man. You are an expert at light-
 I sect‘  you probably wore that, garb
 feminine‘ apparel all the time. What have
 jaojsay for yourself P” i i '

  

 

   

    
  
 
  

j a; deep eontralto, toibe sure——that uttered

' to the door and opened,   maintain-

3--

 ioutsidc:

— . H NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

’ g M ‘derers 3”” He thought he would anger her by that quegs-v
 was the’ calm reply; and it wa.s.th_e voice _

ith:at,§lender  and he called out

   

27

woman whom Nick had captured; there could be no
doubt of that; and to the unbounded astonishment of
the detective, she seemed to be perfectly self-possessed,
not in the least disturbed by her capture, and utterly
unmindful of the predicament in which she stood. :3

7‘wYou are a woman?” asked Nick.

“Yes,” she replied, a third time; and, somehow, it
annoyed the detective.

 

“Is that the only word of the English language that‘,
you are familiar with?” he demanded impatiently. T

 

“It is suﬂicient for your purpose, isn’t it?’,’ she asked
in return.

“Did you murder the baron ?”

“Yes.” M ‘ L

“W'ell', anyhow, I have got you now. There were two .,
murderers, weren’t there? One of them threw the same
sort of a dart as that one with which you tried to kill
me a little while ago, and the other one made use oia
trained horse for theikilling. Now, which one of those
two were you?”

“Both.” ' .

_Again that suggestion of a sneer. Again the calm
reply. Again that outward seeming of utter indifference
as to consequences. Nick tried another line of ques-
tions. '

 

      
      

 

 
      
 

“You came across on the Twenty-third Street ferry a.
little while ago, didn't you ?” he asked.

“Yes.” in

“And brought Starbuck with you?”

“Yes.” 4 *

“There were two others with you; no? Two of your’,
own kind? Two more white-haired, black-eyed mm?

  
    
   
      
 

  
  
  

tion, but he did not succeed, for she responded as§ind_if-"I
ferently as befo;-¢; " ~
“Yes.” , 
'i “Where are those others now ?” he asked,  op
She did not answer. i 
“Never mind,”  the detective. “You 
reply if yau hone care to do so? It is pretty
they have noteleft this house, and aaatﬁiwey 
found when the oﬂieérs arrive. They W611? h°1'¢"I A

  
    
 
    

    
 
   
 

   
    
 
  
   
   
  
 
    
    
  
 
    
   
  
 

V 3?, too, for you will have reason to remember it
I i'.,ou. I’ speak your language perfectly, as you see,

I came here, not in pursuit of the man who was

 which you have temporarily prevented me from
V I, '_ . I shall, however, carry it out at no distant
. I come from a country that you have never heard
1- or, if you have, you have heard very little. I came
a purpose,‘ and though _"you should arrest me many‘
' I will live to carry out that purpose. There is no’

- - 'ble for the death of that man with the German
s It was I who threw the dart at the place called
‘Gélrdenwand here. It was I who trained the horse

 All that is mysterious to you how shall
~'-rmystefies. ‘If you seek to explain them, you will

  
 

 ifneuer pay the penalty.  you nor
?can hold me, and beware if you pursue me after

.cartiage_atthe corner. I left him there, as

1 [You can sad the mi Mudge, who cared for
_ if you Search for him, but he is innocent of
V" Qrof   You have found me,
sip, ,. Ieonfess my the l:i1Iing"of the
W _  atmyyhands, Why, I with
  _was,tyou  notknow;
 (V   seleccedto witness
~ " not  It is euo_ughtl1at‘he

   
 

‘.-.

   

  

 

‘ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ' T 

 I was never in this country until a few days .

’ under the inﬂuence of some subtle drug, the control of

 his
V  ~ » -' E ‘Fourfold Problem.” The story ‘will deal 
 teriejs;-of_ A strange cultwhich threatened _'z~zs¢k
fr ,aivith,ji/poreailrexnarlcalwle  that he had evil‘

.5

and then she reached out ~ her hands, holding them 
clasped together. i ‘
' “You have handcuffs there,” she said.
my wrists, if you please.” . .
The officers for whom the detective had sent ap~
peared then, and the house was searched from cellar to
roof, but without result; and while the search was in‘
progress, another policeman led Gerald Starbuck into
the presence of Nick Carter.
But the horseman seemed not to recognize the de-
,tective.

“Put them on

He walked perfectly well, and he replied in '
monosyllables when he was addressed; but other than 7
that he made no remark, and he appeared as if he were, Z

which he could not shake off.

And at last, just as the sun was rising over the house-
tofps, Nick Carter had himself and his prisoner, with
Starbuck also in the carriage with them, driven to the
fei'ry, and so they crossed the ferry into the State of
New York. ' 1 A i‘

Idayah was committed to the Tombs; Starbuck was
taken to a private room at the New York Hospital; the
coroner was notiﬁed of the confession of Idayah—?—and L _
the strange case of the murder of Baron Sternfeldt was . 
concluded. ‘ ,v i V

 

 
      

"But the mysteries lying behind it all were not ex-
plained. It was known who killed him, and how he was 
killed; but why he was killed, or who he really was, 
bade fair to remain mysteries forever. ‘ ,

Only one of the mysteries was cleared up for the de V’
tective before he parted with Idayah at the Tombs. He‘ , i
said to her: ; 

“I want you to reply to one question for me. It 
do you no‘harm to do so. Was it you who stood behind
mein Starbuck's oﬂice, when I made the promise not to “T
turn my head or move?” and she replied? T 5

“Yes;.and if you had turnedpyour head or moved
that‘ time, you would have died on the instant you did

99
50. .

     
 
    
  

    
    
 
      

  
 
  

   
     
  

  

r L mm mm.

.‘n

No. 534 of the Nxcx Cane: Ween?  be 

 
         

      
 

    

  

W i.

  

 

SSUED EVERY SATURDAY.

  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 

am with all kinds of criminals.

I

'« No other detective library contains stories that are half so inter-
’ Csting. Nick Carter has been all over the world and has had experi-

That’s why, boys, his adventures holds one’s interest from cover

There is no brutality in Nick’s make-up——he does not need it

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

it I FOP sale by all newsdoalere, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt at price in money or postage stamps

  
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
  
   
   
 
   
    
    
    
  

HERE ARE ‘THE

505-—The Man of Many Faces: or, Nick Carter Behind
the Scenes.
5°5~A Letter From the Dead; or, Nick Carter's Proud-
 est Moment.
A 507,-Bare-faced Jimmy, the Gentleman Crook; or, Nick
‘ . , Carter’: Amazing Experiment.
5°8—The Gentleman Crook’s Last Act; or, Nick Carter
and the Haunted House.
The “Skidoo” of the K. U. & T.; or, Nick Carter‘s
Great Train Robbery Case.
1°-The Last of the Outlaws: or, How Nick Carter
 Stopped the “Cannon-ball.”
‘I--Nick Carter’s Twin Mystery; or, The Secret of the
 Green Automobile.
'12---A Battle of Wits; or. Nick tarter’s Fight for Life.
 5‘13‘*A Game of Five Millions; or, Nick Cartcr’s Fight
_. __. T With a Fiend., .
. V14-—Codman the Poisoner; or, Nick Carter's Strangest
3*“ _ Experience.
“The Plot of the Poisoner; or, Nick Carter’s Hair-
‘ ‘fbreadth Escape.
TheHMechanical Giant; or, Ten-Ichi Plays 3 Lone
. 4 7 Ind.
 thg Unknown; 01', Nick Carter’s Blindfold
' Mystery.



_ Woman; or, Nick Carter Faces a
l  I Ho;-‘Icy’; Ghogf: or, Nick Carter's Des-
. ‘gm ‘

0383
P°"”..“F' - .
A . ‘ ' Mystery; or, Nick Carter’s Blood-
h.°;em, an the Scent. —

-A.

   
 
   

LATEST TITLES:

52I—The Mysterious Stranger: or, Nick Carter’s Com-
plex Case. _

522-——The \\’hite Arm of 3. \\'Oman; or, Nick Carter's
Desperate Chase.

523-—The Man in the D-3or\\'a_\'; or, Nick Carter's Con-
quest of a Castle.

52.t—~The l‘lot of the Baron; or, Nick Carter's Telling
Strategy.

525-~Thc Passexiger on the Night Local; or, Nick Car-
ter's Perfect Disguise.

52G—A Double .\Iyster_v; or, Nick Carter’s Strong—hand
Pla .

527——-Clarice): the Countess; or, Nick Carter's Motor-
boat Chase.

he Nick Carter Weekly

HANDSOM EST COLORED COVERS

528——Clarice, the VVoman Detective; or, Nick Carter’s'

Titled Assistant.
529—The Index of Seven Stars; or, Nick Carter Finds
the Hidden City.

53o——An Amazonian Queen; or, Nick Carter Becomes a 

Gladiator.

53I——A Blackmailer's Paradise; or, Nick Carter Dis-'

covers the Hidden Hand.

532--Gipsy Madge, the Blackmailer; or, Nick Carte!_"ai:

First-class Bluﬂ’.

533—Facing an Unseen Terror; or, Nick ‘Carter’s Dayii

of Blunders.

534—Idayah, the Woman of Mystery; or, Nick Carter's. _ 

Fourfold Problem. .

535--The Making of a King; or, Nick Carter Feces His ‘[_ 

Greatest Mystery.

 luaeknuaabere at our libraries endieannot procure them from your  th¢y_«:]-
.  °.55“"n"‘*° P°'t*!¢ $33198 taken the same as :noa'¢7- ‘  

 79 Seventh Ave'!"¢v ~£W YORK cm; 

 

     
   

   

 

  

  

 BDIIFFALILBILL sromts

 

 

 ISSUED EVERY TUESDAY.

BEAUTIFUL o‘oLoRED covzas

   
 
  

Buffalo Bill wins this Way into the heart of every
one who reads these strong stories of stirring adventure
, on the wide prairies of the West.

r Boys, if you ‘want tales of the West that are
 5 drawn true to life, do not pass these by.
PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

feﬂlll by all newsdsalsrs, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

p 

 
 
    
  
    

M378-Buﬂalo Bill’s Daring Plunge; or, The Grisly Ghost
of Mahoe. ‘
379--Buﬂalo Bill’s Desperate Mission; or, The Round-
 " up in Hidden Valley. .
Q80-—ButYalo Bill's Ghost Raid; or, Hot Times at Bubble
Pricking. ~ '
¥33!— -Buﬁalo Bill’s Traitor Guide; or, The Vengeance
 1 of Alkali Pete.
”3ﬁ8-Buﬂ‘alo Bill’s Camp-ﬁres; or, The Bad Man of
Snake River Crossing.

T383--Buﬁalo Bill Up a Stump; or, The Pawnee Faker of
» - the Bitter Root.
Jzﬂgw-—-Bu

i&1l<1)}l‘3ill's Secret Foe; or, The Wizardiof Windy
 . u c . 4
_9p85-v-Buﬂ’alo Bill’s Master-stroke; or, The Specter of
’ Death Valley. ? L
%—7BUﬁ3lO Bill and the Masked Mystery; or, Teton
 V John, the I-Ialf~breed. ‘
.93}-—-Buffalo Bill and the Brazos Terror; or. The Lone

, Star Outlaws. —
1}-—Bu6alo Bill’s Dance of Death: or, The Night

 Hawks of Snake River. A ,

Buffalo Bill and the Creeping Terror; or, The
_ 1 Black Spider of the Shoshones.

{Buffalo Bill and the Brand of Cain; 01'. The Wan-.
y  Jew of the Plains.
--Buﬂalo ' ill and the Mad Millionaire; or, The

Redskit¥‘Rovers. I
ifalo B l’: Medicine-lodge: or. The White
M T of the Kickapoos. ‘

sic Bill. in Peril; or. The’ Red Amazons of
M the Niobrarah.

 
   
    
   
       
  
   

  
 
  
  

r

  
  

  
  

m.i=°°I*tain°d¥*°m*hi#?'%5

 

  

HERE ARE THE;

6  any hack nuxnhers of our libraries and cannot proéure them from your 
ce direct. Postage staitips taken the same as 

79 seventh    New.

LATEST TITLES:

294—-Bnffalo Bill’s Strange Pard; or, Wolfer Joe on
the War—path.
295-—Buﬁ'alo Bill in the Death Desert; or, The Worship,
of the Phantom Flower.
296———Buffalo Bill in No Man's Land; or, The Sky-min 4
ror of the Panhandle. . aw‘
297—~Buﬁ’alo Bill’s Border Ruiiians; or, The Desperate ’
Game of Panther Pete. ‘_
298~ButTalo Bill’s Black Eagles; or, The Snake-master - 
from Timbuctoo. V ‘ Q
299-—Buﬁ‘alo Bill’s Desperate Dozen; or, The Raiders of ' ‘
Round-Robin Ranch. 7:
300-—Buffalo Bill’s Rival; or, The Scalp-hunter oi the l Hi
Niobrarah; .
3oI—Buti'alo Bill’s Ice Chase; or, The Trail of the Black S‘
Riﬂe. ‘it,
3o2—-—BuFfalo Bill and the Boy Bugler; or, The White .-'
Flower of Fetterman Prairie. 
303-—-Buﬂ'alo Bill and the White Specter; or, The Mysr 
.- terious Medicine-man of Spirit Lake. ‘
304-—Buﬁalo Bill's Death Deﬁance; or, The Bad Men of .
Timber Bar.
3o5——Butialo Bill and the Barge Bandits; or, The Demon
v of Wolf River Canon. .
3o6«~Buﬂ’alo Bill, the Desert Hotspur; or, Pizen Jane, of
Cinnabar. it
3o7~—-Buffalo Bill’s Wild Range Riders; or, The Vengye-”~
ance of Crazy Snake. /' ‘
308-—Buﬁalo Bill’s Whirlwind Chase; or, The Mustang
Catchers of Bitter Water.
309-—-—But’falo Bill's Red Retribution; or, The Raid of the
Dancing;-Dcrvishes. . ' i

       
 
     
    
    
        
   

     
      
    
    

  
 

  

   

*Issu.Eo EVERY THURSDAY.

 2 “ plains.

V  .V .1  ‘_‘.. . .V .. 7 .,. 

BEAUTIFUL COLORED COVERS

Diamond Dick and his son, Bertie, are true men of the Western
They are noble-hearted fellows who don’t impose on the weaker

 _.m’a'n and who don’t let anyone else.do it if they can help it.
 You ought to read how they clean up a mining camp of the dis-
 honestgamblers and other toughs who usually prey on the uneducated

 

 miners.

  
  
  
  
  
  
   
    
    
   
   
 
    
   
     
   
 
   
  
   
  
   
 

7 5I2——Diamond Dick in the Saddle; or, The Secret of the
 Steel Glove.
T513-——Diamond Dick's Greatest Peril; or, The Strange
 Hobo of Death Valley.

5I4~.—Diamond Dick's Outlaw Duel; or, The Bronco-
buster of the Pecos.
515--Diamond Dick’s Mystic Mark; or, The Handker-

chief Man’s Vendetta.
516-:-Diamond Dick’s Race Riot; or, A Hot Brush in
Mexico.
 5I7eDiamond ,Dick’s Ghostly Round—up; or, The Phan~
T-~ « tom Steer of K—Bar-6.
8~_—Diamond Dick’s Big Drive; or, Holding Them
’ Down in a Blizzard.
519-—Diamond Dick’s Trail of Vengeance; or, Tracked
to the Rio Grande.

§aq:.—.Diamond Dick Holds the Fort; or, Hot \Vork
7' ' Along the Big River. '
' I_,.-—Diamond Dick's Steel Glove; or, The Smiling Man
' I From Santa Fé.
iDiar._nond Dick’s No-name Mystery; or, The Smk
B ling Man’s Bad Mistake.
.Diamond Dick’s Midnight Stampede; or. The
Horse-thieves of the Cimarron. _ _
'. ond Dick’s Forlorn Hope; or. The'S1ege of
‘ Adobe Castle. ' .
.  Dick's Night Watch; or. The Pretty Gm
0 allin Rock. .
Diamond Dig,ck’s Three To One; Of, Backed 3)’
' _ Uﬂele Sam.

;  "311 River. _
 »Dick’s ‘Long. Leap; or, Single-handed
Against 3 Giant.

Diamond Pick’s Golden Question, The Secret Of)
eke‘ ‘

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER copv

For sale by all neyvsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

HERE ARE THE LATEsT TITI.Es:

529~—Diamond Dick’s Heiress or, A Dasﬁ
Through the Big Divide.
530--Diamond Dick at the Throttle; or, The Ghostly
Headlight of Hoodoo Pass.
531—Diamond Dick‘s Hobo Trail; or, The Man with
the Long Blue Scar.
532—Diam0nd Dick’s Black Sign; or, A Strange.Battle
with :1 Dead Man.
533-Diamond Dick's Queer Rebuke; or, Giving a Les-
son to,a “Bad Man."
534 ——Diamond Dick's Night Ride; or, The Worth of a
Thoroughbred Pard.
535 —Diamond Dick on an Indian Trail; or, The Venge-
ance of a Navaho.
536«Diamond Dick in Arizona; or, The Foolhardy
Sport of Grand Caﬁon.
537—Diamond Dick Over the Rio Grande; or, A Hunt
for a Girl Through Mexico.
538-——Diamond Dick's Shower of Gold; or, The Princess
of the Montezumas.
539—Diamond_ Dick‘ Below the Line; or, An American
Against Big Odds. _ . ’
540-Diamond Dick on Shipboard; or, Blocking a Slick
I Game. 7
54I~——Diamond Dick's Wide Loop; or, Roping Five at
One Throw. ' '\
542——Diamond Dick’s Royal Foe; or, The Strange Pas-
sage of the Santa C ruz. .
543-—Diam'ond Dick’s College Scrap; or, A Battle For
His Alma Mater. ~ '
544-Diamond D’ k in the Deep Snows; or, 'A Close
Call on e Yukon. ‘ ' ’
545 «Diamond Dick's Merciless Trail; or, The Two Ras.
* cals of White Horse. ..

Hunt;

579.11.  any back nurnbers of our libraries and cannot procure them fron1 your news» ,
.,th°3f.<?3ii be obtained from this oﬂiee direct. Postage stamps taken the same as money.
..  .,V_,xtz:J«- ~ = - , . , _

 i9 seventh Aveiwe NEW YORK 

5*‘
-‘IL

 

 

 

  emu LETTER 
  COMPETITION 
w , 3;

 $100 in Gold Awarded for the Best Letters 
§ from Readers of
W

x ROUGH RIDER WEEKLY

Every one of the 50,000 boys who read the excellent stories of Westem  i
adventure published in the Rough Rider Weekly, has some special reason
-‘for liking them. Now, we intend to make it worth the while of every boy to
tell us just what he thinks about the Rough Rider Weekly and hereby offer
valuable prizes to those who write us the best letters regarding the stories
themselves; how you may have worked to increase their circulation or what
you know about the fascinating life of the modern ranchman, so ably de-
scribed by our cowboy author, Mr. Ned Taylor. This competition is open
freely to all who may {desire to enter it, without charge or consideration of
any kind. It is not necessary for competitors to be subscribers for Rough
Rider in order to be eligible to compete.

Every contestant who does not win one ot the cash prizes
will receive a consolation prize.

is
 ,
i I
 4

W
W
t
3.”.
W

‘I’

   
    
   

_ The ;lirst competition opened October lst, l906,'and closes April lst,
0 I907, when a second contest will begin. The prize winners will be listed
' ° in April so that every one who reads the Rough Rider Weekly may know

t ’_ who has won. Here are. the prizes:

$20.00 in Gold for the Best Letter. V

$10.00 in Gold for Each of the Three Next Best Letters.
$5.00 in Gold for Each of the Six Next Best ‘Letters.
$2.00 in Gold for Each of the Ten Next Best Letters.

» The letters should nogbe longer than 250 words and should be plainly addressed to Man-
ager of Rough Rider Letter Competition, care of Street & Smith. Now, boys. jump right in
andlnakeisn effort to winacashprize. ’

  STREET & SMITH, Publishers. NEW YORK
 sssssseeeaesseeeaeeeesseee

 eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

   

W

    
 

  

THE FAVORITE LIST

or FIVE-CENT LIBRARIES

   

Nick Carter Weekly

We know, boys, that there is no need of introducing to
you Nicholas Carter, the greatest detective that ever
lived. Every number containing the adventures of Nick
Carter has a peculiar, but delightful power of fascination.

    
   
    

    

   
 

  

plum-:1; WEEKLY L BRAVE AND sou)

: . Ted Strong was appointed deputy niar- Every boy who prefers Vmjeu.
_ shal by accident, but he resolves to use his _ . _ '
j. authority and rid his ranch of some very In ms rwdlng matter: Ought to
" ' tough bullies. He does ll in such I Slick be a reader of Brave and 

way that everyone calls him “King of the . ‘ _
Wild West” and he certainly deserves his All these were wntten by authors  A . .8 gr."

title. siooin cash are given to the readers who are past masters in the art
°f “"5 P“b"““°“' , of telling bovs’ stories. Everv
‘ ll __ Buy a copy and learn how to come in for a ' _ _ '
  _ A Shaw OHL tale .s complete in itself. . h V
MIGHT AND MAIN ' ’ DIAMOND DICK WEEKLY

These are stories of the adven- The demand for stirring stories
tures of boys who succeeded in of Western adventure is admir-
climbing the ladder of fame by ably ﬁlled by this library. Every
honest eﬁort. No more inter- up-to—date boy ought to read just
esting tales can be imagined. how law and order are estah- A 4
Each number is at least one-third lished and maintained on our
longer than the ordinary five- Western plains by Diamond Dick.
cent library. Bertie, and Handsome Harry.

BUFFALO BILL STORIES BOWERY BOY LIBRARY

_ _ ‘ The adventures of a poor waif
Buﬁalo Bill is the hero of a whose only name is wgowery
, thousand exciting adventures Billy." Billy is the true product
among the Redskins. These are gf the Streegs ‘if Nfw "f°l:_k- _Nl° " ‘
--.- . o canrea tetaeso lSIrl2S-
gm?" to our boys only In the wiilhout imbibing some of thlat ’ 7%. .

’ BUf78l0 33“ ST0"l°5- The)? 3'3 resource and courage that makes ‘if  . ‘
 bound to interest and please you. the character ofthis homeless boy ' ’
‘ stand out so prominently.

   
    
    
   
 

 

   
 

 
 

   
   

  

    
   

 
 

    
     
 

   

   

 
    
    
    
        
     
  

    

The Tip Top Weekly

Frank Merriwell and his brother Dick are know! and loved by over one
hundred and fifty thousand of the best boys in the United States. They are
both clean-cut, vigorous fellows who dare to do right no matter what the
consequences. Get the current number. We are sure you will like it.

      
  

  

 

  

