   

:14?’-E,'»'5!u‘cri}‘!1'nn 32.55 fer mz,-. £m},d .2 5. ;md.(/.z :; Jlalter at the N. Y. Puxt Oﬁfre’. I‘:-' STREET & SWTH. 70-80 Se:-ml: .4:v., 4 . Y.

No. 537 NEW Yokﬁ ML 13, 1907. Price, Five Cents

 
 

As Nick seized the extended arm. instantly there came a change in his countenance. An expression
of pain swept across his face, and he found it impossible to cry out.

    

 
 

Iran! 7815- 3.7-ﬂr64'tv'I'1m'on S‘9.,fo per ygar. Bate»-edas Second-elm-s Matter at line M Y. Pas! Oﬁce. by S-nus:-r & SMITH. 70-<3; Sewulk Anna.
N. Y. Extend according to let of Cbngrzs: in the year 1007. in the Oﬂiu of the Lrirarian of Congress. Washington. D. C

No. 537.

NEW YORK, April i}, I90’).

Price F ive Cents.

   
 

 
 

Edited by CHICKERING CARTER.

  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 

C M
1 3 ‘
Q
7 CHAPTER I.
, ‘J A DANGER 1-‘R0.\i rm: UNKNOWN.
.‘ ‘
6 ‘ Vvtldayahln

 was Nick Carter who uttered the involuntary ex-
tion. and it was made as the result of glancing
upon. a car which his man Joseph had passed to
ituilcnce; ’a card whereon was engraven the legend:
rs. Gerald Thackeray Starbuck. The Willows."
 detective" raised his eyes inquﬁingly to Joseph.
Ihcvlatter. as solemn as an owl, responded to the
‘ tqucstion: .
have shown Vmadarnj into the library, sir."
All right, ]'oseph., I will bgxdown at once; no; in
kw minutes. Say that»  will be with her. presently." «A
V  detective  no move to carry out his state-
 Joseph had? left the room. Instead, he re-
, —where'he'gwas, staring across his study at a spot
hﬁiihhrali which his eyes had ‘selected between the
staring, in fact, at nothing:
‘t_his“narrative' we are permitted
" he sat theregmotionlessly think-

in;. for he uttered no word aloud. and there was not :1
change in the expression of his face to denote that his
mind was more than ordinarily occupied. *

But the name on the card which he had picked up from
the salver and which he still held between his fingers had
conjured up many things to his memory——things which
the pressure of his business and the exigencies of his life
had compelled him momentarily to forget. ‘

Nor will the name Idayah be unknown to us who have
followed Nick Carter through his adventures: particu-
larly thoseadventures 'which have had to do with the
names of Starbuck and ldayah.

But to return to Nick Carter's thoughts; for the de-
tective's thoughts are always interesting, particularly so
since it is his habit to_ compel himself to think con-
secutively.

Most people do their. thinking in a haphazard wa_\'-(lis-
jointedly: nothingiis more fatal than this habit to wise

A thinking. The mind should be schoolt-d__., thinking as

methodically as one would talk or write.‘ 
“Idayah is here, and alone,” was the beginning of that

BAYAH, THE TERRIBLE;  

on,

V Nick ‘Carters Struggle With the Vitic King.

/

 2, NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

train of thought. “At a time when I supposed that she
and her husband were still traveling abroad she appears
here suddenly, and without warning of any kind, at my
house, at half-past eight o’clock in the morning of"——he
glanced at the calendar: across the room—.—-"the tenth of
June. -

‘;‘Now that is rather a strange thing ‘for Idayah to do;
it is a stranger item of event that sheshould be in town
without my knowledge. It is very strange that Starbuck.
her -husband, has not informed me of their expected
arrival here; it is very strange that, being here in the
city, he has left me for a moment unnotiﬁed of the fact
and then permitted his wife to seek me out at this‘hour

‘of the day without him. ,

“True, he might be ill; but even in that case it seems
tome that he would have sent the information by a mes—
senger and have asked me to go to him. '

- "No; ‘-there is plainly trouble of some kind——the trouble
that I have expected ever since we brought Idayah out
of her country in Nepal which is called the Sacred Val-
léy-; ever'since we made our escape from that strange

place on the ﬂying-machine——t_he Great Dumb-bird of

the dead king Tonoyah.* -
“And what a galaxy of thought and memory her pres-
. pence conjures up! The very sight of the card compels
1 everything to pass in review before me as if it were done
__by a set of moving-pictures, so~called, thrown upon a
canvas by a biograph. I
- -.“.Ihe strange death of Baron Sternfeldt at the horse
I : _ show,’ which has never been fully explained, and doubtless
r . . never will be.--The first disappearance of Starbuck.——His
rescue from the wrecked hack in Jersey City.——The arrest
., of Idayah and her confinement in prison’./—-Her escape
‘ from prison.—-The taking of Starbuck out of his room
‘ on the sixteenth story. of the apartment-house where he
IiV€de?“HiS disappearance again, on the ﬂying-machine,
now the property of the United States government.——My_
pursuit of them to India; to,Nepal; to the Sacred Val-
 ithe*Hirnalayas, and all the unacountable things
L 7’ whichhappened there; the strange people_from whom
: she is sprung}--Their terrible, almost supernatural knowl-'
edge of the laws of. powers and forces that are still

e  ’ tflcity ; of vibration, the greatest force in the world.——The
' "  ancienttemples and houses of the Sacred Valley, which
 A -should have been called the ‘Silent’ Valley.-——Our ﬂight
 i fromthere together: Starbuck,rIdayah, Chick, the serv-

 Rondoyah, and myself; our flight across continents
g  upon the dumb-bird“ of  king.——Idayah’s

' E-ﬁesacntationiof the great ﬂying-rnachine to the govern-
 xiieut-‘oi the United States,  with all the secrets

    
   
  
 

  

"the-threenilmbeu

    
 

 unknown to our scientists, save in the rudiments: of elec-1

. and  ‘other nations? .

are not likely to discover for ages to oome-—unless some
traitor should be prevailed upon to reveal them.

“The marriage of Starbuck and Idayah.--The really
wonderful love they had, and, no doubt, still have for
each other.—Their‘departure for a tour of the cities of
the world. and the joy they felt in it.

“And last, but by no means least, the whispered words
of Idayah to me just on the moment of that departure-
words which troubled me for a time vaguely, but which
after a time I dismissed. I think I can repeat them, word
for word. Let me try.

" ‘I have never told you about the years of my life,
Nick Carter,’ she said to me. ‘Once I started to do so,
and you stopped me. Now, there is not time. But there’
are two things that I must say to you before we part this
day; two things which I wish you to remember and

. which I hope you will act upon if ever anything which

you do not understand should happen to my husband or
tq me. '

'\“ ‘Throughout all the days and months and years that
I have lived Ilhave considered that life could bold but
one thing that is worthy of achievement—happines:; for
happiness _is the focusing into one result of all healthy
desires. I ‘

“ ‘As I stand here, Nick Carter, I feel that I have
achieved happiness; and yet there is one cloud in the
horizon of my life——one cloud which will not disintegrate
and disappear. .

“ ‘It is the cloud of all that I have left behind me.
Those people back there in the Sacred Valley will find a
way some day to avenge themselves upon me and mine.
I known it. My father ruled there, in that country, before
me, and his fathers ruled there for thousands of years
before his time. 'I was their queen—their goddess. Be-
cause I loved, I deserted them.

“ ‘They will never forgive me for that. I know my
people-—or, rather, they who were my people. They will
wait, wait, wait, until the time is ripe to strike, and then
they will strike quickly, surely, silently, terribly.

“ ‘The blow will come out of the ether as a thunderbolt
from the sky. It may not fall upon me personally, for
that would be a sorry way and method for their revenge;
but it will fall just as surely as the Sacred Valley and

the people who live there continue to exist. It may not '

come this year or next year or the year after, that. It
may not come in ten years. They may decide to permit
me that much happiness in order that I may suﬁer the

snore when the blow shall fall.
“ ‘But it will come. I xiii] be stricken through those I ‘

love and who love me. ‘

“ ‘I will not be alone to suﬁer; others will be made  .

suffer with me, through me, and for me in order that my
ownvagony may be the greater because I will know that. I
have caused it. I j

“ ‘And I__s_ay to you, Nick Carter, be my  Be

yr:

 

 

     
  
  
    
 
  
  
    
  
  
   
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
 
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
 
 

it

damn: Starbuck"s friend in the future, as you have been
his friend in the past. Promise me, before I step aboard
vessel, that when the time comes that the blow shall
e fallen, or is threatening——promise me that then you
“ I lay your other duties aside to serve us.’

-A And I promised her willingly, gladly.

‘Has the blow she dreaded fallen, I wonder? Is that
g y she is here now, and alone? Is that why she has
- u-a across the seas without warning and without
 'fying me? '

/“And it is two years to a day since I stood sponsor for
’..’ at that wedding which made Idayah the wife of
 Stgrhuck. Two years ago to-day—this tenth day
. Jane}, A _
‘The detective left his chair, laid aside the half-smoked
yghich had gone out while he was thinking so
ly, threw off his—house-coat and donned another, and
a he descended the stairs to the library, where Idayah
' ed him. ’

‘She rose to receive him when he entered the room.
.,It was’ the same Idayah, as far asvappearances could
I only possibly she was even more beautiful now than

‘ f-hidden ﬁres, wondrously intelligent, superlatively
I There was the same white-blond hair; the same
 _, exquisite ﬁgure; the same grace of motion and
‘V -- of manner; the same wondrous smile, the haughty
M of her head, the beautiful teeth—the same perfectly
woman; for it wouldgseem that nothing had been

_ egg or neglected when Idayah w/as fashioned. and

 might never be another quite so perfect. ‘

 she said, and held out both her hands.
‘i“:ra'oyoh r’ he replied ;, and grasped them, holding them
5,» y in his own, and gzing steadfastly into her clear
_ in order to read there, if he could, the nature of the
5 that had brought her to him.
- - wonder at my being here alone-—unannounced ?”
fﬁcd, resuming her seat and smiling up at him, while
iohkja position/at the mantel with his crooked elbow
_, ” he replied frankly. _

'0! did not hasteifto me when I came,” she went
Still  5‘! wonder if_hI could guess why you

I! . .

q:j- helanghed back at 1....



 
 
      

’ e

  about the one cloud in the horizon of
El“,  - you were wondering, perhaps, if that
 "me until  shrouded the sun

  

.. ‘.

-.: Where  Starlmek?”

 
 

. thereafter the model had been destroyed in order,’

takittgtiinetorecallthepasttno? You
 that last conversation ‘between us. =

’ , ~. NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. _ 3

“Ah! He is here, then. I mean, he is in this country.
I feared——” he paused.

“You feared, because of my presence here alone that
something had happened to him?” she asked quickly.

“Yes.”

“Something has happened.”

He nodded. He had expected this statement, there-
fore it did not surprise him.

“Something has been happening constantly during the
last three months," she continued. “I do not know what
it is, save that I know its cause——my people.”

“The blow is threatening, then ?”

"It is more than threatening. It has begun to fall. It
falls gently at first, but none the less heavily; but it falls
surely'and evenly, with each moment becoming heavier
and‘ more deadly and destructive; just as those vibra.
tions in my own country used to start so gently, and if
not interrupted would ultimately destroy everything. You
remember ?)”

“Yes,” he replied. “I remember.”

“-You must help us, Nick,” she said, leaning forward
in her chair. “You must help me.”

“I will,” he responded. “You know that, Idayah."

CHAPTER II.
AN EMBODIED SATAN.

“Tell me all about it, Idayah.” he added. after a pause.
"You are a brave woman. You are not like other women.
You can look grave dangers in the face, unmoved. Tell
me.”

“My training has been different from that of other
women."

“Yes. I know.” 7

“Before I tell you just what has happened, Nick, it
will be better if I refer to other things.”

“To what, for instance?”

“To your visit to the Sacred Valley. To the incidents
that happened there, and to people who were there then
whom you did nof know, and of whom you have never
heard. If I do that, you will be betterable to under-
stand all that is to follow.”

“Yes,” he said.

,“How long were you there, Nick? ~ From the time
that you and Chick rode into the city of the Sacred Val-
ley until we flew out of it again on the dumb-bird, how
long a time was it ?”

“It was very short,” he replied. “Chick and I rode
down the mountain inythe afternoon and first part of the
night. We’ entered through the great archway of the

- gate, at midnight, or very soon after it. We rode to the

pﬂee on our horses, through brilliantly-lighted avenues)

. but in such utter silence that is suggested that everybody
L in the cityqyas dea ."

r I.’ V @0-

: f
. g ‘ ‘W V 4
,_ V.

 ~  ‘5‘:‘t¥ou know that you had been seen the mountains,
V and that it was thought youlhad perished in the great
.snow~storm,» don't you?” ~
“eYes.”l ‘
“Go on. How long was the time that elapsed between
' . your arrival and your departure ?” v y
7 } “Chick and It arrived there soon after midnight. It
r ];was, say. three o'clock in the afternoon of the following
i f day. when we came away.” ' '
‘"Y_c'a. You were not there twenty-fotg.:g:§rours.”
V‘fNo."'~¥‘*‘ He smiled upon‘ her. "Butlif I remember
correctly, Iwas fairly active while I was there.”
‘She nodded brightly. ~ i .
y ‘5'You‘had a tuning-fork with'yotr," she said musingly.
~ ltlzl~itVyou'sAtarted the‘ royal bellsto ringing. It called
plé up and out ofltl-ieirnhouses; I‘ met you at the
' to the palace. I conducted you to: room where
- w - together for anvhour or more.

 

 

 
   
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
       
    
 
   
 

you thellringdom ifvyou would take" it. Do
 ikyshesmiled whimsieally. '
.1r¢m mb*=ra”    V  i 

’  to ‘fly from the~Sacred Val-
L and -my people, and to cleave only
 VI gavciyou two (attendants to
'  .:;j’You= were provided

  

\ }acci.c_lc‘nt. you en-

  

 whom’
allffalthouighy you _ A
mom him’? ; _ I 
recallall that. Idayahetf  _ —
*9  doiaz 6°»?! Y°“.'W1l“¢j°t

 

Naw NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ' «   .

Then at dawn.~ '

rid    rode out .l

  
  
 
  
  
  
 

i “think it has ever occurred to me" to inquire about than ‘
'  "And yet they are the. ones. and‘the“only‘1“orues,.avbo

  
       

it

9
?

if any of us would ever have escaped alive from that val-
ley. Where is Rondoyah now, Idayah P"

“He is with us. One more word, and then I will get to
my story.”- -

“Well?”

“You came to us-—to Starbuck and me-—in the great

car of my father’s; in the great dumb-bird which had not i

been used since his death. It was the car that I had
chosen to take me out of the country when I was ready
to depart.”

“And we came away, Idayah. We ﬂew over lands and

seas; we arrived here in ‘due time. You gave the ﬂyingw»

car, with all its secrets, to the government. You satisﬁed
me that you had had nothing to do with the crimes of

which you were originally charged. You married Stat— *

buck, and you went away. Since that time I have not ,
seen ‘you-wand it‘ is two years to-day. Have you, per-
haps, remembered that fact?”

“Yes. Two years. They have held aloof a long i
time." ._  ,_f
“Who has held aloof?” l”
"My people."

“And now they are attackingryouil’ 
“The attack has begun." ‘
"Tell me about it.”

“It is toitell you about it that I am here; but, it it 5‘
few more words about my country; about the 

Valley." . .
“Well?” -
“You have so often heard

mentioned. andyet you have never once inquired whom.
and what they are.” .. ~ A ' '

"The subject hasynot interegted me. perhaos, I don't

A. arelcapable of seeking‘ revenge upollr me for my. deser; V"

L L f. them, and for  wewrought 

" lﬁilzhtl out

I

(1 zmaehines, and leave us 

3% . 2;‘

the ‘Nobles’ of my 

you  your revolver at the bell in the  
 ‘ithgpne vibration'going which wdul,€l7st'o;_>-

3

 
  

i

   
  
    
 

  

      

   
    
  
 
   
    
    
  
  
    
  
  
  
    
   
  
    
   
   
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
 

NEW

bxWell." _
?"¥‘It is of the Nobles that I would speak.”

 ‘an

f*You saw enough of the Sacred Valley to know that
' lived by different laws——-I refer to what you call the
- 1 laws-—than you do here.”
,"Yes.” -

 scientists discovered ages ago that there are two
“ t forces in nature——an'd two only. One of these is
w_ creative force; the other is the destructive. force.”
‘"1 remember,” he said. _

The ﬁrsfof these is vitic-—-you call it electric. _It is
source, the fountain, the secret of life; the other is
'o-—you call it vibration. It is the antithesis of the
-It is the destructive power of the universe.”
“You have told me‘ all this before, Idayah.”

But not as I am telling it to you now; and it is nec-
ry that you should understand it anew in order that

may comprehend all that I have to say to you.”

M‘ erywell.” _ ,

35‘You have known——vaguely——that there are men of
1  -who contiiiued to live indeﬁnitely? I do not
' that you believed it. I do not suppose that you
ever given the subject much thought. But it is,
- * less; true. You have in yourgown history a le-
_.of.‘the. fountain of eternal youth.’ have you not?"
f,e‘»4 ' , 4 H _‘ 1 7
me, tell you, then, that it is a legend that is based
,  truth; a‘ truth which hasbeen known
 among ‘rnypeoplei through more ages of
wai-ld'than your modern history knows about. It is
me ‘fountain’ of eternal‘ youth. It is the secret of
_ I. life;’in other words, the secret of life itself,‘
tﬁaissepcrct is based upon our acquaintance with the
ﬁres.” ; ‘ . ‘ ’

 é   in’o'1"rler that you may understand when
to inen-or; more particularly-.. to a man——who

 it. My father knew'itra;ucl_,p:actised it.‘

 of c0§1i1*Ie‘}‘~’i‘,.I.Iisli the 

. " aim ,;¢“;n enlightened age?--in Vthis.

( ‘  of Methuselah seems? absurd.”
, ‘ v or vrithlat least one of

 

   

since time as we count it. was young. .He has I
will say, because he. knfw the pviticrprincipleﬁ

 at  in kniekerbbckers

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

5

that in your country thatiprinciple is understood and
practised-:”
“By a very few who do understand it, and who pre-
serve the secret.” ' .
‘‘And—shal1 I remind you that once you hinted to me

'that you yourself ‘understood and practised it also?”

\

gang. is; my  all, knew it and “prac- .

“You may. remind me of it. Some day, possibly, I
may tell you about myself; but not now.”

“No? Well, about this one man to whbm you have re-
ferred, then F”

“He was contemporaneous with my father, the king.
He is living now. He is the chief among the Nobles.
The power of the Nobles is as great as the powers of the
king, if king there were-——and I doubt not that since my
ﬂight, this man to whom I refer has assumed the reins
of government, had himself proclaimed the king. and so;
has changed the dynasty of our ancient country.” ' ‘

“Well? Then why should he seek you, Idayah ?”

“The powers of Jove, as related to you in mythology,
areas nothing to the powers exerted by that man,” she
continued, without appearing to have heard his question.
“My country is not, and never was, a cruel country.
The people in it are kindly; they are innocent; they are
tender, But always this one man among them has been
the disturbing element; the one bad man, to use a phrase
of your own, in that valley of gladness. He was a thorn
in my father’s side always; the one man who could defy
the power of the king; the one man more feared by the
people than the king himself.”

_ “It is not a pleasant picture that you draw of him,
Idayah.”

"I will tell you about him in a moment, for it is he 4

who attacks me now. I at least know that much. He
is the devil incarnate; just as my father was the incarna-
tiorrof all that is good, and noble, and just.” I
“And his name? The name of this embodied Satan?”
“Zanabayah; surnamed The Terrible.” _
“Zanabayah. ’ I will not forget it. Zanabayah, the
Terrible.  is rather a fearsome name.”
“And he is a fearsome, terrible man, Nick Carter.”

 

-CHAPTER, III.
_ zsuanmmn, me TERRIBLE.
‘ “We are still a long way from the real purpose of your

, visit to me,”‘rug‘gested Nick gently.

f‘No;”it~is; foremost in my thoughts. But I must ap-
proach the-subjcct according to my own judgement, in
order that you may understand me.”

 K _
‘ “Zanahayah, the Terrible, is a human gargoyle--an

, inﬁnite horror-—-a living sin--»an' embodied Saian—-a ‘
 ;humanghoul——an awful ‘being. Long ago when he was
5 I y®lfg,,"i_f  ahearter a conscience, it  destroyed,

A

  

or was taken from him, leaving him only a monstrosity is your support, and destroy it for the sake of warmth. 

. a of creation, a living terror to all human creatures in the
world. V
“And he was the chief of the nobles’-—-”_ ~
Nick interrupted her. ‘
“I think I quite understand all that you would say in
that line,” he said. “We will take the rest for granted.
In appearance, what is he ?”, ‘
Idayah shudctred perceptibly; and when Nick raised
 his brows in surprise, she smiled. ‘
“You wonder ;hat I shudder,” she said. “I fear that
 monstrosity of creation. I fear him. I have always
fearedvhim. I think my father {ea d him, for he seemed
, to have gone deeper into the sciences than any others of
' M country ever did.” i” ‘
 appearance what is he ?”.r_epeated the detective.
n appearance——he may he almost what he wills him-
, to be.". if 5 .
w . i . come now, Idayah, that is going a little too far,
?n,'si'ith,me,,and with this, subject. I am willing to
heiieiveeyour statenient that the vitic force which is the
 life is hnownto you and to your people in that
‘f  land, and that because -of that knowledge they
.   individuals: among them are capable of
‘  their lives indeﬁnitely; but that one among
ilteme-'-thi3iZanabayah—-can have called down upon him-
themythicai powers of ‘Jove’, and thus be permitted
 his shape, I frankly do not believe.”
’I'*"d0 not say that he changes his shape, although I
 that  even that; but I do say that he.
éhangesshis appearance so that if you know him to-day
 not  him to-marrow; so that, if you en-
 himvienow. yhu may not recognize hint when you

 
    
  
    
   
  
   
    
 
  
   
  
  
   
   
    
   
   
  
   
  
   
 

 ;3ut whether» his power to change himself is
of supe tural‘pov{er. or if it is the conse-
 It» I am say.”-

 better. I‘ myself'haye, some accomplish-
so it hasbécn said. 'We’ call it here the

mint   But the and the tal-
_   than that. If it-in an art

~ cl: in my question, 

  
 

6 U - ‘ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 see him, ‘even though only a‘i’ew moments have ,

_ danger?"

« My husband is-in danger. I ."am—in danger. My child is 

V‘  ¢»c.hi1dl",. — V  ,  _.
' ;- did notknow." I have a son one year 

have named him .Tonoyah,..yny father. the 

 

when in the air around you is that indestructible electric l
impulse which would give you warmth and life without h
losing anything of its bulk!”
“Never mind all that just now. Go on.” *
“He is tall, and dark, and sinister, and handsome. He .
is as graceful as a panther, and ‘as sly. He is as sleek :
as a tiger, and as relentless. He is as soft as a dove, and '
as unreliable. He is as gentle as a doc, and as evasive."
‘"I)2at is as he last appeared to you P” _
“That is as he is. But he may appear before you in 
the form of a decrepit old man, dying of age, and at the R
same time the strength of giants will repose in his mus- 
cles, the quickness of motion of a cat in his nerves. Or "M
he may appear as a beautiful woman, with dark and :
luminous eyes, with the manner of a siren, and the heart a
of a ﬁend. Or he may—+—~” _ \
“In short, there is no end to the disguises that he can
assume at will. Is that what you mean?” __ .
“Yes; if you insist upon applying that word. But in 
his case it is something more perfect than mere disguise. 
Itiis the assumption of character. ”‘ It is an utter change. 
There is apparently nothing that will rub off or that can 
he removed to reveal the true identity that is behind it all. 
It is as if the life that is in him stepped out temporarily
from the body it has inhabited and assumed another for §
its uses. It is, in short, as you suggested a lttle bit ago; ‘
the assumption of the powers of TJove,.who could change‘ “
himself into a lion, or a mouse, a toad or" 3.S€l‘p8Ilt';!& ?
giant or a pigrny, a worm or an etephant, at will.” i 4
“Only Jove had the talent of changing others, as well. 1

I suppose Zanabayah could not do,that.’f V 
“No; I have never heardthat. he could do that." 
“Then we will take courage, for at least there is one C

limitation to his p0wers.”.-» ‘ ' " V , g A A
“It would seem to megwhoiiknovi him, that there is no 

Iii-nitation to the power ofzanabayah, the Terrible.” 5%
"And now, to get down to modern history. You are in 
“Yes——ansl‘no.”i V V l .
“Your hqsbandis in danger?” , — 
“We are all in.-iianger-—danger that is _imminent -iantlﬁ

which yet may~noti.fall upon is for a lon time to come.»-. 1

   
 
 

    
     

“By Jove. that‘s ﬁne!‘ (And  never sent me 
I should be angry with  for that neglcct.”~' b
“He is a beautiful child, Nick. My héppinesr 
fulﬁlled when he came. lVIy—beautif_u1_hoyl It ” "
a ready. tear-."' . ‘  l ~: . ”

 

 
 
 
 

   
     

  

  
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
     
  
   
  
   
   
     
  
  
   
   
   
  
    
  
 
  
  
    
 
   
  
 
 
   
  

?But as I was saying-—-we are in constant danger; so\

3” .

“You, and your assistant. All who have visited, or who
- about the Sacred Valley. All who have the mis-
- e to know me, or to be known, and thought well
by me. It is through me that the danger lies. It is
gh me that all will be made to suﬁer—and through
we that the exquisite suffering that is to be meted out
me will fall.” '

 do you know that this danger exists?”

I:  always existed since I lied from the Sacred

‘But how do you know that it is present now?”
'I have seen Zanabayah!” '
ou have-—:een him!"

“Yes.” ‘

_ .811?” ‘ _

‘In London, a few weeks after the birthof my son-
in. Paris, six months ago. Again, in London; just
we sailed for home. Again, on board the ship
~ ;‘brought us‘ over. Again, when we came ashore.
“In very mopping.” .
this morning ?” ‘P _ _ -

ha‘ the street; through the window of my room.”
And how he appear? In the form that you have

A._,.\

I'd'

‘ :1

es. ‘* « .
ofthese thug?” ~

 three of tliem——yes.”

rwen:  sure‘  the other occasion, that the
  :«u'.'sa*~e,v2as‘zanabay=h?"

 of it.”

 I’  ' By nods. By threats. By
 ways.” V ~
».  he ‘done other than to appear toyou?”
~"Thati8'---.-”‘ g 4‘

ha;_venotséenhim:"'-. ,

my me am ui_aliz‘lii.e.‘,‘,v:ui,iae"air at other

j fin: skevinz wave ‘The 9053*‘ “=3,
pm-ned his it ;wou1d'hav_e

A .

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

.  §1feJpdtiﬁV¢;that,there has been no nnstake5’’. ,.

  .‘ ":lY%"~‘>> 7'1‘ V .

7.

“A strange sort of message to send to you; an invalu-
able emerald." ,

“Bah! It’s value.to him is nothing. He merely re-
membered that it would assure me of his nearness.”

“And, again———”

“Notes, written in the language of my country, handed
to me by servants, where we have been staying—by a
thousand and one signs that he knows so well how to
make; that he knew so well would ﬁll me with dread."

“And what did those notes impart to you? What was
written upon them?”

“Such expressions as, ‘I a-m near you’ ; ‘I am watching
over you’; ‘Zanabayah, your guardian, is at hand’; and
others of no more importance. They were all warnings
only--subtle warnings, _mysterious harbingers of my
impending suﬁering.”

“You say you saw him on board the ship which brought
you over. How was that? Was he a passenger?”

“Not a listed passenger.”

“Where did you see him, then?"

“On the_deck. I was seated there, reading. I turned
about, feeling the eyes of some person upon me. The
eyes were his own baleful ones.”'

“What happened then? What did you do ?”

“Nothing.” ,‘ '

“Did you not attempt to speak to him P”

“No.”

“Have you never, at any of the times you have seen
him, made the attempt to speak to him?”

“No.”

“Did you see him more than once aboard the ship?"

“Twice.” _

“Did you make inquiries among the passengers, and
of the chief-steward, to know if he was a passenger?”

“I‘ searched the lists. I searched among theppassengers.
He was not among them--that is, not’ there in his own
proper person." . ‘

“But you think, do you not, that he was there, for all
that, as onepof the regular passengers, only that he was
traveling in disguise? In a disguise which he laid “aside
for a moment or two at a time in order to appear to
you ?”  I . l '

"Yes.” i  K’ ’ ‘ .

“And this morning you saw" him again through your

‘ window; what was he doing then?”

“He was looking up at me, with that evil smile on his
7 handsome face. Nothing more.”

-:—-—n-—

- V cHA1>'rE‘R IV.
uittrlxc rm: mam; FACE -ro I-‘ACE.

“Have you .,told,yot_tr husband about these things?”
..aaked.the.d6tot=ti;V.e.;_|ireseutly. ‘_ .~

V ‘>1.
.‘_,« ,..

   
  

 I

 

f_‘Not until Zauabayah appeared to me aboard the ship.
I_t"wa_s'_G_erald who made the inquiries among the pas-
sengers for me." *
“And what does Starbuck say about all this?” _
“What would he say? You know him. He fears
nothing. A He laughs at my fears. He is only anxious
. for the child, but even that anxiety is tempered by his un-
belief.” 2 ~
'“Hi_s unbelief? How is that? What do you mean?”
‘ ‘‘‘H'e‘‘thinks that I have imagined it all.”
“And is not that possible, Idayah ?"’
  i"‘.You who know me so well, Nick Carter, should not
". , ‘ﬁnd it necessary to ask that question.”
 i I‘ :“I ailmit it. You are not one who is given to useless
@*?5’' N
‘ at at all."
Where is Starbuck now P”
 our rooms in the hotel.” V /—
~"5W.hat hotel 5"’, .
,~"Tl'Ie Mammip ." _ I .
Aw‘{i_Nhy was word not=sent.to me ahnouncing your ar-
  rim" i is ‘I  .
7 ~‘,‘Ii volunteered to bring the message myself. Besides,
wisbedfto see you first, here in your own house, that I
mitht «tell you all about my fears; all about the things
I have told you. Do you realize what I wish to do,
.“X¢}o;; I don’t think I do-—quite.”
.  to  Zanabayah half-way.”
oiittpackg hiiili without waitinglforhiin to attack

 

   
  
    
    
  
  
   
 
   
    
   
 
   
     
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  

“To your“own' powers against his ?"
“yeast. .-.; .

 ﬁre before he is prepared to deliver it. If we
. an wmwsibls thine 8'.°h>'.*:--f’ .
I  be a tangible go by in this
 ‘bayah. ,1: win ‘always ‘be ‘intangible.

  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

tibial; it is at allliahadiidea. gtlwill, at least, .

. . unless you. liythat great‘-
out into the “open, Jwhere

>—l

/ “Or your husband. Have you thought of that?"

“Yes.”

“And what do you suppose he will attempt to do? Is it
it your idea that he will steal your son and carry him
back to the Sacrecl.ValIey ?”

“Not at all. He will do nothing so simple as that."

“Well, it may appear simple to you, but it does not to E
me. A I remember that once I had to journey there over-
land, and I remember what it cost me in time, and pa-
tience, and effort. I should not like to have to do it
again.” a

“You forget one thing.”

“What is that?”

  

I

“That in Washington is the great dumb-bird, which
we could borrow again, if we wished. Zanabayah knows.
of that—only he does not know where it is. I think he
has sought it, but has been unable to’get a trace of it. I
think that possibly he is waiting in his efforts against
me more to discover the secret of the hiding-place of the
ﬂying-machine, than for any other purpose”,

,"To take it back with him?”

= “Yes.” a
 “And you think that because he knows that you have s
that hidden away somewhere, and could pursue him, that 7
he will not attempt to steal your child and carry him to 1
the Sacred Valley? Is that the reason, do you think?"

“Yes. But there is» another.” 1

“Well?” = . 

“If”! should go back there, I could make it dangerous» 1
for him. I have followers there still, notwithstanding
what has happened. My people loved" my father. They 
loved me. And, besides-———” ’ la: 

“Well, what beside?" V - _ 

“N 0 simple form of revenge as that would  
, a fiend like Zanabayah.  kill my husband or my child, 

or even me, would mean nothing. He wishes to make
.,suF£er continued agony.“ ' 
\“Well? Wouldn't such a thing—-—” ,.

“No; not as the «views the subject. If he could visit
some great-calamity upon me. which would remain with‘
me day by day, and from which I could not escape-4 ,
then he woul<___i__strilte."  . 

, ‘lsuch as——w_hat?” ,  g

“Alas, I do not know. If I did know, I would“ prepare‘ I
for. it. But" it is the -uncertainty. ,And he knows that I7
feel ’ ven“ thatjs a part and parcel with his plaru.”;};
. waiting around near you: this constant sending?
of warnings. This continu .;-glgowledge that you have j‘
of his presence, and that at a‘ ‘finoment he may ‘ttrikei”'.;~

u-Yes.» * v V  V
‘ “.I~think--he will attempt abduction, Idayah.” . I
“No. It heihad.thaugl1tiOfthat. hewouid hair: 

 It in’ .be,romethin,g..that iginﬁnitely  

 

  
 

  

   
    
 

      
  
   
  
   
    
   
   
  
  
   
 
    
 
    
  

~a'.'

' But you must have some idea, Idayah. , Tell me what

have told you already that Zanabayah is more deeply
in the sciences of our land thanyeven my father

‘Out of the vitic, or electric, force, many strange

are made. For want of a better’ term you would

hem with drugs—-just as we class coal-tar prepara-

which are not drugs.”

e1I?”. v . _

uppoite that I should find suddenly that my bus-

4 ‘wasitnmed imbecile? Suppose that I should re-

‘T thehotel now to discover that my child is changed

-3‘ Suppose———-”

p at what is the useiin supposing all that?”

:15’ such a thing as one of those might be, that I fear

$9‘): I V

-might happen to you, yourself.”

0; for the loss of reason on.my' own part would

me: of suffering. He wishes the to suffer."

I ‘:8 to me‘ thatliygyrare unnecessarily borrowing’

u
- I

3-gnlknew-'-‘-as Iiimow--you would not say that.“
your hat and-come with me. The walk to the +
ill do me good. Come with me to see Gerald and

   
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
      

  , left   together and 
 p theavenfne. lrlalf an yhourlater they entered

i_hotel,i up in the elevator.

*2

, she  rtcd-itowafd him, and paused.
 hingiand for an instant the two
 upon  other without moving,‘ as
ring the of thepther.
‘ ‘i143-V%!!38;:*i¢9

  
  
  
  
   

, ’ _ ” he said.i__n a. voice that was low
 lu;h,»ne9zertheless, hada ton ] ‘tony
 leyiust been P3Yi_ﬁ8}31Y. , to

I e f  to saythat Iﬁndiﬁm 23°?

”  an igleaminrteeth in a

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

’ "Mr. Carter,” said the .
_ a're'standing together in ’  .
. We are alone. You are barring my way to theievator. "
WC M W‘, 

 tnself ‘directlyto the -

‘out of‘your_surmises.. I an:

' I

9

plied Nick coldly, at a loss what to do under the circum-
stances of the meeting.

“Had you ventured to come to me at the time I sent
for you, when last we were in the same country, at the
same time, you would, if you were still living, have had
cause to remember me.”

“Possibly,” replied the detective. \

Idayah still stood silently beside Nick, facing the stran-
ger, if stranger he might be called; but now she spoke;
and there was no fear in her eyes, for Idayah never man-
ifested fear in any form. Her training‘ had been adverse
to that. '

“Wait here,” she said, addressing the words to the de-
tective. “Do not let him go-—yet.”

She glided pastvthem then, and passed through the
door into the room beyond, and another icy smile passed
across the countenance of the saturnine man who faced
Nick in the corridor.

“You would not venture to try to ‘detain me if I chose
to depart P” I he asked, and .there was ironical imperti—
nence in the way he said it.

“I might,” replied Nick coolly. “At least, I have some-
thing to say to you.”

The man bowed smilingly. .

“You are Zanabayah, I suppose?” asked the detective.

“Surnamed The Terrible. You have guessed it, Mr.
Carter.” I

-“Idayah has informed me that you have been annoy-
ing her."

“I anrunconscious of it, sir.” .

“You have entered her rooms in her absence. You
have left notes lying about, to her discomfort." You
have sent notes to her by servants, thus casting reflec-
tiorp upon her. You have done other things which come
under the head of annoyance.” ' 

“Well—-and if I have ?”

“You will discontinue them; that is all.” _

The man smiled again. ‘There was something ihateful.
and terrible. also, in his smile. It‘ suggested
ousnesa of. a wild beasts It 

    
 

v

   
  
   

A ml y, but incisively, “we
‘ ublic corridor of a hotel.

Before I eornmandyou to  for
have soiiiething tony to you.” ' .
Nick shrugged his shoulders.
“Well?” he said. “What isit?" . ,
“You will,.,clo well to attend to matters which concern

you alone.’-personally. andito leave, me and my conduct  

  

   

-  ,  , p  .  -w
‘T  wouidvha  w:9t.int.=mI9§=d‘hris.i99¢.. “

 I‘,

  

k .I‘o.”

A ~  the interior of the room. It was in Idayah’s
voi‘ce,__kand a_crueI smile again crossed the face of the
 who confronted Nickgdand as the detective started
for.i\_'ar'_d_,iri response to the call for help from Idayah,
h‘e‘s‘ought -to pass the detective. .,
“I will go,” he said. 1 '
V “You_‘ will do nothing of the sort. You ‘will come with
* mef replied. the detective coolly.

 

\
.--¢——-—

  
   
  
    
   
  
     
  
   
  
  

_ QZHAPTER V.
Nick CARTER RECEIVES A snocx. -

 from the interior of the room; whs not re-
peated‘.  Instead, the two men standing outside in the
}till, facing each other, could hear voices in conversa-
' 1he5{2ndsthe« doorﬁand Nick, having no doubt that all
p ‘ ,pfi-i-therpe had, indeed; been any at all, was passed,
 hasten his steps. -‘ »  l s i
 f  attack the man.-who stood
L maining as he was,.he opposed his pas-.

ohsa-vli . er would have‘.said _thati"they‘ were eyeing

-this was so.‘ Ifiit-was, Nick:isa«w‘*n‘othing in
of, the in frontof him to-‘indicate
 match’ at»? ll for hiso ti" great
 iae.s‘sib1.v.l  Zena. rah guess atthe re’-

   
   

  

L; ‘J

   
  
  

«  the tgaannjtigvtiaiict  théfdoor

V Twill dose atiyour own peril. I warn you.» Take my ad .

“  ‘V _l   '- .
..was resolved to_?pre'rent  and notwithstandingthe
Aplainpwatnhig he had  reached out again-;aiI,d

v 37 ‘°”‘?°i . ., .

 w .  ‘5 s   
i  ljlitlstuitly a‘ change in Nick Carter’:
3 nance. tAn..re:tpres_§iou.;of painiswept zeroes it--of ‘

NEW ’NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

Nor could he move it when he applied his StI'CI’lgtl‘- to
the effort. .

The arm remained exactly as Zanabayah had thrust
it hut to -meet his own attack, and what was even stran-
ger still, the man seemed to hold it there \vith no effort
at all. ~ ,
Again Nick tugged at it; again it resisted his efforts;
and he dropped it and stepped back a pace, wondering
"what manner of man this could be, so slight in appear-

; ance, so youthful--—£or he did not seem to be past thirty——‘

and yet with such wonderful strength that, with no elf-‘
fort whatever, he could withstand all the effort that Nick
Carter" could bring to bear against him in that grasp he
had put upon his arm. n
. As Nick stepped back, Zanabayah permitted his arm to
fall to his side; listlessly, almost; indifierently, certainly;

A A smile of derision curled the corners of his mouth; '
He bowed slightly, but he said no word; ‘and then he . 2
stepped forward, past Nick, and walked slowly toward‘
the elevator. ‘ 

But N' k Carter had recovered himself by this time:  
He turned and sprang after Zanabayah, and iwould. 9:
have seized upon him again‘ had not the other turned?’ “

. __  . , E y ‘i L ‘ quickly and faced him. .
zneasunng each other’s strength and prowess. .

“Stopl" he commanded, in that low, even voice of phis,i_:'W'.i
which somehow sent a chill across the nerves of xvhoso-N”,

     

ever heard him use it. «t

And Nick stopped. He could not have told why he_;
did,so had he been asked, save that there ‘seemed no tea-e‘
sonto proceed with the attack he had intended since the;
z'i1an‘was¥standing:in front of him, within easy reachf,
""'If you’ touch me now.” said Zanabayah coldly, “yon

     
    
  
    
 
 

    
   

vice: and"?follow'?thei.‘!goddes§‘into that room. She ha ‘

need of you there, for she is;in dangerﬁ’ » .
He seemed about to turn away a second time, but Iliiek

  
  
  
    

=  extended atmof  

 
  
 
 
 

.4 v 7,

  
    

‘  It seemed as if would  _

.ag;-.o_ .

      

  
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
    
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
   

heizstepped backward a pace, and stopped, smiling
Tmiore. _ ,.
And Nick Carter remained where he had left him and
4‘ the attitude he had assumed when he seized upon the
ofthat embodied ﬁend.
estood exactly as Zanabayah left him, his right arm
‘ende'd,lone foot a triﬂe forward of the other-—and that
doubtless what balanded him so. per-fectly—his head
wt: 3 little backward, for he had been about to say
L‘ _' g when the ppralyzing shock came upon him.
i  eyes saw anything there was no expression in
n to tell of it, save that one of pain that had appeared“
at the instant of contact. A
in the white teeth‘ of the stranger gleamed between
pn"°’again he turned toward the elevator, and this
 did -not pause; but ringing for it, he stepped upon
_ teame, and disappeared down the shaft with it.
’ —Nick Carter still ‘stood where he had left him.
g.;artn was still ‘extended, but his ﬁngers grasped
.-  empty ain: ‘, .
wlaexactly as if he had beenvchnanged to stone; and
 .themselves..away into the past, with-
_Winhim_.i‘ ‘ '~  r ' .
 trangethat nobody happened along that corri-
 that tirne; but nobody did tome.
'' ’ his ﬁg-and at last a
the “extended arm sagged
" g‘ V  side like its com-

  

is1eerne_;l,toreturn to-his veins
' the color came again into his face,

U thengisudclenly he pulled
. rridor weakly, and for a

r t   {la-I.’ * . J‘l’'- :
ems P“8¢d:b°*°f=.~h¢»€s!§-
t‘ he‘?-looked aroundijtim

.Zanab8y¢h.-:33,  there 

_ . *..'*';¢'°.§f.-'. ‘

.  «*5, ‘mi. €‘°‘?‘.’3° ‘ﬁsh?’-37 he
is .-my fexpedénts irwich-,.l

 " msghuboptas v‘ve_1lrh=v¢‘..,,to*1:="}g9*‘d;
3; ; ..picl<ed.jup as a- H ‘

   

    

  

l  an hinti-
~ ‘;t'vhieh”

_ 153»

It

    

NEW ‘NICK CARTER WEEKLY

. Nick Carter’s ﬁngers had sustained upon his arm. .

all; 35-“ he "had Wt  key-hole: but only {to discover that

 ingthe tumblers of thel 

rim.

 

II

toward the door of Idayah’s room, remembering that
he had been called, and was wanted inside.

He wondered, too, as he approached it, why she had
not returned to see what had become of him. He remem-
bered that she had told him to wait, and had asked him
not to permit the man to leave.

He smiled grimly as he placed his hand upon the door,
and then withdrew it to rap upon the panel.

He waited, but there was no_response, and he rapped
again. .

Still there was no response and he repeated the sum-
mons a third time. »

He was thoroughly puzzled when he received no an-
swer to the third rap, and disdaining further ceremony.
he turned the knob of the door, and sought to enter t!~:
room. ‘ -

But the door resisted. It was locked. _

Once more be rapped. this time loudly; yet not so
loudly as to alarm others who might hear him, for he did
not wish to call unnecessary attention to that room.

But even now there came no reply, and he tried the
door again. ’

It resisted as it had done before. Plainly, it was locked
on the inside, and as plainly, it was evident either that
there was no one inside the room to hear, or if there was,
that there was no one inside to choose to respond to his
summons. v

And yet. he told himself, he had seen Idayah enter that

‘room only 3 few moments ago. Since she entered it, no
one had come out of it; but more than that, since she
entered it she had‘ cried out to him for help, and also he
had plainly heard voices proceeding from there.

There was no longer any sign of hesitation about his

actions. . ‘

He rattled upon the door-knob; nobody replied.
. He stooped down and attempted to look through the
.the key was in the

— lock andhadgbeen turned from the inside.

‘ his. that he carried in his pocket

, _ _ _ V ‘ ,V§'It§a ‘b’ur'g'lar’si'forceps, with wh‘_h to-cunu key from
_ H 8.5., ;.the'--wro;n‘g..side- of a“’door; he d , w itrgout. and applied
me‘ enemy, wittunsslk qimneh 3314!: ‘iv t’.0‘=%the7ke>'-post.

turning, it, instintly. and plainly hear-
p  fell back. 1 L _

A Stilljhowever, the  ;I " , Jhis ‘efforts to open it.
« It had been bolted. as wel ' docltecl, on-the inside-—-and
_ ~‘that"deathlike silence continued beyond it.
 ; The..detecti_ye was now _g plainly alanned.

   
  

  
 
  
  
  
  

_every< eﬁort he could make against it.

 into one_of_the. hedg-

 

‘ tudied the door for a moment, wondering if   it
‘ ‘hmra.a«'m; but it.vm'o_f oak, heavy, and would b,

that he knew. Thiswair ’
' it}: which  was He had _,
hefere,  tthedoor ‘toward his:

a

   
 

I

. I-3.

“That one may not be bolted on the inside,” he thought
aloud; and he hastened to it.

It was locked as the other had been, only when he had
turned the key, it opened easily, for it had not been also
bolted. ,

 He threw it open and entered; then he paused long
 T _. enough to close it behind him.

He listened, but he could hear no sound, and ‘fearful
‘ now that some dreadful tragedy hadvoccurred, he sprang
> 2 ; toward the connecting door between the rooms and threw
" > itopen. 
_ There, onfthe threshold, he paused, and stood staring.
. Then he rubbedihis eyes and looked again; and then
the called out softly: T
 » “Idayah! Starbuck! Idayahll”
For they were both there!‘ ,
—»:F»They seemed; indeed, to be looking toward him 'as if
 saw him standing at the threshold between the

ht?

  

    
   
   
   
  
    
  

  to be dead-and yet they did not

 sat there, facinigtoward him,  stared
. F  ed‘ andstareél until a creepyesensation‘ stole over

A  7 *L_ ‘ed  in .a small  so that its little.-feetcould
T he ﬂoor, the baby was seated, also staring at him
t  expresgiouiess  that was so dis.
, pp  Quickly etihern, who-A
4  . M if  - *

u

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 putting his arms around Idayah,-he raised

‘T    if you can."

movement to his touch, although it was so faint as to be
scarcely noticeable. A '.
“Tonoyah ?” he whispered, remembering that the
mother had told him she had named the boy for her ,4‘
father, the dead king. _
The little round eyes turned toward him. They looked
at him. Then, slowly, a smile "dawned upon the face of ;
the child. A shudder passed through the small body, -T
and it straightened itself in the detective’s grasp. 1'
Then the child yawned, as naturally and as unreserved- J
ly as only a baby can yawn; and it nestled down against
him and closed its tired eyes, which had been open and *
staring at him a moment before. j
He carried it into the adjoining room, where he had 
seen a crib; and he placed it there and drew a cover over ,
it,’ although the dayewas warm. T i
-For a moment he gazed down upon it, but the child a
seemed. to be sleeping gently, and he left it and returned . 
to the other room. X
This time he approached Starbuek; but Starbucle was.*.f{
as rigid as a cane. , . ‘V 
Unlike the others, he seemed to have been turned to "
stone, forvhis ﬂesh was cold and hard, and for a moment , 
the detective thought he was dead. 2%
iBut he could see that a flush was slowly creeping to-
ward Starbuck’s brow, and that he was coming outiofg
, the trance into which he had been thrown; and, 
him so, Nick turned; again toward Idayah. ”
Her checks were ﬂushed. also, now, and the lids of her
eyes were winking. T ' 
He remembered. that when he had raised the child from
its chairand soaltered its position, it had responded’in—;
stantly, and now, without hesitation, he bent down. and.='
her as eaail

 

‘o

  

t

 
 
  

    
 

    
  

  

as he had done the child.
 the effect was almost the same.
 nestled against his-shoulders: the child
_ She closed her e)’*~'-°v..itoo.e ’ .1, ' ’
‘ But Nickshookhervinsistently. ’
.“Wal<e‘up. Idayah,” he said sternly. "

     

it

haddone.

   

     

Pull 

x

    
    

   

he sighed grid T his  and he‘

, l

‘ . L ’\ t, . A ﬂu,-she‘leaned|back agairfst
with closédcyes ; butafter. at little she  ’
, and smiled; up;at him.‘ ' ~ ’ -

‘ ;Idaya_hi”'i§asked the detectives

  

    
      
  

*“”"“°.‘?V.'r‘  ,. t .
 _slowly- ins:-eply.  V,
' ’ -I'say»toi_yan?'.f 

  

    

   
   
  
   
 
  
    
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
   

men in those arms of his, and he succeeded in par-
g' inc as he musthave done with you. But, no, I
- you’ going about and talking——and, besides, he did
see you again after you passed him to enter this room.
as anybody here other than your husband and the
‘ ?”

No,” she whispered. Her voice was coming back to

Can you get upon your feet?” he asked of her.

again from the chair and stood her upon her feet,
1 her there iora moment until she established her

d now Idayahi spoke; slowly, to be sure, but care-
, as if shepwere weighing her words.

Nick,” she whispered, “I have heard you say that in
business here, you always carry handcuﬁs in your

Is that true?" ' ,

‘Ya;-’ he replied, wondering what in the world could
induced her to ask such a question as that.

— ave you sogie with you?” she asked again.

9_‘;Yes,’’ he said. A “ . t in the w'orld——--” \
¥~lwopairs,[1‘§.ick?‘  » r i A . . _

.. Have you taken leave of youfsenses, Ipdayah?
in the world -do you want with handcuffs?”

, l" shebreathed. “There is little time to lose.
‘them on Starbuck. ,Use “them on Ge:-ald—-if you
.  him, and all of us.”

at dear-Iday———” » .

« ~ _ , Nick! I  you. I win explain. If he

- -  was another reason for hasty action, too,
that instaitt a sullen growl came from the chair
Stsrbnek was seated, and the sound of it was so
33;: ﬁerce that Nick turned without another
toward  3' ' v H
the gigantic ﬁgure of Stafblltll-”--fol’ he was a
 moving

Q ' 5'“

\
about strangely, asit he

*;_;gd-,3;-Nick approached hin1,,the glare
 snarl upon his lips told only
i.;j;;;g,agi‘;;ot.',himse1£.,1 ~ 
’- H  that it was this condition
 to zcfy 611110? l29lPl when 31“ 9”‘
 had served the
  and that.:it.vvou1d be

H  hast; to do as Idayal:

     

 use of his muscles he will kill us all. r

”wa'5.5omething in her manner that compelled

yialenreifqrt to resurne thecommand of V

NEW NICK. CARTER VVEEKLY. 13

VVith as much deftness as ever he had put irons upon a
criminal, Nick snapped the handcuﬁs upon Starbuck,
wrist and ankle; and then, hooking a third pair through
those upon his wrists, he snapped them fast to the arm of
the chair, so that Starbuck could not rise if he tried to
do so.

And while he did it, Starbuck glared at him as if mur-
der was in his heart, as indeed Nick had no doubt now
it was. ~

' But what had happened——what could have happened to
madden the man in this way?

With the instant that Starbuck was made secure, all
the power seemed to return to his massive muscles.

He struggled and writhed in the conﬁnement of the
irons. He cursed and swore, as he had never done be-
fore during all the years since Nick had known him; and
Nick stood there in almost stupeﬁed amazement, listening
to him, and scarce believing the evidences of his own
senses.

But, after a moment, he felt a light touch upon his
arm, and, turning, he saw that Idayah was beside him;
he saw, also, that during the interval she had been into
the adjoining room to look after the welfare of the child.

“Can he break them?” she asked nerv0usly——and it
was the first time that Nick had ever known her to
tremble. "

‘(The irons? No; not if he were three times stronger
than he is.”

“Can he break loose from the chair?”

“I ‘do not think so. What is the meaning of all this,
Idayah? Has my old friend suddenly gone mad?”

“Yes. We will call it that-—for the present. He is
Zanabayah’s victim. That is all. Are you quite sure that
he cannot escape?" .1.

~“Yes.”

“Then follow me into the next room. Come, please.”

There was suﬂicient reason why she should make such
a request, for during the short conversation Starbuck had
kept up an incessant cursmg and snarling, as if he were
a wild beast which was possessed of the gift of speech.

Nick approached him before following Idayah into
the next room, and for a moment he remained looking
down upon the writhing man. V ’

“Stop, Starbuck !”vhe cornmaried, then. “I am your
friend. and you know it. I am ‘still "your friend, for ‘I

-believe that you are now possessed of some devil which‘
I understand nothing about. Butif you can, understand L

what I say to you, I promise yoq that I 'w£lI_,know abort
it, and that, with as little delay as possible: And, through
all that may happen, I will stand your friend, and your
wife's friend, and your son’: friend.” ' '

. ‘He was answered by curses; and yet he thought there
was a look not inﬁnite relief for one instant in the man’s
eyes,

_‘  Nickhturnedland followed,‘

  

I4

Idayah‘ into the adjoining room, where she closed and
locked the door.
‘fNow, what does it mean?” demanded the detective.
“You spoke truly but now when you saidthat Gerald is
. possessed of a devil," she replied. “Zanabayah was here
long enough to put the devil in him, and but for my read-
, iness when I entered, he would have killed or maimed his
 own. child, in his rage.” '
 “Idayah, what are you saying?" .
“It is only too true. He cannotehelp it. It is the re-
. . suit of the magic that Zanabayah so well knows how to
' . practise.” . A
 r V "Was he all right when you left him to go to my
C ‘  morning?" i '.
"Perfectly.” ‘ ~ i

 “there irrthe hall; when you passed us in order to enter
C thisroom, was Gerald all right then?"
s , ."No.  He was as you see him now, only that he was
 he had the use of his arms. Oh, it was hor-
’f“rz‘bie.. But! knew instantly what was the matter-3‘-.—”
  wish you would tell me, for I have no idea

  
   
   
   
   
  
 
 
   
     
   
   
  
  
    
 

- what was or is the matter?’ .
-.,g}“Zanabayah hascrazed him with the desire to kill and
 if willtell you all about it another time. There
 now, for weilmngst do something. Where can
  , g r -
 But  That paralysis, from whichtyou were all
 1 Ithought, when I’ﬁrstgen-
 that you were all dead; and then——-—--’‘ *
»“,‘1 did that,” she’ interrupted him. “It did its to save
ﬁt! myself. I did not intend to administer it
19 theehiid. but in the struggle----"
~:,“You did it? snow?“ . .
’:‘“With this.” She‘ raised ;a

V needle and showed it to
7'11: is 3  not a poison.--a drug of my
 ﬂitrpnralyaes ‘udtho‘n',t,i1tiuring., ‘I sought to use

 Gerald‘ inorder to save, jI‘onoyah?s life; but in
 had Tonoyalr in.’ his arms; you know-w
wonndod-by the needle.j_ J had only just time
  small chair with.my~ei1§ld iand~"to fall
  selﬁwhen it over ‘ ' . Hark!
I   oiyou think?”  j ~ ’ l

    
    

   

\

 
  
 
 

NEVV N)ICK CARTER WEEKLY.

  y“And;when you passed us--that monster and I--—out’

, inthe middle of the room, facing the detective, brandish- r 
l countenance.

wise he felt then made him wish to drop the weapon he ‘~75
‘held and to conduct himself properlyn, $1; , 

broken loose, for at thattmo-f
 of breaking"-furniture, =

‘ of speech. exactlyirepresented the condition of Starbuck 

~ _ward to the ,stﬂ.¥gglethat surely must ensue.

All his life the man had been an athlete, and always
the first in his class. More than that, he was a very large
man. Considerable more than six feet in height, broad
of shoulder, mighty of sinew and limb, he was an antag-
onist worthy of respect from the mightiest adversary.

As Nick’ and Idayah stopped their talk to listen to the ,
noises from the adjoining room, the detective realized 
by the sounds he heard that Starbuck had succeeded in '
freeing himself, and was even then throwing from him 
the last of the bonds that held him. 1

Instantly the detective determined what to do. 2

With a bound he reached the side of the crib where 
the child was sleeping, and raising it in his arms, he 
placed it against its mother’s breast; then he opened the 
door from the bedroom into the corridor, and shoved
them gently through it, after which he closed and locked
the door after them.

It was, perhaps, a fortunate thing that Idayah was ;
still dressed for the street; it was also fortunate that
the time was June, and the day was warm and sultry. , 

“,Go to my house, Idayah,” he said rapidly. “Wait 
there for me. I will bring Starbuck.” 

,’Then, without awaiting a reply, he closed and  it;
the door, so that she could not reenter the room, and"iihen3i
heicrossed to the other door, which separated him £1-om‘~ 
the now raging Starbuck, and threw it wide aiar. A

The maddenedgman had literally tom the chair in
which he had beexyseated in pieces. and now he stood 

 

 

  

  

ing one of the arms of it in his raised right hand, and
with the expression of a ﬁend upon his usually serene {:1

When he saw the detectiiie there came one flash of 
recognition in his eyes, and it was evident that an irne, ..

But it passed as quickly as it apphared. The bran: 
dished arm of the chair, which he had partly lowered, 
was raised, again, the ferocious glare returned to his
eyes, and he took one step forward, as if to attack 
friend. M .

Truly, hisg: ire aspect was that of a mad ' f
violent ravin H d yet Nick believed that behind it all 
the man was conscious of what he did, and was sorry, 
for it. ~ ' 7

term “possessed of a devil." while largely a figure 

  
   
    

 

   
  

  
 

at that moment; and his aspect was so ferociousjhat: ni 
man rlees accustomed to facing. emergencies T ‘ Nick
Carterswas, would have thought twice before , l 

     
 

    
 

But  gdid notoethinkgrtwice. He did not 

 
      

  won   sé 

   
 
   
   
   
   
    
  
 
 
   
     
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
    

dy determined what was to be ‘done, and his only
_ A 're,_ﬁ6w was toh-ave it done as quickly as possible,
ut first he attempted what his will power might do..
As Starbuck stepped one pace toward him, he ad-
w...a one step toward Starbuck; and then they both
, d, asif to measure th_e distance between them, as
a. as to calculate the probable outcome of the struggle
- was to follow. ,
Starbuck l”, said the, detective gently.
A growl like that of an angry beast was his answer.
“Starbuck, listen to me.” ~ I
or one brief instant the man seemed to shrink
gard, and then, as if a new paroxysm of his rage
taken possession of him, he prang forward with
ed arms, andthe detective ced himself to meet
attack.  . * ,
But the madman was wary. V .
 had almost reached the detective when he swerved
‘ gone side, andiso managedto pass him, and then with a
V run he reached thedoor that was open between the
rooms, and darted through it. _
uthe paused on the threshold in amazement, to dis-
i N that the roorrl was empty; and it was then that
'. thanked Heavehthat ‘he had had the forethought
thrust Idayah and the phild into the hall and to bid
u go away. . . . ‘x _
w‘as.then,' ‘also, had his opportunity, and one
‘ _nxight,notco31i;.a‘gain..w V _ ' .
. k’;»back,.was;oward‘ him :for the instant, and,
’ the shouldersﬁiof his rnaddened friend.,
 ofirage, as if it had proceeded from an
, Aroorn; and Starbuck sought
 already Nick had secured
'ut§u upon him, and in just three
' ‘ ‘  ‘y if Starbuck was lying on his A ,
‘:,,,,;4d;.-,;,,‘:   of the parlor, as helpless‘ it
 been carried away out of his

     

 
  
   
 
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
  

 ”i}éuI¢§‘0f l“'5litsu,i had paralyied the
~_tija;i, l pqrarny. and he could 'on1>'lie'
  glare.up at his §_ f

 

,  that terrible  was con-.‘
,than iiendishness. There was
 rea}ized_what he was doing‘,
'  mind"becaus'e he could not
  ‘us ». \ t  
_ pg:-ailyzedrconditiohcould not last
, 3 A must soon‘ recover from
i i V ;oir1éhdw"oonﬁned~again.before‘
" L 71lfohiin,tiiestruggle would

a bound, jNiek leapedxinto theuair and alighted _

» his

‘ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. :5

They were scattered about on the ﬂoor in broken bits,
where the great strength of the madman had snapped
them to pieces. ~ , _

But therelwas a vial of chloroform in the detective’s
pdcket, for wherever he went he was always prepared
for emergencies; it was one of the rules ,of his life and
profession. _ ._ ‘ _

Quick to act always, he produced the chloroform at
once, poured the contents of the vial upon his handker-
chief, and clapped it across the nose and mouth of the
helpless man; and the latter; in his effort to recover the
rise of his muscles, breathed hard, and was, therefore,
overcome the more quickly.

With a sigh or two he fell under the influence of the .

drug, and in a moment he was unconscious.

And then Nick acted hastily, indeed. A

He knew that he would have‘ very little time for what
he intended to do, but he stepped to the telephone that
was in the room and called up Doctor Stag, who lived
just around the corner from the hotel. _

It was during the oﬂice-hours of the physician, and
Nick was sure that he would be at home, and when, a
moment later, he recognized the voice of the doctor over
the wire, he almost smiled, a welcome through the trans-
mitter.

‘fDoctor,” he said rapidly. “This is Carter. Yes. I
am at the Mammoth. Room 1046. It is a matter of life
and death that you should come here at once. Come
straight to the room without a word at the otiice. Bring
a hypodermic with you, and some morphine. Leave ev-
erything, and come quickly.”

The answering "All right” came to him like a respite,
and he returned the receiver to the hook, and stepped
back again to the side of the prostrate man on the ﬂoor,
and stood there, looking down upon him and thinking
deeply, until he thought it time for the doctor to make
his appearance; and then he stepped dlt upon the cor-i
rider and stood waiting near the door. until the elevator
stopped at that ﬂoor, and the physician stepped from it. -'
 “I am always bringing you ‘interesting cases, doctor,”
he-said, as heled the way into the room. “Now I have
got one for you which ismore interesting than any you
have ever ha .” ‘ ‘ .

“Chloroform,"’ said the doctor, sniﬁing, and looking
down upon his patient. ‘ - ‘ ’

" . “Yes,” replied.Nick. “I had to use it in order to quiet

him. If you had been hereiyou would have said that it
was a case of acute and violent dementia. -I happen to
know that it is not; that is, that it is noted according
to the precedentsto which you are accustomed. The man
was mad,,oertainly;_ but the madness had beenfbrought
abouthy soinethingjnthenatureofadmgthathadbeen
isdrninisbered to ‘him+—-how, I do not know.” i ‘
The doctor's neply

     

 its

«   , \

was a‘grunt.,I-Ie was already on ‘

 .,§J _.

  

"1716

“~ 3' continued the detectiire, “I paralyzed his spine
with ju-jutsu‘; then I administered chloroform; and now
_.§,want you to give him a hypodermic syringe of mor-
;phin.toL.keep. him quiet until we can get him to my
house and put him in the padded room on the top floor.
jg Thereyou can study the case at your Ieisure.”
 ; “L  grunt by way of response. _ -
v  ‘-’§'?But the point is that I wish to get him away from this
::}hotel as quietly as possible, and without the facts of the
N  known.” A
»L vf‘All right," said the doctor. “I’ll ﬁx him. You go
 and make your other arrangements. I will be ready
_;?;;;‘Lpyon. in tez3v_minutes.” N
  left the physician»; and his patient alone together
 another word, and descended to the oﬁice, where
L awash fortunate enough to ﬁnd the manager almost at
 has suddenly been taken very ill,” be
‘  ‘,‘rl,am. going to take him to my house. I have
cslxedjpoctor Stagito him,  he is now with Starbuek.
 he is administering morphine, and the conse-
 is‘ thatimyr. Starbttcl: will have to be ‘carried from
.. .19 Iwant you to ﬁxit for us topdescend in the
L fflevator, and leave the hotel “through the alley. I
it t  will please, you as well as me.”
  L. . L , ‘ .L
. —pro7prietors.dislike mam sickness in any form
L  and so the arrangements were
i ‘only " ; the time when Nick
L   ov  telephone when a closed
" W§¥‘hL?°ﬂ1,~th3‘31§¢¥‘¢%l1!j3nS¢t¢°.th¢ hotel.
inside it  detseetiveand the unconscious

 
 

   
 
 
  
   
    
     
 
 
   
  
    
   
   
  
    
   

  

_ L y.  exicusev;
_ Lao shisj patients’ l
 that he would bur : ' to

about-”;.:mommt'af loss of ”  V
 detective no there troiible, He
31   . the ‘iferociousnens had

, L  wasyrthat ofpa

x

Nick

 
 

 fer a

,‘v

17, ems

    
  

   

who wereo awaiting »

o a should say. ‘ Really, sir, there ‘was nothing whatever that

3  ‘ii, an

‘NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

had given Joseph careful directions concerning his care, L
that Nick thoughtlto ask about Idayah and the child, '
whom he had sent alone from the hotel to await him
there. But now he did so. _ ' 4
“Where is the lady, Joseph?” he asked. “Where is.
Mrs. Starbuck?” L i
“Mrs. Starbuck .7" replied Joseph.
you, sir.” L
"I know; but hasn’t she returned? Has she not been-
here within the last half-hour, with her child?" L
“No, sir.”
Nick was startled; but Joseph was saying something
more, and he listened. . ’
“But there was azman here; sir—-a stranger—-—-only a.
few moments ago. He said to give his cgnpliments to
you, sir, and to say that he would call again.”
V _,“His name, Joseph! His name! Did he give lei’? ,
; “I'th_ink he was woozy, sir——for he said to tell you that L
the Vitic King had called upon you. I shut the door in =.

x
. a

his face.”

“She went out xvith

3.

-----é

CHAPTER VJII.
 asscvao mom AN AWFUL rare.

“The Vitic King!”

Nick Carter repeated the information after Joseph” i
almost involuntarily, for although he had .not heard that V
precise expression before, he knew instantly to whom} it‘
/referred. . 

“The Vitic! King!‘ Zanabayahl" he repeated ag-tir1._:
"L‘Zanabayah, the Terrihle  when was be here?” 

"Ten or ﬁfteen minutef‘ rate your ownparrivalj sir.i"‘;f

“He was tall, and dark, with pi’ " N
' ile?’ A creepy sort of 
l “Not at an, sir. Hé waaL$jﬁustl' in ,
gentle-looking as.a Mexicafifburro, and as harmless, ‘I

 

 

 

  
   

   

 
 
    

was terrible about him, althoughll will admit that, his eyes

I

    
    

     

   
   

   

were unus N;  bright for a man of"’his age.’ ,
“That  3 Joseph. -He was disguised, thatio 
*“IfL rdon me, sir, I didnotthink so; ‘Kl
appearance xtremely natural." l

    
 
 

 
 
   

nieappear so naturally
'_diﬂ’ercnce.’* _
?"L‘Yea. sir; often.

that your couldtnot have  the

       
  
  

§But  is only one litre 

  

L in  V    told; this 

    
  
     
    
 
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
    
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
    
   
   

‘ r

NEW NICK CAR'l‘l:‘.R WEEKLY. _ 17

l  so, sir; a lady.” \ could guess; but that he had done so, there seemed to be
“And a child?” a ' no doubt. ‘
g‘5Now, that you speak of it, sir, I think there was. I “My only recourse, therefore, is to return to the hotel «

 quite sufeiof it,” as soon as possible,” was his thought—and he hurried
ff‘-‘Hark! There is the bell.‘ It is the doctor. -Bring there without any delay. .
,.. directly‘ to this room. Hurry !f’ In the meantime, however, it appeared that Ida_vah's

 when the: doctor entered the room Nick followed a maid and also Sta3'buck's valet, who had been tempora-
. which he away, adopted with this oartioula, phy_ rily absent during the excitement in the rooms on the
' that is, he told him everything about the case ex: tenth ﬂoor, had returned, and had caused some excite-
 it was, coo-oeaung nothing He even went so ment about the hotel before the manager had succeeded
"5 to describe that ehcounter he had had oorsonmy in quieting them; but they had both returned to report
, zanabavah in the corridog of the hot'e1_ ,» that Mr. /Starbuck’s apartment was in readiness for him‘

and his wife, and so the detective sent them off there,

tell y of that, domor, in order‘ that you\1ay un— _ . 
- ’ with a few words of explanation, to await his coming;

1» .r. H ing about the hellish powers of that
man. His knowledge of drugs and forces with

. we are unfamiliar is phenomenal, and I have not a
in the world that he has soméhow succeeded in taking the manager mto hlS conﬁdence. and this be pro-

--storing. something.“ the food to poo, Sta,-1,u¢k_" ceeded to do,‘ telling him as much of the story of the

or Stag,n0.dded and rubbed his hands togot-hen happenings oil that morning as. he thought best to do;
; cases of this sort and after that, one by one. the clerks in the office who
liked . \

VA“ now,” continued Nick. "I am going to leave you were on duty at the ‘time of the disturbance were called
' . but doctor. You may do exactlyoaé you like; before the detective and questioned. .

d   you be caufulo of starbuck Nick described the old man as Joseph had done; and
he games 6m‘ 0‘. his pusénﬁ condition’ “or if he one of the clerks remembered, to have seen him waiting;

4 _ the madman amt he was; befm;eA,I got the best to have-seen Mrs. Starbuck come down with her child
' ' '1 Woman,‘ give, [appease ‘for you; lifon '- in her arms; to have seen the old man step toward her,

. l -mt Wm:  me,_Nick,» "plied the doc_ hat in hand, and to have seen them leave the hotgl ‘by

ut your own affairs and the main exit’ t°g°th°r"
 Wm ﬁnd dual know “Now, give me the carriage-clerk,” said the detective,

and as soon as that individual appeared, the description
was undergone again; with the result that after continued ‘ .
questioning the man whoohad driven the “fare" from

M. i,  ._tq 1* rod, to my to a m..m_,, the hotel to Nick’: house, was before him.
  ;"“d°cm' i 3, a.ny_m5,*nm;_md on heehw "1 know very little about him, sir," said‘ the driver, in

‘an! to Iwevmuhooioa  hope that _,reply to questions. “He was a nice old tleman. Said

and then he sought the manager again.

It was a moment now when he fey the necessity of .

_ x
0 ' \

,  ‘ ofsthesroom he called to 
‘ ‘them on guard outside the

 

" l , “Andothe hdyoandichlldi‘
  am 2‘ o ‘  “Yesrsir. Of course, sir.” ‘Q.
5 die .aﬁceTf it.’If'or the  »  >
  e   onthe z..:u';a.¢r.i.e.a am. "°W¥ ‘*°“'*

   

     
 
    

 

  

-",e,' «V.  \_

and hpnroaclritm.-hs had A’ -'“‘° ‘l‘*"'i-  “‘*“i ‘,°’ ‘ '‘‘°'’‘‘''“ “'4. “"3”  
‘m5a¢!tin¢~he_r.   R " ’ ‘ 3*“ ll" "5' V“ 5° '*"“‘*. 
 Q ' ,   “ drew outaﬁfty-dollaroliilll  

   

  

.,, it at all I know? about him, sir.”

 

 

ii-8

Eo'u’ld'go straight to you in the morning and tell you as
r'ﬁi’Ich3 or as little as Iwanted to,” he blurted out rapidly.
“ﬁnd I almost fell, sir. Fifty dollars is a good deal; but

_ have always been a friend to me, sir, and a friend to

an the boys who" served you well, and I think your friend-
ship is worth more to me than ﬁfty.” ’“
3 “‘We1l P” said the detective. “Keep the ﬁfty—and tell
all you know.” ’ .

“I don’t want the ﬁfty now, sir. I wouldn't touch it
again.’ It almost made a fool, as well as a villain of

me]? and he threw it upon the floor. “It” can lie there

~an'd rot, for all of me!” he added.

.'~*“Goodl Now, tell.\Possibly I can ﬁnd another and a
cleaner ﬁfty for y9u—later.”
“I drove them around to a house in Thirty-ﬁfth street,

‘VSi‘,'r9__1V , §

~* ‘Quick!’ What.» else? I see that you have more to
tell. What is it?" , V A A‘
“It ain’t much, sir. We carried her inside to a room-
the front one on the second ﬂoor. The old man gave
the woman of the house ‘a roll of bills, and left the lady
there in her charge, sir. And then he came out again,
sir, and we drove away.”
,l‘We! Who?” 
E “The old man and the child, sir.”
..“Where, where, where did you take them?”
i “Only to the comer, sir, where the subway station is.

V He"got, out there, sir, and took the baby with him down

into  subway; and that is the last I seen of him, and

. V ‘Take me to that house in Thirty-ﬁfth street as fast as

'  ‘can drive,” said the detective, leaping to his feet;

and in another moment they were whirling through the
 at a rate of speed that if an automobile had bgn

*£e}e‘5o.aaa  ‘ r
' ‘Butthe  up at the door of the house he

‘  . attempting it the chauﬁeur would have been arrested be-_

  ,‘    Nick (garter rah up the steps tovthe
tron: door and pulse? the bell, and kept on pulling it.
A   no}  i Mi the urgency of his summons, there

ea   to it. It  t that the roll of bills
 the “old man” to the woman of the

‘A’

  to    »

.7, V“  pg ' not lhss‘bsg?'o§'i;my tools thrown ‘g

   

  included  that she _was.‘nqt _

_ » . , . ‘l  ‘»:\_,:v,; i t , .  l
     street.‘-~  

  
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“Come up here a moment,” he said. “There is a ﬁve-
spot in it for you}? . '

V The plumber lost no time in complying with the re-
quest, and in another moment Nick had secured a heavy
pipe-wrench from the kit, and with it as a hammer it re-
quired but three blows before the door of the house was
shattered and the way inside was open before him.

In‘ the meantime, the inmates of the house had gath-
ered around the door inside of it, and among them the
madam of the house, who was apparently in a deﬁant”
mood; but Nick lost no time in useless parley with her.

He stepped quickly forward, an'd said:

 “I want the -lady who was, left here in your charge
only a little yvhile ago. If you try to stop me or inter-
fére withime, I will tear your house inside out; if you as-
sist me, and if no, harm of any kind has come to the lady.
you can ﬁx up your door at your convenience; for it is all
I wish of you.”

He had passed on up the stairs while he was talking,
and the .woman had followed him ; and now she demand-
ed to know who he was. i

“I am Nick Carter,” he said.
enough for you.”, .

Evidently it was, for when he reached the landing she
stepped hastily ahead of him, and threw open the door to
the front room on that ﬂoor, and then she stood aside
for him to pass in. ' ‘

“That ought to be

Idayah, still with her hat on, and looking as if she had
just dropped down to rest, was lying upon a couch in
that room, apparently sleeping.

j . ..Nick did not even stop to look around him as be ad-

vancedtoward her, but, raising her gently in his arms,‘
he, turned again and carried her out through the door,
down the stairs, and into the street, where he deposited
her inside the carriage. ’ ‘ '

As he did that and was about to follow her inside, hav- ,

ing called to the driver to take them home, he chanced
to raise his eyes; and he saw, advancing rapidly toward
him down the street-Zanabayah. V y

Not the izanabayah whom Joseph had described,‘ to
him; but the Zanabayah of the hallway; the Zanabayah

who, was tall and dark angjiandsome, and. who had the l 5

devilish Imile and the satanic cast of countenance.
At-that.inls'tant Nick‘ Carter was nearer to being in a

rage than he ever permitted himself to approach. ’

‘ He realized fully the enormity of the thing that Zaha-

hayah had -dime; and he realized -aisoihac themen was . 

 

 

   

   
  
 
  
   
    
  
   
  
    
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
   
    

. ,':

A9

NEW NICK CARTER wEEKi.Y. I ’ * :9

 

‘ rning now to  house and to his intended victim Crowds collect very quickly in New York. A crowd
‘ hisown proper person. to complete his victory over had begun to collect even when Nick Carter was hat-
;;°to- consummate at least one part of -that terrible re- tering in the door of the house from which he had res-
_ , that he had determined to visit upon her. cued Idayah; and now it was augmenting so rapidly
nd Nick remembered,-too, the danger of coming that Nick~ waved his hand at the driver, and, leaping
 contact with that n; he remembered inside the acarriage. was driven rapidly away.

Vwful paralyzing conSegl1£I1C€l?0f ‘the 1196 Of that He was glad that no policeman had appeared on the
"V ‘force of which he was mistéxf. émd 11¢ thclught Of scene to inquire the cause of the row at the house, and of
it might have h3BP°“°d had he been half all hm? the pistol-ghot, for he did not care to have a report of it
inhis own visit’0f I‘eSC11¢- ,' ~ appear on the blotter at the police station-house; and,
3 ‘he did a thingthat ié had never in his life d0n€ to tell the truth, be was was rather ashamed of his hasty
; 2}» drew his revolver deliberately from his pocket, action in shooting; »

 0 WP -""”.“‘~ "*9 ’"“'"i wk” was “1’1”°“‘.'hi"g Idayah was still unconscious when they arrived at

 

' i 6  “P5” 1*“ -"“‘.,"””"‘ f“""’- - the detective’s house, and he carried her inside, and to
1 .. y l the library, where he called his housekeeper to her.
3i AFTER 1}(_ ‘ But after a little she showed signs of coming around,

and in less than half an hour the housekeeper came to

9  names: or A‘ sunrne roe. .
~ him to say that the lady would like to speak with him.

  raswonderfulething happened. “» _ 
‘§~ Cattu'.had never been known to rnissa target ' What has h“‘PP‘"°d- N‘°k" she ask“: 35 3°03 35
  lat; and’yet..the tnan atwhorn he ‘ﬁred the  aPP°3’°d- T .
 ivubppedlin his h-a¢ks;;m;1¢d gt the detecﬁve, “Nothing much," he said. “You somehow» fell into
 s  d. toward hini-and than quietly ‘and the handg of Zanabayah when you left me at the hotel.
13:. turn: on  heehpand walked away in the I found you and got you back again; that is all." M

ffgfiaﬂ, a.c'if beingpshot a,_t,‘in the streets of He was extremely gratiﬁed to discover that she had

fvgrgjotefeiy an ord:'nary.cz'rcumstance. no idea "where she had been during the interim. V '
‘hid 39l°“d‘d i“ that 5h“ it.° i“j‘“'° the ma“ “When I descended in the elevator,” she told him, “an ‘
‘ ‘ﬂy; biitiht 1W¢“"l¢''‘d‘d 39 1"" "i"‘- old man met me near the oﬂice of the hotel. He told

 inf’ hid been i“t¢ﬁd°d *0 me that he was one of your assistants, and had been or-
 tl;e"’ltnee;*and while the act W35 dered» to wait there for me. In my excitement--for I
 _ thins £.°"~Ni°k C.al't¢!' W Q9 must admit that for once I was excited-—it never oc-
. ’_‘W3'*5°h h‘id,b°¢*l ‘SP.“¢3fi)' P9 ii“  curred to nae that you had had no opp$tunity to send

 iusﬁ_ﬁ'-‘d him i11_T¢3°?ﬁ?1§,¢°‘*¢X¢Y¢"1¢ word -for anybody. or that there had not been time, and
 the activity pf glfis ﬁend W110 so I accepted his escort to a carriage. .
§°“°.‘°‘”°‘M i“ °"ﬁ\'d°i"3«' ' ' " “As  as we were inside the carriaﬁe, I knew that
Vlrnesv thei'e»—hacl‘tbeen 3 buneirl” ma‘ 2.-.-3-gs” Zanahayah‘. and eventas I nude an eﬁon to get
i   ~ awayiirom him he jabbed a needle  my arm. and I
knew notliinganore until‘ just   an 1‘: Ton?» I
L  grhlickiihadlheeé dnéa(i‘mig this rqy éim it; knew‘ . 
"  ::ha:1.st.wa;‘:.s¢st to“be'lperfeetly «frank withletaynh. 

   

  
  
   

    
        

  

~ ..............m. 
 " . .2 K i 7; :: I

    

. ~,:f’WaiL” she repeated, after a moment.‘ “Let me
V pi :=“Yau told you didnot think that Zanabayah
. would attetnpt toiabduct the%Khoy," thedetective said to
—~her.i.  .,  V." '
‘. _‘‘No; I did nottliink he would. ' The abduction can
5 .  aoegoo‘d»” .
A _“Why? It will make_yo,u1suffer if he keeps the boy
  will not keep him away
“ heeannet injure him.”
“_Cantiot‘injure him!
 ban?"  _ A
. T“h_e_hlood that ﬂows  veins of that boy will
' Vt him. "f‘onoy‘iah,i,s the grandson (if Tonoyah, the

 

from me for long-and

  

Good Heaven, Idayahl What

   

p _ I
 ’,T’anoya*h’ the_—:lring-—with all due 
 "miernorysoi your respgetedeiather. 'But_you are
aaugnegy oiironceah. t1:'ef”ia”ng,'axi.4 Zanabayah would

 inightily,5 ii’ 1» had. _;';otjhappened to‘ 33¢

  

  useiwpxemgztgai :

You oazdsm under; -s s,s;;:i.:;a.;z.;ii,;ii;..;i:,a

wt  sh9u1d.ki11 any ones is»

  

   

 from nae: will beofi
-  he -taes1<Ik?1*'i°*'m‘%*3.f
 ' ‘ by that 

.< lat):  l ' NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

,betw"een you and harm.”

‘V 3  ;  ..i‘i§¥}f7‘1‘héyﬂaseende'd the stairs together,  presently_rappecl‘ . 2

A_ poctor, Stagsteppedy outside and closed the  '
~h5*'$l.t  " ‘ F 5 < .  I 

    
  
  
       
    
     
    
  
  
     
  
  

ine terror in her eyes. “Ah! He knows how to strike
where it will hurt the most. The -man’s subtle power is
terrible. If he comes ‘where I am, he can by a touch ren- _
(let me unconscious, before I have a chance to defend 
myself; or he can touch me with the paralyzing power
of the vitic force, and I will be as incapable of defense’
as——-———” y _

“As the child is now,” suggested Nick.

She wrung her hands together in silence, and then
she looked up into‘ the eyes of the detective in silence.
but with an expression that was so beseeching that Nick
leaned over toward her and took one of her hands in both
his own.

“Courage, Idayah,” he said. “I will somehow stand

gun.

    
  
     
    
    
  
    
 
       
 
   
 
     
  
    

,-‘‘Thank you,” she _murmured. “I have not properly:
cdnsidered the evil power of that man. I will do so from 
nipw on. But I must be calm and steadfast, and thought-
ful; Haste will not avail either of us, and it will only
strengthen Zanabayah's /power. First, Nicit.~.;my friend,
Ireust not for one moment he left unguarcl§di’'« ’
‘ “I know that; I will provide for it now." _ ~ ,
V "Nowgtell me, what‘ have you done with Geraldl”:
Where is he 2"‘ 
“Up-stairs in this house, under the care of the greatest, 2
and best physician in this country." s f
I “Letus go to him. I can help in his restoration.
-lmowjomething about that terrible drug with which 
has  inoeulat .” ' " V _ pf ‘ _ 
L “Come, then,” said the detective. “Follow me." V

  

  

  

at the door of ‘the padded room; and after Ia.

"'K;Q;wesv‘.preunted to ldayal1;and themhe said;
1 vi‘;  " ' ‘

   
   
 
    
   
 
   
   
 
  
  
   
  
    
   
 

 

I.‘ remain for some time, is one that is extracted from a
 . that grows in among the inaccessible heights of the
V ya Mountains. . It is known, because Tibetans
brought some of it out at times; but it has been
. g impossible to get any of it unless one had a bal-
ior the purpose.” »
7Nick'looked at the doctor in amazement. He spoke as
- were perfectly familiar with the terrible toxin; and
. with a smile, he said: . V
‘suppose a ﬂying-machine would answer as well as a
: wouldn't it?”
‘la, I was about to say, the result of the poison is
-~ . You. have heard of Eastern natives doing
isicallcd ‘Running amuck ?’ The act is the result
, A same pgoison—-that is the same principle, speaking
I
I t weed, which growsilower down the mountain-
’ But  eﬁect is the same, though not as powerful.”
" said, Idayah, “have you ever been in: Nepal?”
.!.before her. i b
‘there,  enough MY
 English. But ‘I lived. invthat mysterious
 math;-—in ..I:(l'nad1nandu.’:’
   my  :'I'oget1i¢13; we can
.. a. ‘O  jgefopg [hie/do1ctVOt' could reply

    
  
  
        
  

g 7    i-einexnberyvhat‘ I have said,
it 1' have to Williyou see that I am
tild BSl$.,I£layai;.i’ he interrupted

 

 
   
  
    
  
   

l3¢7:“.: .  ._  
mu $yba+witli»‘iti:structions   lexaveyou for
i ‘=‘?:néy."anel Teri-Ié§i“shal1:_'hg' 

‘ wi1i‘fbe'_duiteg:saié. ﬁts 
 . 0&1 have‘out%at
   lnbaekwvw

' ,‘ '.  g  .   A
‘ hldsitnplyfii another. as thedoctor

   
 

-*'**“..

 

 
   

= y; only the poison they use is extracted from-

 fthrec assistants shall be placed ’

at,on¢w,as  rem 

  
  
  

~<  .“?'l‘l5.‘i" 

I

NEW NICK CARTER w1iEKLY. _ 2;

astounded to discover that.it was still early in the day.
He looked at his watch and found that it lacked but a
few moments to luncheon, but, as he felt no inclination to
eat, he descended the stairs and called Chick to him in
the library.

“Listen, Chick,” he said-; and then he rapidly rc-
counted the incidents of the morning-—the things that had
happened in ﬁvehoursgof actual time. At the conclusion
he said:

“I have strict orders for you. I want them followed to

the letter, with no deviation on any account, or for any

reason. You understand P".

“Yes.”

“Youare to keep either Patsy or Ten-Ichi on guard in '

the upper hall, near the door of whatever room Idayah

 happens to be in, and whichever one is there, he must

remain there without leaving his post until I have given
otherlorders.” ‘ .
‘ ‘That is down, all right,” said Chick, nodding.

"The other one must stand guard outside the house~- ,

on the front steps; and.he must stick to his post as re-
ligiously as the other ‘one does. They may change off

from time to time, however. You may change them about i

each hour. It will give them a variety."

"All right. That shall be done.” A

"Idayah is not to be permitted to leave that floor. She
must not descend even one ﬂight of stairs. I neglected
to tell her that, but you may say that it is my order. She
will understand, and she will obey." ‘

“Very good.” 1 _ \ M _
_ (‘Only Doctor ﬁtag is to be permitted, to pass up or
‘down   to and from that floor: Nobody else;

: not even.’on'e.of the servants in the house. Got that i''’_

arm".     

   informed of hll   she comes

out of that roomfwhereshe is now, lwithustarbuck and

. . the doctor.  that  can  “the run of that
-ﬂoor. That I will and her thingsloiher from the 

y“-Yes-.":j -

'7;

    «£1-emu inieontrol at the at-3 it

   

” ‘ «  tofladinitei

 n‘
:

NEW .i\*fcK CA

I

»

  

22

V may be, or what the urgencyvof any case that arises, it
must be postponed, or the client must seek some one else.
There. is to be no exception to this order.”

“I understand.” ,
“I think that is all save that you are to keep moving
about the house yourself from top to bottom. You are to
V see that everything is all right. You are togneglect noth-
»   That ﬁend will make another;-—pos§ibly many other
determined eiforts to get possession of Idayahi”
("I understand.”

at /

   
  
 
 
  
  

_ thinksithat he’ cannot harm the boy,.but.I think dif-
‘ fgrenziy. Iithink, with his devilish ingenuity, he will find
” a way to do so, just as he thought out a way in which he
could harxn her, whose life is charmed against him in
some way that I do not understand. »
7733:! ytherehavc been many things about those people
that I ‘do not understand, and I ﬁnd that the only way is
cfor size to go ahead blindly and prepare to ‘meet all that
T  matter whether I ulidérstand it or not.
I think that in some way he intends’to use the child‘
' " getat Idayah. l But, Chick?" T
,Y9’~”. ‘V  i i
“*1 cannot remaiuhere. I. must go out. I must be up
.and“tloing. ?'You shall remain here in rnyiisteaﬂ. _iYou
:%%iu§.ty‘l:eiini:e.for the present. I rely upon you as fullynas
  lmyself. You know that and‘ realize it fully."
“Yes.” 7u;idpyChick.. ’ a ll  '
“Andi so I lea1reyou.l.Cany up thdlunelieon to Idayah
  that she eats it,‘ too.1.. Offer the doctor
1 fwiien becomes dawn; and eenghim that I wish
 Gould manage. to  every hour that he can do so
so 1, us until this business is over. »-[Will you ?”
en.” T ’

I

  

   
    
 

   
   

   you willr“ tn?” __ 

.. Not the I only know that as long as that

 in  ‘ ho is called Zanahayah, tire-..".1‘i’e'i'-1
 ﬁat   amoI$g'yus,whoselife or’

is T   lpienvnylbuu down at the

   

S

  

Vlanabayah now has the child in his possession. Idayah.

i i being abroad sbm

 , Hg 71:12 that the ghumlapnlyﬁend luui already 

RTER WEEKLY.

“I shall not.”

“But why————”

.“Never mind why. I am not sure that I know why
myself. I only know that the vitic force which Zana—
bayah exerts is a superlative condition of electricity, and
that I don’t want any chance left for him to senda bolt
of it into this house.”

“There is the electric light wire. That enters the

house.” ‘
“True enough. Go into the cellar and cut it. Do it
now. We will get along with the gas until this thing is
over.”
Chick could not repress a smile, and Nick saw it.
“It all sounds very trivial, and, no doubt, extremely
foolish,” he said, “but this is a case and a condition
 where nothing must be forgotten. We have got a many
to ﬁght against who is not a man at all, but a human“?
devil. I have called him an embodied Satan once, and I i
think the term was wellvapplicd. I wish I knew more «i
about the confounded forces that he exerts. Good-by.”
i"‘I am sorry about that telephone,” said Chick, as they ‘
were about to part. T '
The detective halted a moment. Then he said: 
“Send Joseph to’ Monkton’s drug-store. Tell him to
spend the ‘rest o£3tl1e_day there, and to be ready to answer
the telephone there if it should ring. If I have anything
‘ to‘ communicate I will telephone toliim and he can bring 35
the message to you.” ‘
“That is better. That makes me feel easier.”
They parted then.
-Nick ran down the steps and hurried along the avenue. 7.

,« _
..,. ~.n.mu..’.‘..'nnl:m.‘.~.'..._ruo..-s  . i

 
  
       
 

   
 
       
 
     
 
     
     
   
   
  

M J It was very much like looking for a needle in a bayf
' stack to start out blindly among the streets and avenues‘
of New York in search of that child; but the detective?
felt ond impulse that he was not conscious of ever baviugé
experienced before, and that was-—that he would
how be led onlghe right track.‘ ‘ ‘
Itvmight be called superstition to think so. He did“

a consider that, and heiwould not have cared if he had '
,,  7 The point was thatfhe felt that by going out '-
ething would happen toiput him 2

   
      
   
  
 

 
   
  

 
 

right track. , 1 q . ,
Butyif  truth be told, he was really oﬁeringf
self asa target for pzanabayah. . is ‘ "

‘ .

    
 
 

  

    
  

  

    
 
   
   
   
  
 
   
    
  
  
  
    
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
  
    
 
  
  
  
     
    
 
 
  
   
    
 
 
 
   

resources; and the detective was now certain that
bayah would feel the necessity of getting Nick out
the way before he attempted to carry to completion his

h designs. I I’ e

And so that'w_as really why Nidc went abroad in the
’ . In the hope that Zanabayah would be on guard
- here, would see him go, would realize that he had
left Idayah unguarded, and would, therefore, iorpthe
' being transfer his attack from her to the detective.
One of Nick’s methods for ﬁnding people was to create
itions which would compel the person he sought to
. him; he felt'that he had done so in this case, and
Zanabayah would be “looking for him” now. '
e’ stopped for a moment on the corner, undecided
sway logo; and then he‘ remembered that there
an errand he wished to ’attend to, and that was to
- Idayah's baggage to her from the hotel.- -

od inrthrough the main entrance to the great hostelry.
Veﬁassed to the desk. and «gave the necessary direc-
to the clerk in i:harge; andkthen it ocurred to him
would not be a bad idea for him to visit the rooms
tenth ﬂoor once more. . I
, - dingly, he explained what/he wished to do and
for a l-:ey‘to the rooms; then, having received
 on to the elevator and ascended.

I  out of it and the grated door slid shut

V him he stopped for a moment. ' .

.. .];{g'm;-pri5¢ th¢.doo_r of the room he sought was
ajar, and he knew‘ that this should not be so. A
 he stepped quickly forward;  then,
lgggg gm-gugh the open-doorway, a sight met his
’ mag him nap and stare in the mosc‘:‘ut:e:.-
T of thesuite where he i" _ _
 of ﬁgegoarn, recli'ning'in' an  chair,’
5.; pm, gppareutly, asV_if)the rooms  
W,  was seated, calm1Y'h?|113°1f
   ‘We him-‘native? °9ﬁs,“9°'-,
 .
we  of the tear.
 ‘I  " ashestoodin
i'....a§’n_g.'.': ifin  .Hé

»

Zinuéyah .

NEW NICK‘ CARTER WEEKLY.

« so he, turned in that- direction, and presently _,

wall app¢ar8n9e8.v‘q§=i§e~°§'_‘*t¢*.*e -‘

23

. Although Nick was amazed, he lost no time in stepping
inside the room and closing the door behind him. Then
he placed his backagainst it——and waited for the other
man to speak.’- ~ _

He was determined about one thing at least, and that
was that the strange man should play no more tricks
upon him.

' “I was expecting you,’7 said Zanabayah calmly, con-
tinuing to fan himself, but not otherwise moving at all.-

"Indeed,” replied the detective. “That is "strange,
since ‘it is only ﬁve minutes ago that I had any thought of
coming here at all.”

“I knew that you‘ would come here,” was the quiet
reply.

“Well. we won't argue the point. I don’t think that i

you are half as glad to see me as I am to encounter you.
We have already got a'fev_v little reckonings to settle,
and I don’t propose to be stunned again by any of your
shocks, either." Once to-day you exhibited the ability‘ to
turn aside bullets. I don’t know quite how you did it,
unless you are shod with iron up to your knees; but I
want to tell you now that if you attempt to move from
that Ch3i!.’._¢ to do anythingat all without my expressed
permission, I» shall shoot you again, and the next time I
do it the bullet will hit you squarely in one of your eyes,
and a second one will take you in the other eye quicker
than you could count two.”

There was a gleam from those same eyes as Nick Car-
ter made the staternenté a gleam which looked to Nick
like surprised consternation, only it disappeared so
quickly that he ‘could ‘ct judge it correctly; and Zana-
‘?“Y““ '°P'?"¢§‘ ¢-,?‘"i‘Y,i '* , ‘ ‘ _

,2 L“You may",  your threats, Mr. Carter. Your

«liullets are powerless to ,injure'me;,,but, nevertheless, I

,..,sli,allr_emain where lam’ for the present. You think that

‘Elam in your pow‘_,:but the fact is, you are in mine—as
wholly so as iﬁfyou; were already dead.” ‘ '
. it _ .

A, I V i;;(~Zl-IAPTER x1.
  [sr.uu:ucx’s nouma

The   with a quiet decision that
carried   it; for he meant literally everything

." ‘_ :

Iﬂattivho sat there facinghim 

  

24

he had ever encountered in his experience, even were the
possibilities of them all focused into one beiné.

.. He knew that Zanahayah possessed resources and pos-
sibilities of which he could notieven guess: and that the
onlyrway for him to keep safely out of the fellow’s
clutches was to remain at a safe distance from hirril; to
keeplhirn at arm’s length; to watch him narrowly, and

‘ to shoot hi1n,.and shoot to kill, it the necessity should
It was not often that Nick Carter was driven to the
extremity of arguing in this manner; but here was an
extraordinary condition by which he was confronted.
T Zanabayah was not human; he was more than human.
 _ This expression should be taken literally, for the reaf
  it was a fact that the man came from a country
where the: knowledge of the forces of nature _was so pro-
found that the possession of that knowledge rendered a
‘man more than hunian, as we understand the word.

‘liar, after all. the word human refers solely to enlight-
 Unenlightencd personsare referred to as brutes
crjavages; humanity means learning. 

T I  Zanabayah was learned. How profoundly Nick
 know-could not know. «  

, , If Nick Carter possessed a quality that was more pro-
 wasydetferinination. ‘ T T _

*1 Deterrxiination to do, concentration of purpose, confu-
hence in his own abilities, coolness, aleptness, resolute
 these were his to a mafliédigiegree; and
 that he we face totaee.  aye man; now that
" theywere alone in that t;oom.io£‘ thTefhotcl_t9gether; nqyv
_   Nick ‘son "was tThTere,._evi-_
 Rick was dc:  :nc¢'tlTic_z!;.tIIe «chow-
‘ “ e1§T_hiorr;elfand zqr;gpqyqh’g;ggjoTgi'(4;5t£..anqz1

    
  
   
    
     
    
   

 
 

p

 bei rm: rb.erov«‘=:’:ne.r are-zza l=¢:..it1te..r-f
  emote one   rm»-id

;   to    room to prepare
e_.hI‘¢9¢!t¢e..land   At any momﬁt

/It

  
 
 

  

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY. V 

T T T T T T T T  aathe expression goes when we observe something Tw ch _
 he stood  /the, tiiateggwe. are not directly regarding——a stealthy motion} oi that
_ ‘isarnefiann of Zanabayah. ’ *

 T F¢i'r§.’.TT;T,_T:ggTTiTrposes of his own,.h0wever,  preferred

..

 _ had eztpectcdzanabayah to make happened.

  looking, toward ””tl:Te’T’:x:a:i. without  
  ainiat all, heturned the 

under which they confronted each other, Nick smiled ;
broadly. .
“We will not haggle over details,” he said.
thank you to keep silent a moment.” ,
One of those same stealthy smiles was the only reply,
and Nick at once turned his attention to the child. The
baby was something over a year old. Perhaps it could
walk. ‘
“Tonoyah P” he called to it. '
The child raised its eyes to the detectives face and
smiled at him.
. “Come!” said Nick. “Come here to ‘me." «_
The child started as if to obey, but Zanabayah half 
put forth a restraining hand, as if to intercept it; but_
Nick was prepared for that move. His revolver gleamed if
in his hand, and he said in a low tone, in order not to ‘T
alarm the child, but with an emphasis about which there 5
was no mistake: T T
,“If you touch that child I will shoot your hand oﬂ',P
Zanabayah. Put the hand back where it was. That is
right. Now keep it there. If you move again, you will if

regret it. Tollioyah, come here. Comelﬁhere to me.” 

The child slid down‘ from its chair to the floor 
toddled slowly across the room toward the detective. It ‘
his been said that children of tender years always Tin~T ‘
stinctively know ‘who their friends are. 
little Tonoyah toddled toward Nick Carter then without. T
\ a. sign of fear about it; but it was also certain that it had 
been playing in the company of that human ﬁend with no
appearance of ‘fear. T - E7

And then, while the detective watched thechild in its 7
approach, he also saw, as if out of the corner of his  

“I will.

 

 
 

        
 
  
  

   
  

  
 
  

   
 
 
 

  
  

  

not notice it. Apparently, he kept his eyes
ﬁxed upon the child,’ which was now almost to 

 child came nearer. Nick reached out his ,
hand; to take hold as it. and then the meson w "

   
   

  
  
  
    
    
  

= ,It{’was a drawing back of. that same arm withi V 
moltion; but Nick hadseen it in }tirn_e, and 

   
 

mo

    

‘ _

   

   
   
  
  
  
   
    
  
   
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
    
  
  
 
  
    
  
 
  
   
  

  

had pierced it through the palm and the force of
xmpact had deprived it of strength for the moment,
Iy. \ . .:. ". . — ’ p '
e child, startled by t‘he7shot -ﬁred so near it, screamed
V t, but Nick had already grasped it with his left
and now he pulled the boy toward him andilifted
upon the hollow of his left arm, while all the time
eptthe muzzle of his weapon pointing straight at the
' the chair. ' \ .
it now Nick was regarding the man with amaze-
The hand was wounded; he could see where the
 pierced it; there was blood upon it,‘and the
 already drawn a haridkerchief from his pocket
 hand and was winding_ it slowly around
‘ are for that occupation, he seemed unmoved by
M. of the wpund. ‘
‘ldeshave said that he did not feel it; almost,
in performing the service of bandaging it for

3.

 was totally incliﬁerent. He was as C001
he  even smiling as if for some reason. the
g were‘? ’i0l,:e~. f ‘  e e

3:311 keeping this ‘revolver raised: and-
walls of‘ the hotel were thick and heavy,
ﬁn dgggélive that the re p of his pistol
heardubeyond them, an that outsiders
 ﬁnd out what had happened.

' " Zed, i Herrememhcred that. ‘He
‘sea to closed it and placed his back‘

I

_ 1 léaobtand lmll’  °PsII;‘his
 and ’t1iep..t§g;if§l¥9‘#vihi?¥'*
 he would hﬂyI‘c id 

   
 
   

its  l ...it.;I1ai'ins.*r3**“¢i¥Sl.*l?f= bis-

 

0

 
 

 

 

   

V NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

p"ldin‘his.arms Nick  still aim watched
 it lasted; but ‘then he hacked slowly l

 V  now, ;'as”he;rea93ted A

’ 1‘;  ' ;s:.it* fogi~:weim<;ment—~as  L _ ‘ __,‘__
  l‘ ._happen¢¢']c gq he“  p
 the *'ma.n in front df l

 sightfasit it >

35

energy‘, for he sprang to his feet and lunged forward to-
ward the detective. T '

But before they could attack him; before he saw them
even; before he had recovered his equilibrium and raised
himself upright again, the door was burst open a second
time, and the burly porter of the hotel almost ﬁlled the‘
enti-ance. . ., d ’

Nick would have called out to him; in fact, he was
prepared to do so, but at that instant his glance rested
for an instant upon the man who had just entered. and
who had so nearly knocked him ‘down, and the words
died on his lips unuttered.

The man was Starbuck! He could have sworn it.

But instantly the second thought came to him. No!
The man ‘could not be Starbuck! That was impossible.
Starbuck was back there in Nick’s own house. safely

‘ under guard.. It would be impossible for him to escape

from it, even if he could get outside the padded room.
Who, then, could it be? isiomebody disguised as Star-
buck? And who could do it so well? Who but Zana-

_ bayah himself?

But if the luau who lookedlike Starbuck was Zanz-
bayah, who, then, was the man who had been seated in
the corner and whom Nick’s bullet had wounded?

If you realize how quickly one will think in an emer-
gency. you will understand that the thoughts recorded
here ﬂashed through Nick Carter's mind all in an instant;
in fact, while the big hotel porter was crossing the
threshold and trying to take in and to comprehend the
situation that confronted him-—while the fman from the

corner ofxthe roomhad advanced less than half the dis-

tance across i_t--—while the man who had entered ﬁrst‘
through the door and who was made up to looklike Star-
buck wasvreeovering from his own surprise»-for it was
plain that he was quite as much taken by surprise as Nick

‘A hadqbeeni. ‘ i

But the porter  shot and it had alarmed.
him. He hadjalsoi“ inthe situation. ; Moreover. 

 

c He saw the  toward Nick; he saw

the claiIcl‘Aii:’;:‘l:fl~:l';r?ir:"lgi;1‘5t1i:tce*ri."sT must; heknew Niel: Carter by“

r

twithj a’   higmeluoiwara mi?

    
     
    
       
 

  

    
 

— 26
 Beﬁore he knew it, he was seized arnvnrl the waist and
lifted from his feet, and the next instant he was sent
-:' whirling through the airover the porters head as if he

weighed no more in pounds than the child in ‘Nick Car-
‘ ter’s-yarnis.-E ’ 

 

Now, the door was directly behind the porter; 't§iore- I

h over,,it was open, for the porter had not stopped to close
* _ ityor’ to  about it when he entered the room.

  
 
  
  
  
 

I  djrectlygthrough it to the hallway outside, where, some~
T T how, he allghted on his feet instead of on his head.

' 1. _.§ndi.tt¢ managed to steady himself, too, for he turned
ftlgtantlyand, reaching inside the room he seized the door
 pulled it shut with ahangwand the key, which hap-
 beion the outside, turned in thelock. ‘

b ‘Now. it may ' seem incredible, b-man that has been
 happened while you might have counted “One,
E_tly{ree”.t;.it was all overand the doorfwas closed by
  Niclxi gatﬁter was fairly on his feet again.
 wt'th,ttt. wounded hand? He

  

  the door,»  and locking
hi  chair he had formerly

_  as if tlieff 33‘? bcenaio interruption."

to _ I chant‘ z1'm;”anct if that to-
nuhe, moves ‘beige: .1   hitnl"

   

F t t *53e”.b€:t‘=§v¢<l  “*9 =9?“
I 4   1;ﬂiit,e‘i.‘»‘ati1d_‘out at

   
 
     
    
 
    
 
       

 

  

‘ .

/
NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 5,Fhe.cO.ﬂaequcnce of this was that the man was hurled >

thaliring’ found him seated in a room in the hotel where
V‘.   way across the room, and as the —

 resmned  of his wounded hand‘

’ the mauvmight have charged Nick much
lthanithe detective could charge him. "  ' " 

   5°  3*‘?  ‘
a tame  um’ 0‘  3"“ hm ﬂu . ‘made a chargeagainst any person ‘he not only spoke.thtg< -

} and so he told the oﬁicers simply totake ‘him to the _

 “And I want it least two oi you to tﬂke him"thet_'e
1   “I know ‘him. He is -a" slippery individual.
_l1,it3‘§W5li"‘8¢.t way stmm youif he has haltga 
‘wsnti*hlih;to get away ii-‘p1’€43¢I‘l‘|I,‘:el‘l‘.i$‘¢Y1".«‘ 
. v3ti1*:hat't_e ,tofc1nlHu’s ..t‘.-mt to intend to examine _. » «
"his as sooniasit eanbe done." V-T  3 5 I

float ta 

 

 

" The man bowed his head and smiled mockingly, at t'.;c
same time nursing his’ hand.

“Who was that other man?” demanded Nick.

Again the mocking smile; hut no further reply than ,3.
that. _ V ,‘

“Anyhow,” said Nick, “I’ll soon put you where you. 7
will be/harmless for a time,” and he crossed the room 
toward the telephone.

 ~_...t.«-;t J.a'.§~i*.. ..‘- 1‘ ._.=:'-.‘_'-.‘.-a..>tte.‘l

   
  
    
        
    
       
     
    
     
  
    
     
     
  

CHAPTER XII.

‘ . THE cam-one or ZANABAYAH. 

Nick’s telephone message to the office of the 
resulted in the presence in that room very soon after it I
of three hig uniformed policemen and two of the hotel  i
tectives; for Nick.realized that he had no serious charge-
to. make ‘against the-man in the cot-ner—-—not one that
uipuld hold water under the law, save the simple one-of

  
  

    
   
 

did not belong. _
I He ‘could be locked up only as a suspicious persogtr
that was all. A

I Nick ’COi.lld not even say that the man had attackh‘
him, for hejhad not done so. Indeed, if the truthvbe told,

  

  

But thereyfvas Nick’s reputation among alliﬁetg‘ if ‘I
It waaf'_.k'nolwn that {he did nothing idly; that if

  

truth._ but that he also had‘ good reasoirfor  it

       
   

tier»-house, and to lock hitnup ass suspicious personend ,
to hold hini until further orders. * I 3 ‘

  

  
   
   
    
    
   
  
  
 
   
    
   
  
  
  
   
  
 
   
   
 
    
   
 
  
 
  
 
     

dalfter the man had been led away by the ofﬁcers
— .. ~c over to the window and remained there, lost
_ught, until Peter, the porter, touched him lightly on
‘H v lder and wanted to know what he should do with
iehild, . . .
child, strange to say, had taken the rough-house
through which he had just passed as indifferently
? 11 he were accustomed to them; but now, as the
we turned, it stretched out its hands to be taken,
was soon nestling on Nick's shoulder as contentedly
, r- 'ble. 7 ' ,

 gave some orde/is to Peter about thhproper dis-
_._of the baggage; and then, with the child in his
liéleft the hotel and“ hurried to his own home."

has he hurried along the street he became more
more anxious. He could not explain to his own
‘i the apparition of that than in the ‘com-—the
W€h0—h3_.€I.8CeIl"l€d to be Starbiick. 9, 9 ‘
all  szuncanny, impossible, unheard-of situa-
, .t I have ever known or imagined, those of to-«day
J,” he muttered to himself; as heascendecl thepsteps
 hjonselandcnodded rather curtly to Patsy, who

 outside for the time being.

 he asked.
‘ V’ “has  on the rampage since you went,
mwhow he did it, but he made his escape,
15;;  Nick almost, shouted; f I
am’; know how he did, it: 3 I was out here;
 myﬁtecth and nnolring and thinking
 -when up walks Mrs Stsrbucka as
p‘leiase,‘_and say: he,.;as genialgas ever he spoke
J '  ' V “where is lie; now ?"

‘ . in I lg: him’

 he would have passed inside Patsy called

thecot 3 ‘ d’

NEW NICPK CARTAER WEEKLY; 2,-

And Patsy, still agape at the unmeritd calling-down he
had received, took the child in silence, while Nick pro-
duced his latch—key and entered through the door, closing
it after him. Q

“That was Starbuck’s double,” he was thinking to him-
self. T“What does it all mean 3*”

- He was not long to remain in doubt, for as he stepped
into the hall, which was somewhat dark after the brilliant
sunlit street, he stumbled over something that was lying
on the ﬂoor, and he saw that it was Joseph who was lying
there, writhing and gasping.

A glance told him that Joseph was not wounded, and
that he was more angry than hurt; and then the valet
gasped out: i P ' b

“He shocked me, sir! It was like a galvanic battery
only it was much stronger.” J

Nick waited to hear no more, but leaving Joseph to

recover as best he could, he leaped forward and dashed up
the stairs. ‘

“Chick and Ten—Ichi should be here somewhere—-' 
unless that ﬁend has served them as he did Joseph 2” was

his thought. J A

At the top of the first landing he found Chick; and the
chief assistant was stretched out upon the floor, uneon~
seious. But he was breathing, and Nick knew from the
rigidity of his positiog that he, too, had been shocked by

‘ that unknown power which Zanabayah called the vitic

force. , _

The detective was prepared now for almost any dis-
covery ; but his one thought amid it all was that the man
was still inside the house; that he had not left it; that

‘he must encounter ‘him soon; and that he could not

escape, at least without undergoing that encounter.

Arid Nick's anger was aroused for once.

A: thetop ‘of the house; in the hall between the land-
ing of the stairway and the front of the building, a
strange sightbronght? him to a halt. P

, rue’ ot»:he_iw,:lde¢ room, which tm located in '

the middle fore  as open. Through it Nick
cpnld seetha  was tinsel! stretched out upon

 twoihours before; a_nd;thatt

   

 

Beyondhim, onla chair in the corner of the room,
Idayalt was seated. her eyes staring straight ahead of
her. and looking exactly as she had looked in her room
iIA!*tlleihotel‘wl1_en she had herself brought about her own
 by theuse of a needle tipped with some drug
she knew. A M l 

' ‘  her, resting easily upon another chair, was Doctor
 also-lboking ahead of him with ‘staring eyes that
- aav‘:rnothing,,and Nick realized that he also had been ren-
  llelpless for the moment.

_ _ V H y"But thitfwas not all.‘_
r 3.1:" ‘wa’..:1'en-Icw.;’ ] 

JSt_arbuck’s  was standing with his back toward
.Nlick:hCarter and had not heard his approach; had no
pideaffthatrhe was about to be interrupted; moreover, he
 to have no knowledge of thepresence of Ten-
 norljhad Ten-Ichi heard the approach of the de-

There was another ﬁgure still.

   
   
      
 

  

  
    
        
  

 forward nearer tothe scenegwatching nar-
. wlyiwhat was happening. and prepared to interfere at
For iTénJ-chi. whojhaécl  the conse-

  

  

    

 ' eh nag semi-ribly alfes:t_ed_the others, tmemping
3 .2  that use "jcl:ed‘th_e  and
 slowly , but is V’ 4. and‘ closer/to-e

3 the‘  any  wfa‘; fturnedl toward him

‘ when;  W l

    ten-Ichi

amiafnid _<'>£”5:-!u   gait»;

   

   

..   

l NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 thedladl was  soinething,“nevertheless, and

‘ quietlyi, “Now he cannot breathe. In less than tltr,

 ‘#5  dovble. 6f,7lSfarbt*¢'< .

¥“Yes.” l

' lquartcrs  placed‘ in solitary conﬁnement. with M 1
men to guard him; and one of those three was 'i‘.en-I,

3 s  « 1   ..reac‘hed_ the f
" back to his senses, and the others, who had been 
. V’ ‘;«=(l:.y that yitic force, shortly recovered and were as vi
" l ' ever; and at the police-station. to which the  
‘jt~:i;ier',ri‘a“l:u1 been taken, Zanabayah’s -assisun:<uiit_'; 

 
   
   
    
  
   
       
   
       

And then Nick realized that Ten-Ichi was tightening
his muscles ready for the leap.

And then he made it. _

The transition from inaction to violent motion was as .
startling as it was real. ‘

T en—lchi alighted fairly upon the shoulders of the man.
His lithe arms hooked about the fe1low’s neck. His wiry
legs wound around him and pressed into him like the Z5
hugging of a bear; and he worked himself around almost 
instantly, so that somehow he got his crooked elbow’ l
underneath the chin of the man, and then he bent his
head backwdrd and still backward until" it seemed as it
his spine must snap where it was jointed at the nape of
the neck. , ,‘

There was a gurgling cry from the man who was
attacked. For one instant only he struggled—-—an‘d their
he collapsed upon the floor in a heap, and Ten-Ichi slowly‘:
rose~to hﬁ feet and looked down uponhirn with lofty .
disdain. _ " ' M

 He turned quietly then to Nick; for it appeared that
e  been conscious of the detective’s presence. 7.
’ xjfr have given him the Sarnauri strangle,” he 

  

    
    

minutes he will be dead. Shall I save his life?” M ‘V

For just one instant only Nick hesitated. Who 
blame himvfor that, since he had‘ in mind only the we
fare ofldayah and her child? But then he 

    
  
      
 
 
         
     

  

Anhour" later Zanabayah was taken to‘ police 

  

byhis Own request. ' A . y 2 ~ . _
And up at Nick Carter's house Starbuck wasilfr‘. ‘

   
    
      
   
     
   

     

  

   

lhi:w‘oru;di=in,aoiima¢.,.    ~ _ p ,
 " naliayah Nick 'rnade,Wthe“charge ofa  ..
 lnglthatthe “could it‘; aud'hef___
e hé'returned,toi_th¢  _ 9  I
years in‘ axi*lAmeric5§_  willidt) 
H ' at“

  
    

  
  
 

 

  

ihe Nick Carterweekly

‘ZLUED EVERY SATURDAY.

   
  
   
  
  

vo
'au~

with all kinds of criminals.

v No.3’. ' ,

That's why, boys, his adventures holds one’s interest from cover

cover. There is no brutality in Nick’s make-up——he does not need it
uses his Wits. Do not fail to get the latest number from your

HANDSOMEST OOLORED COVERS

” No other detective ‘library contains stories that are ‘ half so inter-~
Nick Carter has been all over the world and  had experi-

Paflos FIVE CENTS PER copv

y_ sale by all nawsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address ‘upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

 
   
  
   
   
  
 

HERE ARE THE y

 Last of the Outlaws; or, How Nick Carter
Stopped the “Cannon-ball.” .

k Carter's Twin‘MySte,fy; or, The Secret of the

Green Automobile. _ A '

, Battle of Wits; or. N xck Carter’s Fight for Life.

A Gamerof Five Millions: 01'. Nick Carter's Fight

' .With, a Fiend.

the Poisoner; or,

Ex riencc. _

The ot of the Poisoner; or, .Nick Carter's Hair-

v.j~ breadth Escape: -

Mechanical Giant; or, Ten-Ichi Plays a Loner

Hand. ‘ '
R the Unknown; or, Nick Carter-‘s Blindfold

Myster» .

Dangerous Woman; or, N1ck*Cartcr Faces a

.r'i C . . . ‘ ‘

"“’ ‘ ':es‘sMorley’s Ghost: or. Nick Carter’s Des-L

petate Fight. _ ' . A

Antomobiie Mystery; or, Nick Carters Blood-

hound on the Scent-

Mystcrious Strahgﬂ

 ‘of a Woman; or, Nick Carter's

as Desperate Chase. V

 j.- ‘,.«Man in the Doorway

' : uestfof a_Cast1e.
l}!ot»oi~‘the Baron; of.

Nick Cartcr,’s Stmngest

Ongk

 
     
  
    
  
  
     
   
    
   
   

; or,’ Nick Carter's Com-

;!or,n Nick Carterls Con-V
-Niék Cartci’s Telling
’ Night Local; or. Nick

, V V
Cari
» s

  
   
  
  

 Peeiect Disguise V as " ‘ 1

 

LATEST TITLES:

526--A Double Mystery; 0:, Nick Ca:-ter’s Strong-hand

- Play. at
527-—Clarice, the Countess; or,
» . ‘ boat Chase. R

528—Clarice, the Woman Detective; or, Nick Carter's

Titled Assistant.
529——The Index of Seven Stars;
the Hidden City.
530-—An Amazonian Queen; or,

Gladiator.

531--A Blackmailer's Paradise; or, Nick Carter Dis-

covers the Hidden Hand.

532—Gipsy Madge. the Blackmailer; or, Nick Carter's

First~class Bluﬁ.

533-—Facing an Unseen Terror; or, Nick Carter’s Day

of Blunders.

534--Idayahythe Woman of Mystery; or. Nick Carter's
‘ l

Fourfold Problem.

535—The Making of a King; or, Nick Carter Faces His

. Greatest Mystery.

Nick Carter's Motor-

or, Nick Carter Finds

Nick Carter Becomes a

536——The Empire of 3 Goddess; or, Nick. Carter’; Won-

derful Adventure.
537-—Zanabayah, the Terrible: or,
gle With the Vitic King.

Nick Carter's Strug.

53i8--The Seven-headed Monster; or, Nick Carter's Mid-

night Caller.

539-The Woman ofthe Mask; or, Nick Carter’: Quad-

ruple Mystery.

54o-—-The Masked Woman’s Darin
’ ter Springs 2. Surprise.

’   PoI_u¢¢.I*8m9I taken the  canons?-

g Plot; or, Nick Car-

 _|_l_|AlV|0ND DICK WEE|(l.Y_

ISSUED EVERY THURSDAY. BEAUTIFUL COLORED COVERS ‘

A Diamond Dick and his son, Bertie, are true men of the Western
plains. . They are noble:-hearted fellows who don't impose on the weaker V
manand who don't let anyone else do it if they can help it. a

You ought to read how they clean up a mining camp of the dis-
honest gamblers and other toughs who usually prey on the uneducated at

miners. T . ‘ W T
PRICE FIVE GENTS PER COPY
-‘ For sale by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps
 

X HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES:

517--Diamond Dick's Ghostly Round-up; or, The Phan- 534-—-—Diamond Dick’s Night Ride; or, The Worth of a 
‘* tom Steer of K-Bar-6. ’ , Thoroughbred Pard. T5
518—Diamond Dick’s Big Drive; or, Holding Them 535———Diamond Dick on an Indian Trail; or, The \'enge- 
Down in a Blizzard. ~ ance of a Navaho. >3
5:9-Diamond Dick's Trail of Vengeapice; or, Tracked 536-—Diamond Dick in Arizona; or, The Foolhardy 5

o to the Rio Grande. Sport of Grand Canon. .
530-Diamond Dick Holds the Fort; or, Hot“ Work 537——Diamond Dick Over the Rio Grande; or, A Hunt ‘_

   
   
 
 
 
 
 
  

Along the Big River. for a Girl Through Mexico. .
52!--Diamond Dick's Steel Glove; or, The Smiling Man 5 38-—Diamond Dick's Shower of Gold; or, The Princess ‘
From Santa Fé. , of the Montezumas. rt
S33—Di3m0Yld Dl¢k’S N0-name Mystery: Of, The Smi- 539-—Diamond Dick Below the Line: or, An American 
_ ling Man's Bad Mistake. Against Big Odds. I L 
523-——Diamond Dick’s Midnight Stampede; or, The 54o——Diamond Dick on Shipboard; or, Blocking a Slick -I
Horse-thieves of the Cimarron. Game. T 
524-Diamond Dick's Forlorn Hope; or, The Siege of 54I——Diamond Dick’s Wide Loop; or, Roping Five at 
Adobe Castle. ' One Throw. Q
525-'vDiamond Dick's Night Watch; or, The Pretty Girl 542--Diamond Dick's Royal Foe; or, The Strange Pas- gs
" Ivof Falling‘ Rock. sage of the Santa C rus. 
536——Di'amond Dick's Three To One: 0!’, Backed By 543-—Diamond Dick’s College Scrap; or, A Battle For 1
Uncle Sam. His Alma Mater. 
537-Diamond Dick's Golden Quest; or, The Secret of ~544-——Diamond Dick in the Deep Snows; or. A Close 3:,
Snake River. Call on the Yukon. ‘

_5ﬁ...Diamond Dick’s Long Leap; or, Single-handed 545-——Diamond Dick’s Merciless Trail; or, The Two Ras- ».:
inst a Giant. b cals of White Horse. _ _ ..:
‘[Q—Diarnond Dick's Heiress Hunt; or, A Dash 546--Diamond Dick’s Steel Heart; 0!‘. The Fire Tram I

Through the Big Divide. of the Sierras. . . ..
.530--Diamond Dick at the Throttle; or, The Ghostly 547—Diamond Dicl<’s Inferno; or, The Madman of the I
Headlight of Hoodoo Pass. '5’ Gfeat Black T11Ym€l- 

"53!-—Diatnond Dick's Hobo Trail; or/(T he Man with 548—Diamond Dick's Bad Smash; oil, The New Opera- 5
the Long Blue Scar. . tor at Yuba Pass. 
532-Diamond Dick's Black Sign ;’o , Agstrange Battle 549——Diamond Dick’s Deadly Snowball; or, Tooth and .3

4; T with a Dad Man, Nail on Black Butte. . I 3.;
”3.—.Diamond Dick’; Queer Rebuke; or, Giving a. Les- 5 50-—Diamond Dick, Editor; or, A Rattling Surprise for 

“ . son to 3 “Bad Mon." ' T g Lame Dog. . 1.;

, _ p » _ A /; ‘ V.
  T T If you want any Back numbers of our-Jibraries and cannot procure them from your new 
» dealers, they can be obtained from this oﬂice direct. Postage stamps taken the same as money. 3

  a sum. Publishers. 79 Seventh Avenue. NEW vomc cmgi

  
 

   
 
 
  
   
   
    
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
 

. -I-I-I-I-I-I | I

L ‘H 3100 in Gold Awarded tor the Best Letters
  ' from Readers 01

ROUGH RIDER WEEKLY

 = “ Every One of the 50,000 boys who read the excellent stories of Western
. J V ' adventure published in the Rough Rider Weekly, has some special reason
I‘  for liking them. Now, we intend to make it worth the while of every boy to
 ’ tell us just what he thinks about the Rough Rider Weekly and hereby offer

* yaluable prizes to those who write us the best ‘ letters regarding the stories
themselves; how you may have worked to increase their circulation or what
you know about the fascinating life of the modern ranchman, so ably de-
scribed by our cowboy author. Mr. Ned Taylor. This competition is open
freely to all who may desire to enter it, without charge or consideration of
any kind. it is not necessary . for competitors to be subscribers for Rough

Rider in order to be eligible to compete.

R Every contestant who does not winlone oi the cash prizes
will receive a consolation prize.

 The first competition opened October lst, l906, and closes April lst,
I ‘ I907, when a second ‘contest will begin. The prize winners will be listed
 in April so that every one who reads the Rough Rider Weekly may know

‘ "L 0 who has won. Here are the prizes: t

$20.0'0‘*in Gold for the Best Letter.

$10.00 in Gold for Each of the Three Next Best Letters.
$5.00 in Gold for Each of the Six Next Best Letters.
$2.00 in Gold for Each of the Ten Next Best Letters. I

The letters should not be longer tlmn 250 words ‘rid should be plainly addressed to Ms -
age: of Rough Rider Lxtter Competition, care of Street 8: Smith. Now. boys. jump right in
‘ﬁldmlkeaneﬁort towina¢_85bP“1°-

 & sMm1._ Publishers. Ni.-zw YORK

 

R mm LETTER 

zeeezzeeseeé

  
  

. aaaasaseeaessaaeaasaeaa

‘.9!

  

V’

   

  

  THE TIP TOP WEEKLY

ESUED EVERY FRIDAY

‘Never has Burt L. Standish written such interesting tales of the 
adventures of the Merriwell brothers, Frank and Dick, as are now 
ing in this weekly. Mr. Standish has a world-wide circle of friends and 3
he is putting forth his best efforts toﬂmuse and entertain them. Boys, ?
you have no idea of what a grand feast he is ' preparing for you.
Top's stories are going to astonish you. Do not fail to buy this library:;;

PRICEFIVE GEN‘/l'S PER COPY

For sale by all nemdealers; or sent, postpaid, by the publishers upon receipt of price in money or postage stamp;

C

 

HANDSOIVIE COLORED covensg

Tip

3

$39--Dick Merriwell’s Check; or, The Hot Bunch F rom
Happy Camp.

54o—Dic,l§‘ Mer_riwell‘s Sacriﬁce; or, Team Work That

old. .

541-—-Dick Merriwell's Heart; or, Breaking the Hard
Luck Streak. ,

542-—-Frank Merriwell's New Auto; or, The Lure to
Destruction.

543--Frank Merriwell’s Pride; or, The Double-Header

at Pineville.
544-Frank Merriwell’s Young Winners; -or, The Stars
' in the Blue Hills.
545--Dick Merriwell’s Lead; or, Bound to Hold First
Place.
546-Dick Merriwell‘: Inﬂuence ; or, On the Right Road
“‘ At Last.
547-—-Dick Merriwell’s Top Notch; or,aAgalnst Odds.
, Fate, and Scheming.
548——-Frank Merriwell’s Kids; or, The World Beaters In
New York.
549-—Frank Merriwell's Kodakers; or, Hunting Big
Game Without Guns.
550-—-‘Dick Merriwell, Freshman; or. First Days at Yale.

551-Dick Merriwell’: Brogress; or, The First Chance ‘

on the Field. . V
553-—Dielr Merriwell. Half-back; or, Getting into the
» , Game at Last. . . '

‘553—-Dick Merriwv.-ll’s Resentment; or, In Defense of
‘ I-Tis Honor. «

554-——Diek Merriwell Repaid; or. The Heart of_ Ofﬁcer
. Malone» - '

I

T i_ lfyotivantanybaeknumlmnofooclibruiciand
 jilnllheoﬁtaiaeifmmthiioifieetfireet. Postagertamps taken the sameasmoney.

T r  SMITH. Publishers, 79 Seventh Avenue. NEW YORK CITY.

 

HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES:  ~ 

‘i

555—Dick l\‘Ierriwell's Staying Power; or, The Great i
Game at New Haven. V;
556-—Dick Merriwell’s “Push”; or, The Victim of the fj
"Flying Mare.” . 
557——IPi'ck Mei-riwell’s Running; or, The Meet at Me- 1
‘ 1 chanics’ Hall. f
558—Dick Merriwell’s Joke; or, Fun with the Jumping 7
Frenchman. A
559-Dick Merriwell’s Seven; or, The Scrub ‘That Made
the Regulars “Go Some.” T
560--Dick Merriwell’s Partner; or, The Boy from ‘A
Texas. ;T
56I—Dick Merriwell in the Tank; or, Rushing the Regu— I
lars at Water Polo. ;
562—Frank Merriwell's Captive; or, The Folly of Ches- 

   
  
   
  
  
  
   
 
  

ter Arlington. :
563—Fra1r;k lMerriwell’s Trailing; or, The Flight of 3 
oo. '~ 
564-Frank Merriwe1l’s Talisman; or, The Charm of 
Cocheta. . 
565,-Frank Merriwell’s Horse; or, The Boy Who u.
z Would Be Bad. 
566-—Frank Merriwell's Intrusion: or, Warner, the Man»
Who Won. ‘
567-—Frank Merriwel1’s Bluﬂ‘: or, The Lost Senorita of .‘
Sonora. '
568—DicIl<< Merriwell’s Regret; or, The Friend He Never
new.
569-—Dick Merriwell‘s Silent Work; or. A Helping‘
Hand for a Foe. ’

cannot procure them from your newsdealiea; 

   THE FAVORITE LIST

OF FIVE-CENT LIBRAQRIES

    

 
 

Nick Carter Weekly

We know, boys, that there is no need of introducing to
you Nicholas Carter, the greatest detective that ever
lived. Every number containing the adventures of Nick
Carter has a peculiar, but delightful power of fascination.

      
 

" <7/49$:-:<s-"\s§'Ftt43.ae‘:'~'Si.-’ Ei‘a.&G's: *1?-t.

    
  

    
  

RIDER WEEKLY BRAVE AND BOLD
Ted Strong was appointed deputy mar- - Every boy who prefers variet‘,

shal by accident, but‘ he resolves to use his , _ _
authority and rid his ranch of some very in his reading matters Ought 10 s

‘ tough bullies. He does it in such a slick -be 3 reader of Brave and Bo]d_

way that everyone calls him “King of the . _ 
Wm Wes... and he certainly deserves his All these were written by authors I ., ‘

title. $iooin cash are given to the readers who are past masters in the art
°f ‘his P“b"“‘l°"» of telling boys’ stories. Every

 «Buy a copy and learn how to come in for a , _
A share of it. tale .s complete in itself.

DIAMOND DICK W

These are stories of the adven- The demand for stirring stories
tures of boys who succeeded in of Western adventure is admir-
climbing the ladder of fame by ably ﬁlled by this library. Every 
honest effort. No more inter- up-to—date boy ought to read just  M
esting tales can be imagined. how law and order are e'stal~- 
Each number is at least one-third. lished and maintained on our ‘
longer than the ordinary ﬁve- Western plains by Diamond Dick.
‘cent library. Bertie, and Handsome Harry.

BUFFALO BILL STORIES BOWERY BOY L1

The ad entur sofa or 1'!’
Buffalo Bill is the hero of a whose Ogly mime is Pi0B0v:,:.,l.1\,

thousand exciting adventures Billy." Billy is the true product

among the Redskins. These are 0f the Streets Of New Y°'k- N0
boy can read the tales of his trials

 given to our boyé only in the without imbibing some of that --4.
Buffalo Bill 5t0l'l¢S- T'h¢Y are resource and courage that makes  ’

bound to inter-est and please you, the character ofthis homeless boy  y
stand out so prominently. 

 
    

  
     
    
    
 
    
     
    
      
      

 
 

  
        
       
        
    

     

     
       
      
   
    
      

 
 
  

   

The Tip Top Weekly

Frank Merriwell and hisbrother Uick are known and loved by over one
hundred and fifty thousand of the best boys in the United States. They are
}both clean-cut, vigorous fellows who dare to do right no matter what the
consequences. Get the current number. We are sure you will like it.

 
      

 
 

