BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
No. 988 SEPTEBFR 5'; ‘924 Price 8 Cents

numnun cur nuuun;  .
DR,THE BUY Bnnmzns arwAu; STREET.LF }

"now much I this tech?" uh Kr. Benson. holding the package above his his “I'll give
ninety,“ aid White. "Nine-one!" bid Hammond. " "Two!" from White. "Three!" shouted
es» ‘ﬁg; acgggodu. ‘Ti 1" qua White, ooony. ‘rho syo¢tgt:n,ho,1d choir hgogtb

      
 

\

 hlre You A Radio Fan?

Read Pages 24 and 25

  
 
  
  
  
   
 
   
    
     
  
      
    
     
    
     
 

war no treet. New York, N. Y.

.-_r ’
~'No. 988

. ‘ 7 ‘ I

CHAPTER I.;Jay White.

':A bri ht -new ﬁve-dollar coin lay in the center
~ .  ‘d i th B Build-
 §ii:ni'i:)Irn(ing :fhou%l;nt‘i‘a1rlino’clock.
Ah'ad“been there onl a few minutes, and was
" likely to escape t e observation of the ﬁrst
1; who came on the scene. Two doors on
-. sides of the corrtildor fﬁced thlaéttwgggd
which reposed exac y mi -way II
\§l‘he doors on the ﬂoor, being i_nade of
-.. oak, in the upper half of which was
...  3 large pane of ground glass. On one
«{3}; was was painted in gilt letters the
, 3’ £Jay. White, Stocks and Bonds. Gold-
. lining Securities a Specialty.”

the other, Iiin gilt l‘¢i:tteé':‘,)c11’v(0s<>. gas téioemlg

"33 n , u
.. Mi?-i¥;g Saercnuxiiioties a Specialty." There
not a smilin sight when both doors opened
tgneoosly and two z:-imall bog. ea€h_ht<;ld1!}l18'
envelope in his han. POPP 9“ "1_ 9
r. Each of the lads was gifted _with_ a
. . y keen pair ofeyes ._and the gllttermﬁ
‘M’ ‘if-”°"‘i°“ EH23 “‘i‘§sS"a‘c*
orw pos .
 g§ ahﬁéﬁes were within an inch
T ptiu when their heads came together with
creates“: *°**:.*°.::°*;:.:.z.:=’ .::::::

em s own
mf3oi.i:3.i° ii1;trtle1g !:'ite’1')you‘.”’ howled Teddy
J ites 0 cc oy. _ . _

8 gmager wit’ yourself?” replied Mickey

mo animond’s factotum.
Y

   
  

  

  

  

    

  
 

ab f ' th coin.
no.1 S00: i1'§id§r§::i"said "r'ead§. as each
- rs on 0 ‘site edK¢8 Of the 801‘! Piece».
, ' !” replied Mickey. “I seen it ﬂrst
g ‘ .

  

  

(resisted.

‘ ind, se'fyoudon’f¢%k¢*
0; gm  in-ted ready. be-
.;aon*t,tfisk'i".  mcke:.-.de-

   

  
 

FAME AND FORTUNE

,  veekl!—8iihscr!£tion ‘price. $4.00 per re-I’: Cnmdm 34-503 1"‘°"°'!"- *5-°“

, . Vqécg,
‘ .y 0 ' V;
T  Diamond Cut Diandq
OR, THE BOY  OF  STREET ‘Z’-oégp 95

By A SELF-MADE MAN

-"93.‘-‘gr
*  ‘ tm;,_:ie3d. the .Itiff.l’§

LY

uhlisher. Inc.. 160

Entered us Second-Class Matte It
the Post-Omce at New York. he. Y.._ under the Act of Me I /’

   

I
‘V
\.’’a‘.

letter, and Mickey countered with his disengaged
hand, but neither let go his hold on the coin.
Matters were practically at a dead-lock between
them. Neither wanted the other to get the best
of him. It was a point of honor with them to
try and do each other up whenever they came in
collison, just as their eighteen-year—old bosses,

. who were known as theﬂboy brokers of Wall

Street, left no stones unturned in their efforts
to score a point on his business rival across the
corridor. At this moment a third boy a peered
on the scene. He was a tall, red—l1eade<i) youth,
named Finnegan, whose cap and uniform showed
that-he was an A. D. T. messenger.

The only point on which i-’I‘edd'y and Mickey
were of one mind was their hatred for Finne- ‘
gan. The A. D. T. messenger was something of
a bully, and he delighted in lording_it over boys
smaller and weaker than himself. He had put -
it all over Teddy and Mickey on different oc-
casions when he met them singly, for, individu-
ally, though spunky, they were no match for him.
As Finnegan came up he spied‘ the bone of con-
tention-—the ﬁve-dollar piece, and his eyes twin-
kled maliciously. He saw a chance to improve
his financial condition.

“Wot you two doin’ there eh?” he inqui
with a sardonic grin. . “Fight n’ over dot money.
Get up and have it out, and I'll hold de stakes.”

“-He _swooped.down, pulled their ﬁngers from
the coin and icked it up. ,

“So long, I’! see youse later!” he chuckled as

hie; slipped it‘ into his pocket and started to walk

o .

“Here, drop datl" roared Tedd and Mikey
in one breath, scrambling to their eet and grab»
hing Finnegan by each of his arms.

“I've dropped it-—into me pocket,” replied the «~ ~ “

messenger, with a cunning leer. »

“Give it up, do yer hear?” demanded  .
tugging at his arm. ‘

“Hand it over!" roared Teddy. giviiu his other
arm a pull. . ~

“G’wan or I'll kick do stiiﬂn’ out of
two!” snii-led Finnegan, tryxngto

   

    

»...i’.$,

can kick as stiiﬂin’_'cnt otnot'in',’yoe_hi§i,‘

FEB 2 0 292

I

\

 

cw;

,3;
,

 

 

 

 

 

  

 
 

   
       
       

 

       
     
           
      

 

 

   

   
 

  

  

 

“Let go of me arms, will yer?" exclaimed the .

messenger, snatching] his haad afway from Teddy
th ' ' b t is ace. /

“Tad? diildliltgcli ?ind:'“t'adkling Finnegan around
the knee§.Iti1"ipped him up. _ He {fell with a crash,

ulling ic ey down on top 0 im.

P “Hold him till I_ go t’rough his pocket!" shout-

ed Teddy. straddling the lanky messenger.‘

“Let me up!’ roared Finnegan, as Mickey
threw  vfhoile weitghtk :)n his chest. th H

“ ;' , on’t 'in ." enswere e sma
youthv leis his companion deftly thrust his ﬁn-
gers into the messenger's/pocket and drew out
th h if le.

?‘I’vae g-digit!” cried Teddy, triumphantly. “Beat
it,_Mickey! We'll divvy up when We get It
changed.” _

The two o“‘ce boijs sprang to their feet and
sciﬁrriedthfor tlie staigs, dlown W%l‘lCl'l they . ev:
' ‘ c 5 a a eap. innegan, in
Eridgs rdgg, sattlempted to follow them, but he
had as much chance of catching them as he had
of ﬂying. Hardly had the boys disappeared be-
fore two weil—known brokers, one short and stout,
the other tall and thin, got out of the elevator
at that ﬁ0')]'. They came along the fco‘rVi'1i'1dor unti
til »-they halted ‘between the oﬂices o ite an
Hammond. - - _

“Here's where the boy brokers hang out." said
the fat man. _

‘ "I don't see that it makes any difference." re-

plied his companion. “All ﬂeece looks alike to
me. I don't care which we shear first.”

“Then we'll call on Jay White. If he doesn't
lflte wae Icin traililsfer ourhattentionﬂto ﬁammond.
‘ ow muc money ey ave.”

ylsheardrtelxt White had an aunt who left him
her boodle. ‘When he got hold of it he left

Switzeié &hCo., vigfhere he was margin clerk, and

get imse .’,’ \

“dilildodolr It's up to us‘ to sample that boodle
slfefoie somgbodylflse getsvtheir ﬂukes in. Know
0 in: a ou _ am_mon __.” 

Not much,” replied his companion. “I be-
liiirehhe got  ’ela§>iti:l ogttgf, his father’s estate.
wic wasse e as rnn .’

“So long as they've got money it doesn't in-
terest us how they came by it.” _ ,

The stout broker knocked at Jay White s door.
». “Come ini" cried a snappy voice. .

., The brokers accordingly entered what evident-
ly was. the reception-room. It was furnished
with a rug, a/table, half 9. _dozen leather up-
holstered chairs, an. ingicitgtr in 021:: cgrnvtvar, and

mbetotmapsanp ograp o esm
:1i:‘i1ng pro rties. The door connecting with the

’ te o ce was open, and the visitors saw a
V sugd shgewii-looking boy of eighteen
03”“ 5 1 7° 9 es ’ . . .

4, “X531,” gentlemen, step right 111." slid the lad.

-y. ,' .

'.:“,Am‘I addressing Mr. Jay White?” asked the‘
 man. as tbeyentered the ‘inner olﬁce.
I  ‘ ante sir.”

 “Glad 3: k’::Jwnym,'ur. White," said the brok-

-q- “My name is Chadsey; Nicholas Cliadsgy I
 . bggkgr, with oﬁioes -in the mug Bull ng.”

, , ’to_%:e our‘acquaintance._‘Mr. Chad.
'  lied ‘ ahaleinth 138.. 31 him-
__ Teyie-¥\K'r...II"o‘d" . alllrokowl '

D’ .’-' ‘I’: V_ 3

I

  
 

in

5"." "

~.

“Which one shall we tackle ﬁrst?" '

. ask him.”

 

Cl
2 n A’ T ‘DIAMOND our ‘DIAMOND ' ’ ‘ l,

“Pleased to know you, Mr. Hedden.” 

“The pleasure is mutual," replied the thin “
broker, also shaking hands with the _boy. _. 
“Now. ventlemen, what can I do for you?" in- '
quired White. , ,
“You deal in Western mining stocks"! be-'
lieve?” said Mr. Chadsey.
“I do.” . —i
“Buying any of that kind of stock at present?” *'l
“That depends.” ‘ .1

“On what?" .1 '

“The quality of the article. I am not loading 1
upon prospects and wild-cats, but any good :
digidend-paying stock I am always ready to con-f
si er.

“Hum! Yes, of course. Well, I've got a block» ;
of Atalanta, a Goldﬁeld mine of some merit. I 
understand. I'd like to sell you 10,000 shares at 3
ten cents.” " "

White shook his head. ' "

“That stock isn’t worth the paper it's printed "
on,"-he said."

“Who says so?” ﬂared up Mr. Chadsey. ‘_

“I sav so.” 

“Perhaps you'll give me your reason," said the 7‘
broker, with a slight sneer. _ it 3

“Certainly,” replied the boy, politely. “Abel ’
alanta petered out unexpectedly a couple of years
ago and’ was taken off the Western exclian .
soon afterward. It has no speculative v _
whatever to-day.” ‘V «;

Mr. Chadsey looked disappointed. Not because .‘
he had learned something he didn't know befare,'a
but because the boy broker was evidently betberg
posted than he expected.” . 

“.Then I can't do any business with you?"“h
said. regretfully. "“"'

“"ot with Atalanta.” . , *4

‘ "vs a block of Big Extension,” interjectoﬂ
.‘~ -ldcn. “I’ve 2'01: 20.000 I'd like to sell for,
five cents a share/’D . ' 
_‘_‘Nothin_'g doing,” answered White,‘ with a sligﬁt,
grin. “Big Extension went up Sa t Creek‘ fmiff
years ago and hasn't been heard of since." ~ -' ~‘

“Why. I gave seven cents for that stock," pro» .
tested the tall broker.  ..’ 

“That's about all it's worth,” replied White?

“I mean seven cents a share." ' 7"’:

“%h,i Then you gave seven cents a share too’
H1110 . , ’ - V‘

Mr. Hedden looked at Mr. Chedsey, ;nd.t]{g'=:':
fat broker returned the look. It was clear 
ﬁver]: not making much progress with the 

ro er. \ , ,. ;*

“You don’t want to buy it, then!” i  ‘-

“Har¢_ily," laughed ‘White. “My waste-paper
basket is prett full already." , v ;— :,

“Do you thin Hammond would buy the - - '— ,

"I cannot answer for Mr. Hammond,"l1o --

White» “The best way for you to ﬁnd  gs‘

 
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
       
  
   

:-

 

    
    
   
   
   
   
    
  
   
    

   

   
      
       
  
     
    

  

“Can ‘you furnish me with a list of WM
stocks you have for sale?" asked Kr. - s - 

“Cer_tai_nly." replied" White, handing ﬂue v
a tten paper. ' ~ .

‘ ’ see you are sellin p
are not buying thm,”g I
sarcastieally. ' , V .' ',
" “Why, not?” replied  ‘
commissions sentltonuiy)  for;
thin yoiiseeon tliatgpspsr iglistlsf

o

  

 
  
   

 

   
  
   
    
   
    
    
  
  
   
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
    
   
   
  
   
  
   
     
      
   
  

ﬁeld Exchange, and consequently has a specula-
 vs:lue.s For instance,hI am offering 1,000
.. of ‘Silver Pick, a Goldﬁeld prospect, at '75
'" earns a. share. It wasquoted yesterday on Gold-
ﬁeltlgl-Zxchange at 89. 'l‘hat’s'a sample of the bar-
,.g~i§a.ins I am offering in Western securities."
 Hr. Chadsey folded up the paper and put it in
~. his ket. \ '
1 _ ' e, Hedden,’-’ he said, rising from his chair,
' , we’d better move across the corridor aml
Iee'"if we can do an business’. with Hammond.
r Atalanta and Big xtension seem to be at a
. siﬁaeonnt in this quarter."

.»  “Call again. gentlemen, when you are in the
luilding. I sha -be pleased to see you any time.
Sorry I haven’t a ‘cigar to oﬂ'er you, but I don’t
linokemyself. If I can do anything in Western
 stocks‘ for you let me know," and Jay
ﬁitghowed his visitors into the_. corridor and
' Fm - to- his desk with a knowing look on his
strong, wide-awake countenance.

‘CHAPTER II.'—Hai‘i‘y Hammond.

~*"fliere seems to be on ﬂies on_ Jay White,”
«=  Nicholas Chadsey to his companion,
 the.two brokers stood’ once more in '-the
" ‘after their unsuccessful attempt to sad-
uveral thousand shares of'woi-thless West-
‘, urities on the boy broker. '
"N? Eels a sharp youngster. We must try
other game on him,” rep1ied_ Tom I-Ieddcn,
a slight look of disgust on his shrewd fea-

.,;"’,'Well, let's see what we can do with this young‘
- ‘ rid,” said Chadsey. _
1:3: to be hoped he is. I want to get. rid of
1. 20,000 Big Extension. 'I'hey’ve turned yel-
in my safe. If I could get $500 for-.theni
‘ of this chat I’d consider I’d done a good
‘ .. ..-_ s work. ~ ,
 my 10,000 Atalanta at any ﬁgure hell
33;. Jay White was right when he said they
‘ft’ worth the paper they’re printed on,”
I grin.

‘two brokers entered, Harry_ Hainmond’s
— ‘ 1; young man had a reception-roonisnd
-den almost the counterpart of Jay White s,
tﬁere the resemblance between them_ ceased.
.. .. was ii bright, handsome-looking ‘lad,
. 3 ia!,fopen countenance. T milk of

V 1%ness seemed to ﬂow fr his soft,
out an

 gxa,‘ Aim one would have taken
=, ﬁtlielisndsndf thereisaboythatcsn

_ Nothing croo ed. about . him. but
v -- fair and abovo- ard. _ Chad-
‘ edition’: impression was that he looked
 Perhaps he was, but we shall
’£d.Chadsey introduced himself and his
‘ .,  ‘in the same way he did in White's
"  H_am_mond expressed the pleas-

  

  

     
  
   
  
    
  
    
    
 

  
   
   

 
 

    
 
 
 

tanoe. Then

 
 

      

u

--;,DIA_MOND our « DIAMOND ' s

_'of “Dead Mi

“Maybe he's easiei-."’

' -the knowledge’ ﬂurry

'.x

the pigeon-holes of his desk. Under the heading’
'nos"».'he located Atalanta. Follow-
ing it were the words in brackets, “See note, p.
86.” I-Ieturned to page 86 and glanced at what
he had written there. Then he closed the book
and returned it to the pigeon-hole. The two
brokers had been watching him attentively.

“I’ll give you $100 for the certiﬁcate," he said,
wheeling around in his chair and looking benevo-
lently at Mr. Chadsey.

“One hundred dollars!” exclaimed the broker.
“Why, it’s worth———-”

“Nothing!” almost gasped Mr. Chadsey.
“Nothing!” he repeated, looking hard at the
young broker. '_

“Absolutely nothing,” returned Hammond, with
the same smile. . .

“If it’s worth nothing in your opinion, why do
you offer $100 for it?” asked the mystified broker. 4

“Because I'm looking for a few dead certiﬁcates
to frame and hang up in my oﬂice,” replied Ham-
mond, genially.

“And you're willing to pay $100 for them?”

“For my choice.”

“Rather an expensive kindof wall decoration,

I should say,” replied Mr. Chadsey, rather puz-
zled to understand the boy’s method.

“It’s -a.fad of mine,” answered Harry Ham-
mond, with another pleasant smile. “I dare say
we all have fads in our way. Do you accept my
offer?”

“Yes," growled the broker, who was disap-

pointed at not being able to skin the boy to 8 i V’: "5

greater extent. ~ .
"However, $100 was better than nothing. The
broker went to his safe, took out the mone
and the transfer completed the bargain. , '
“Perhaps I can sell you a 20,000 certificate of
Big EX¢3nSi0n/' HOW put in Mr. Hedden, pro-
ducing an envelope from his pocket and extract-
ing therefrom a handsomely printed sheet of
bond paper. “I value it at $1,000, but I’ll be
happy for you to make a bid.” \
Hammond took the certificate, looked it over,

took down his memorandum book,’ turned to dead  5‘

shares, noted “Big Extension," saw ii note which’
referred him to page 66, turned to that page and
read the note.

‘fliig Extension,” he said, turning to Mr. Hod- K
den, ‘never amounted to a hill of beans.

hundred thousand shares were sold at 1:
each for development purposes three years _
when the mine first came to life. Suhsequen
another hundred thousand -shares were sold at .
2 1-2_ cents_a share to ﬁnance the work of de- V
veloping stringers and bunches of high-gt-ado ore
that werercpeatedly opened up and, returned . ‘
values of from _$100 to $1,000 per ton. The ~ I
P8!!! Worked diligently in an effort to locateathnzl
sourceotthesebunchesofmebutonuchoe
casioii, however, disappointment followed,

  

  
 

ore ed‘u&e1;i-owed to

deludngbun . Finallyworkontheminewlﬂ.

Z.."i‘i‘.‘.‘3$‘§"ii..£‘.".“’ iii‘; 

, . “Maybe.y0u’ll5ive {100 for  '
» in

”35=..;*-“ii

lien on at lhuideg
Broher eddeiywitbpsoar ‘
““T'="~”-  "

be only anotherniﬁttlii: 0;": 

 

 

  
 
 

 \

 

1:‘

 

 

.
._
V." ~‘ -
‘E

  
   
  
 
  
 
 
 

- ,.of

4

expensive luxury, as Mr. Chadsey just remarked,
but as I am in favor of preventing the few dol-
lars I have in my safe from ‘growing rusty
through inaction, I'll take you up.”

He went to his safe for the money, while Hed-
den remarked to his companion, in a low tone:
“Well, I'll be jiggered if this chap isn't a conun-
drum}?

“That’s right,” nodded Mr. Chadsey. “He's
either a blamed’ idiot, or ”

‘The broker didn't ﬁnish his remark as Ham-
mond just then returned to his desk with a bunch
of notes in his hand, which he passed over to Mr.
Hedden.

“Gentlemen," said Hammond, drawing a pad
toward him and beginning to write. “I’ll take a
receipt from each of you for that money."

“A receipt!” replied Mr. Chadsev, in surprise.
“What do you want a receipt for’! You’ve got
the goods and we've got the money for them.”

“Merely a memorandum of the deal between
us ” answered Hammond.

What the dickens do you want a memoran-
dum for?"

“It’s a kind of fad with me to collect such
things," replied Harry, sweetly.

He went on writing, while the brokers looked
at each other. Hedden tapped his forehead sig-
niﬁcantly as much as to say that the boy broker
had wheels in his head, and Chadsey nodded, with
a grin. In a few minutes they departed, each
$100 to the good and perfectly satisﬁed that
'Hami’nond was I fool. They would have had a

Vdiﬂerent impression if they had been -able to
look over the boy broker's shoulder at that mo-
ment. He had just taken a letter from a pigeon-
hole and was reading it. It was dated from
Goldﬁeld, and ran as follows;

“Harry Hammond, Barnum Bldg.,- Wall Street,

New York:

“Dear Old Chappie.—A little less than two
months ago the Hercules Leasing Syndicate was
organized. Since that time we have equipped

. the lease with one of the most complete and sat-
" isfactorv plants of machinery to be found in the
‘ entire. Goldﬁeld district. A shaft has been sunk
to the depth of 200 feet. The ore we have taken
out assayed about $500 per ton. Hercules stock
was quoted yesterday at $4.15—the Syndicate
' stock at '60 cents‘ a share. Now, Chappi_e,_ here’s
a inter for you. The Hercules mine 301118 the
V-oldwabandoned Atalanta mine on the west and
* the equally dead and forgotten Big Extension on
‘the east. We have discovered that the ore ledze
we are working in the Hercules broadens out

’ , towardithe Atalanta and that another vein which

. we have located but not touched yet runs toward

A " * the Big Extension. The prospect is so good of

»g'. rich strike far superior to the Hercules in both
these old-timers that we are quietly buying
‘ the certiﬁcates of both wherever we can ﬁnd

"them. On ,their,face they’re not worth a tinker’s

hlcsaing, and we are getting them for a men

. -. gag. About:60,000 shares of" both these stocks

3 were sold in New York. -If you can locate them,
I " i all means. You ought to get

At any rate, if you
 them, I'll give you 8. cent a
you can buy in.  , -
.   ii ‘ﬂoureasever. ,

\ ‘V’...  H,’ KJAGKN

  

DIAMOND CUT . DIAMOND

shares be worth?

handed the envelope to Harry

".with its live bur

    

Harry Hammond smiled serenely as he ﬁnished
the letter, returned it to the pigeon-hole and took
up“the certiﬁcates of stock he had just aeauimd.

' Dead mines, both of them," he murmured,‘
with one of his seraphic smiles; “but the dead‘!
sometimes come to life. Hercules was as dead as
a doornail once, now it is selling at $4.25. Sup-
pose Atalanta and Big Extension develop paying :
ore one of these days, what will these 30,000 
A fortune,- and those gentle-
men who sold me the certiﬁcates thought they—
had worked a sharp game on me. Yes. I guess I'm
a pretty easy mark,” he chuckled softly to him.-' «
self. “I heard Jay White tell the superintendent i-_
of the building so the other day. He said I'd be .
eating snowballs when he got through with me.
_Long before that happens his ﬂeece may be hang-.
ing among my office trophies—smart as he looks." ‘?

Harry Hammond rubbed his hands together:
and chuckled again. ‘>‘'-‘

  
  
  

 

CHAPTER III.—A Deal in opcio‘£'s’:

Harry Hammond had just arrived at his oﬂct‘
on -the following morning when a D. T. messen-
ger entered the reception-room and in ired for
him. The messenger happened to be eter Fin-I
negan, and he looked daggers at Micke D _
when he spoke‘ to him. Mickey grinnecf tan » ;,
izingly, as he ushered the messenger into the lit- '0
tle rivate room of his boss. i — . _

“ ust wait till I ketch youse outside some-.
where,” Finnegan said to him in a hoarse whist-

 
 
  
   
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
     
   
   
   
  
 
   
  
   

per.‘ “I'll put it all over yer till yer can't walk,

straight."  V
“Is dat a fact?" retoi-ted Mickey, with Q?

chuckle. : 0"

There .wasn't a chance for Finnegan to 
an -answer to Dooley’ sarcastic remark. so
. Hammond. The__..
young broker signed _ the messcnger’s delivery:
sheet and tore open the envelope. What he read _
developed one of his customary smiles. He to!!-
the paper into fine particles and dropped them:
into his waste-basket. Then he sat down 
his desk and hi furrowed brow showed he was:
thinking deeply. Suddenl a great racket in the
outer oﬁlce aroused him. e sprang up and throw:
open the door. His boy, Mickey, and the mood‘
senger, Finnegan, were ﬂoundering around 
room in a close embrace. In some wa 
managed to trip Finnegan u and the . T. 
hit his head against the wal, stunning  £01:
an instant. Mickey, with a howl of 
sprang up, slapped a chair across his enem
c est and sat downon it, using Finnegan's h _ «
for a footstool. V ' _‘ _

Hammond didn't encourage such revolutionary?
conduct in his oﬁice boy, but he couldn't .. .
lau hing in this instance to see how ..»
Mic ey had got the upper hand on the big. 2 ,
As soon as Finnegan tried to overthrow the w xi -

en‘ he interfered. 1"  ’
=“Let him up, Mickey,” he said. with zip ‘
sternness. “What do you mean by kicking up ,

         
  
   
  

shines in my oﬁlce?_ , .
Mickey slid oi? to his chair near the ~- -
while Finnegan 'Sl18ﬁk,0_lIt of the rooim. “ .
“whetﬂwas the ,ti-cubic, between 
Hammond.» A jhis~oﬂ,h;o boy." ea

. n

 
 
 

 

k

   

   
    
   
    
  
   
    
    
  
    
  
    
  
   
   
  
   
     
   
   
   
  
    
  
  
     
   
   
  
   
   
  
 
    
  

".'H_e_ll8}!Pﬁl me in do smaller as he was gain’
and soaked him back.” - 7

‘ - v did he hit you first?”

Qlﬁiclney ex lained the incident of the ﬁve-dol-
‘oodnof , e preceding day.

*-‘Well, don’t let it occur again,” replied Ham-

He returned to hisgden, put on his hat and
.  again

nnybody calls to see me tell them to wait.
be back in a few minutes. I'm only going
- "the corridor to Jay‘ White's oiﬁce.”

esser," replied'Mickey, briskly, who, as soon
, door“ closed behind Hammond, began to
.. around the room on his hands, with his heels
rry ond crossed the_ corridor and en-
the office of his business rival.

- » Hammond!” exclaimed White, who
-e to be in the reception-room at the mo-
“How are you making out?”

’'‘Oh,' I'm not setting the Street on fire!” laugh-

, pleasantly. ’

‘Come intp
an

in den,” said White, catching him
leading him int} his sanctum.
. I can do for you?”

merel came in to inquire if you know where
\ , get  J: S‘. stock?’-’ replied Harry.
_ —- -, can get you some. In fact, a customer left

='' shares with me to dispose of. If that’:
you can have it at the market price.
want any more I/know where I can get
thousand.”

u.i*_

,1 it," said ite. “It may be high-

hlt you what I'll do,” replied Hammond,
ggpmpmenfg  ‘ 1;. “I'll take the _1,000 at
’ isﬂthe price t’s ruling at now, if ou’ll
. -"mg ;n..option of ten days on—4,000 s area
2.)!
‘law 'lmow _al_iout that," replied White.
are you willing to pay me for the op-

do you want for it, s ot cash?" .
"$2,000," replied ite, after consid-

fnatter for a moment or two.

-. ,i,t_“out,”» replied Hammond, promptly.

smumean that?” asked White.

1’ Is it a go?” ' i

‘ . irefyou buying the stock for?” asked

. -. ,'c1I1’l0l1Sl&;h l
v game now, ite, isn't that a rather large

- 1You don’_t expect me to tell you all my

closet?" - ' ‘

r pardon, I-Iammond,_. it’s a way I

a . ou got that money. Wtﬂ} 1'01!‘-"’ '
‘but’! can get it In ﬁfteen minutes." .

v go and get it and you can have the

the way, there were a pair of Broad
‘ ' Chadsey and Hed-

for they tried to unload on me
for two dead ,Western mines. I
 said they’d go in to
 whatthey could do with you.
than?” - u .  .

      
   
  

  

   

DIIALION-D CUT DIAMOND

‘I. want it to-da ," answered Hammond.—

" ‘r names. I guess they took me for .

“You did what?” exclaimed White.

“‘I bought the stock.”

“.You bought those 30,000 dead shares !, You’re
joking, aren’t you?”

“No. I got them cheap——at my own figure,
and I took them. They may pan out something
one of these days." .

Wéiite whistled softly and looked hard at Ham-
mon .

“Why, I wouldn’t give a dollar for both those
certiﬁcates. Don’t you know they aren't worth
the paper they’!-e printed on?!

“Some day--—’ began Hammond, but White
interrupted him.

“Some day be hanged!
ﬁcates was yellow with age.”
“It was three years old.”

“The Atalanta mine went to the dogs two years

One of those certi--

ago, and the Big Extension never amounted to .

anything more than a proposition, and a mighty
bad one at that.”

“That's true,” admitted Hammond, with a
cheerful smile.

“If you know it, why
What good will it ever ‘be.

“It’s a fad of mine to take a chance at a long
shot sometimes.”

“Oh, you're a chap that’s willing to bank on
theaunexpected, eh?”

“You can put it that way if you like.”

“liammond, you have my sympathy,” grinned
White. “It’s my opinion that you are out of
your element in Wall Street."

“Think so, do you‘! Now I had an idea that
it was you who was rash in venturing your little
boodle in the ﬁnancial district."

“Thanks, old chap,” replied White, sarcasticah
1% “your remark is quite brilliant. But taking
t s ate Western. investment of yours as a saw-
of doin business, I sho‘uld think

ple of your wa
iet of fried icicles will soon be in

that a steady

order for you.”
“Stranger things than that have happened to

some of the veterans of Wall Street in their
17-" ,
“That’s no dream. Six months ago Dan Har-

 you buy the stock? I

kins, the millionaire trader, went to the wall try- V

ing to corner Erie common.” -

“He isn't the only gray-beard who passed 

life in the Street, had every trick of the business
at his ﬁngers ends, and then got wiped out in a
single hour in the Stock Exchange.”
“And he won't be the last." _
“That’s right. Still there are lots of them
who right. along piling up. their thousands
steadgy, hold on to them and finally die mil-
lionaires.” ‘
“Do you hope to join that_ class, Hammond?”
“That’s my ambition." ‘

“Well, you've begun well," replied White sax-l .

castically. ~
‘‘I think I have.” answered Hammond,
“I- fancy I see your ﬁnish,” grinned th
“Better get that $2,000 right away so
that option out. I might as we _
ﬂour money before it all gets away fronnyclu
ow about the thousand
take ofl’ my hands!” ‘

§

-a lb

“'I’Il.  ‘eeut."down,‘the.}IIlﬁ’;l
  

 

qfﬁﬁﬂyff '
e other

I can 
ll have a littlcot

seam N!-'r.° 3°“? *1;

 

  

 

  

 

' a easy the
. . “And I thought it was just like ﬁnding mom

 

 

your order.» But if the price should go down over
ﬁve points I'll notify you to take up the stock
or secure me against possible loss.”

‘fThat’s fair enough,” ‘acquiesced Hammond,‘
rising from his chair. “I’ll run down to the safe
deposit company and get you $9,200. Have the
option ready when I get back.”

“I'll have it ready, don’t you fret,” replied
White. — '

Hammond was back in ﬁfteen minutes, paid the
money over, got his receipt for $6,800 on account
of the 1,000 shares, and the option on 4,000 at
72 to be delivered any time within the next ten
days that he should call for them. \

‘That’s the easiest $2,000 Fever made,” grinned
Jay White as Harry Hammond left the oﬂice,
“for I've good reason for believing that stock
.will go down instead of up, and I’ll make the
diﬁerence between what I'll be able to buy it in
for and the option price.”

He chuckled gleefully as he slapped the wad
of bills into his safe.

L. & S. dropped half a point the following day,
and Jay White wore a broad smile. But the day‘
following it took an upward turn and at the end
of a week was up to 78, hid ‘that day Chadsey
and Hedden made a call on Hammond and seemed
anxious that he would call in his options.

They had bought the stock at a loss, but Ham-
mond refused to accept it until he was ready for
it. On the tenth day he sold them to a New
Street broker. making $180,000 out of the trans-
action. Jay Whitemanaged to save himself at
the last moment by buying 2.000 Shares at 30 and
selling them at 84%. .

' CHAPTER IV.—The Three Schemers.

Nicholas Chadsey and _Tom Hedden sat to-
ther in the former’s oﬁice in the Mills Building.

t was the day after Harry Hammond had called

in his options. Each of themhad been squeezed
to the extent of $15,000 by the boy broker, and
the were madder than a whole nest of dis-
turhed hornets. c On top of it all they knew that
the smiling young innocent, as they had often
ﬂﬁsﬁamniond, had collared over $100,000 in
p outoftheriseinL.&S. ,

' take him for such a slick card?”
growled Bedden.

t it was almost a shame to pluck him."

when he walked in here and asked me 'to

‘ him that option on 5,000 shares of L. & S.,”

 Chadsey. - __ 1 _

‘ “Same here. I never was surer of anything in
a Slump, instead of whi v
- “It took an unexpected brace and helped that

fool to a small fortune," snorted the stout

“'l‘hat~bay got hold of a tip on L. & s. and

ii .

. my life than-Lthat the market’ was about to take
ch———

'I!eliber tely worked us on the strenﬁlli of it.”
; I-“Do .you»think so'.':’ asked Hed ,

 re lied Mr. Chadsey,‘i_n a tone of com’

in, some

8*‘ _ gs owtbgtherwitetowould a young, snip
, V ‘ ve . nerve
mntiohs

  

«rim '

 

DfAMOND' c1rr"D1ii'MoNi) 2"

“Why, I thought he was so __

, White in with us. He must be sore on Hammond;-:‘

 to us and.pur- ,.

     

at 5,090 on-an up»
. ,  1.1 . .p .

  

patently fal1ing'marke,t'." He stood every chance 3-,
of being wiped out of the Street, unless his capi- .
tal was bigger than I think it was."  
“I can tell you another thing. We’re not the“. .‘
only ones that he tricked on the option business.” 3 :
“What’s that? Did he buy other options, too?”
“He bought one other option to my certain ,
knowledge.’ . _> '
‘fWho from?” asked Mr. Chadsey. with sane .
show of interest. ' -
‘‘You’ll never guess,” replied Mr. Hedden, with-
a slight grin. '
“Tell me,” requested the stout broker, impa- -
tiently. - .
“He soaked that sharp young Jay White, across
the corridor from him, to the tune of 4,000 .
shares.” .
“The dickens he did!”
“That's a fact.”
“Did VVhite tell you so?”
“No; but he told a friend of mine, and the
story was passed on to me as a good joke.” 
“Well, I’m Jiggered. That Hammond is a bird."
_“He’s a_ hawk in dove’s feathers-that’s the
kind of bird he is,” answered Hedden, with a
snort of disgust. .
“Then, instead of the $120,000 we figured as his ’
proﬁts, — he's made nearer $200,000, said Mr.
Chadsey. 
“I'll wager he's made every cent of that.”
f‘Look here, Hédden, are you going to stand for -
this kind of plucking?. Suppose the Street waef ' .
to learn how we were taken in by that cub, do  ya
imagine we’d soon hear the last of it?  1;
the boys would make our life a burden to us." ._-”'
“I know they would. and I hope to gracious"
not a whisper of the transaction gets out. As
to standing for it, I don’t see how you and I ‘max
very well help ourselves. He's got our 51-, ~-
money in his pocket now, and that s all there is _-
to it.’ . . '
“You don’t understand what I mean, Hedden,”
said the stout broker.
“Then please explain yourself.”r
“I will. He's got our money, yes.
proﬁt on the rise of L. &
sake, $200,000 all told."
"Well?"  ,
“We must get that boodle away from him.” 
“I'm with you, Chadsey,” replied the thin hmkéi
etr,’ promptly, “if I can see my way clear eo‘do_
i ’ s

 
 

  
  
   
  

  

and as big?

S., say for arguments?

 
 
  
 
 
   
   
 

.

"'1: would be a good plan, I think, to take 

too.” A
“I know he is.” I" '
“Goodl Then I shall send for him, and the.
three of us will talk the matter up." . “
“That suits me, all right,” replied Hedden.
beginning to recover his‘ usual good/spirits at the
grospect of getting back at the smiling boy‘
roker. i-  _
“I'll make an appoinxnient with White at 
oﬂice for four this afternoon. I’ll expect youtg‘
be on hand.” ‘ I 
“I’ll be bere,_don‘t you worry," answered
den, rising and throwing the butt of «his
into the cuspidor. '~ ~. ,. 
Mr. _Chadsey turned to his desk. wrote; 1
put it into an envelope. and calling  s '

 

 

r’

e

  

   
   
  
  
  
    

him deliver it to Jay White, at his o_mce
"Barnum Building on Wall Street.

, '11’ Pninot much mistaken,” iemarlieli the stout
as he rose, too, and put on his hat, "we'll
that monkey's pin feathers to the queens

“‘It islto be, hoped so.” i , .
Well, lct’s go into Bradley’s and have a mint

“ak -" ’
 two brokers left the oﬁce, arm-in-arm.
skin! tly  the elevator for the_ street.
- ite was sitting in his den, chewing the
of jealous disappointment, and trying $0
 u some scheme to get back at his success-
riv across the corridor when Mr. Chadsey s
_~.~.u entered the reception-room and asked
him. Teddy showed him into the private
.- ce with his customary promptneSs._ White. 111
‘igme surprise, read the note requesting him to
i I at Mr. Chadsey’s oﬂice that_afternoon at four
ock. ' '

     
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
    
  
   
   
    
   
  
   
    
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
   
   
   
      
    

' ‘."What does Mr. Chadsey want to see me for?”
:5§—_asked’_liimself. h h
1' ‘goujdyﬁ; d seeing no reason w e
e ’t call frlleiiise’ gout bi-ol_<er, he scribbled an
..-. ﬁve reply, enclosed it in an envelope and
. vg it to the messenger to take back. At f_our
-- he walked into Mr. Chadseys reception-
and was immediately admitted to the pri-
"omce where he also found Torn I-_Iedden.
broker; shook hands with Jay White in such
 way that the foxy boy broker began
suspect. some design on his cash-box and was
once on his’ guard. ‘ _
—«.,=;!Yau were probably. surprised to receive my
‘ ,ca.iling- for this interview, White‘, ’ began
_ ‘jstout broker, fixing the boy with his ferret-

"somewhat," replied White, lacomcally and

u. y_ —

an . -,-.¢u toth ‘t,”- to Mr.
-. , “M? H den ‘aieidp‘llnund:il:1:I;sndn4t:’i(i)i.(t):
. “ aught on an option den or ,
 dz S.‘ by that smooth-tongued young
‘ ' Hammond. Isn't it so?" _
’ ,» White, looked surprised and not particu-

  

.well leased. _
‘see 1- eye touched a sore spot,” laughed the
man, “but perhaps you'll feel better when
“ -that both Hedden and myself also sold
cans for 5,000 shares of the same stock,

_'1; you have us for company in the soup
_.,. ..

A’ as» send for me simply to tell me that?”
fte. warily- - V‘ . .

‘at all,” answered Mr. Chads_e7. 5215”?-

‘fgr you to you  unite with us
 plan to get square with our friend
the corridor. It struck H den and I
 be more than willing to help the good

if

¢di»what?"_ asked the stout broker.

you assure me this is a square deal.”
‘twerry about that. I guess ivou“re smart
I tajook out for your own interests. W95‘:
9 for your money, We want your hein-
~ help you?"

« e

  

 

 enough!” replied White, 'slow-A

‘DIAMOND CUT ‘DIAMOND. A 7

xith him..gives you a certain advantage. we take

“Perhaps it does,” replied White, a bit doubt-
fully. “I’ve been counting him a’ chump until
this lemon he handed out. to me has kind of
opened my eyes. He isn't quite so easy as I
thought he was, though he does look softer than,
mush.”

“Well. now let's put our heads together and see
what we can hit upon that will take the wind
out of this young chap’s sails,” said Mr. Chadsey.

They drew their chairs together and began to
consider various propositions looking toward that
end, An hour later Jay White left Mr. Chadsey’s
office with a grin of satisfaction on his coun-
tenance, which implied that he thought he saw
his way clear to a reckoning with Harry Ham-
mond. his business rival.

1

CHAPTER V.—In a Tough Ward.

That night. when Harry Hammond got home
from Wall Street. his sister handed him a letter
which had been delivered by the letter-carrier
that afternoon. Harry tore the envelope open
and took a not overclean half-sheet of note paper
on which were scrawled some writing in an un-
educated hand. He ran his eye down to the
signature before reading it, and made out the’
name of John Dolan. an old employee of hi!
father's. The note ran as follows:

“Deer Mr. Hammond.—I write to tell you
I am in a bad way. and to ask you -to call
see me to-night without fail, at No. —- Christo-e
pher Street. rear tenement. I worked for your
father, as you remember. for over twenty y
and did the square thing by him and he ‘by me.
don’t want no money from you. as I proberbly
won't live 24 hours, but I want to see you about
my little girl that mebbe you can do something
for, as she won’t have a friend after I am dead.
Pleas don’t fail, yours truely.

“John Dolan.”

It was with some difficulty that Harry decipher-
ed the writer’s signature. but the meaning was
clear enough———John Dolan. as honest and hard-
working a. man as ever lived, who had stood high
as a faithful employee in his father's estimation.
and who had been lost sight of since the death
of Mr. Hammond, Sr., was at death's door and
wanted to see him on a matter of importance
that was evidently connected withhis only daugh-
ter, who would be left an orphan by his death.
Well, surely poor John deserved that much con-
sideration at his hands. He showed the letter to’
his mother. and told her he intended to go do
af dinner and see in what way he could be
se cc to the man. ’

“It is clear he wants us to do something for
his daughter.” said Mrs. Hllnlnolldr “You inar.
tell him that we will give her a home until we
decide upon her future.’ V '

“I will do so. mother. I dare say, you
and some way to ‘make her useful aro

house if sheisa good girl. 88 I Dretlnue $ "' ‘pt 

Ateightofclock Harry ndaot
IubwI!emIno:atFou:teenthStreetand* ‘

   

  

 

  

  

8

I cross-town car. from which he alighted at
Ninth avenue. He walked down into Hudson

' street, and kept to the west side of that‘ wide

thoroughfare till he reached Christopher street.
Half way between Hudson street and the ferry
he found the house he was in search of. It was
a very common tenement. much out of repair, and
with a narrow and ﬁlthy entry leading back to
the yard beyond in which another building of
similar character ﬁlled up the remainder of the
100-foot lot. Dirty andyhalf-clothed children play-
ed about the doorway, which adjoined a low-grade
saloon.

There was another cheap barroom across the
street, around the entrance to which Harry no-
ticed several young fellows of tough aspect. The
boy's respectable appearance attracted only
casual notice as he came down the street, seem-
ingly bound for the ferry, but when he stopped
to make inquiries relating to. John Dolan, he
drew upbii himself considerable curiosity, and the
residents of the immediate neighborhood began
to take an interest in his movements. The gen-
eral feeling in that vicinity was not favorably in-
clined toward persons in the better walks of life.
ﬂieiwe was an under-current of class hatred
against the rich that made the people of that
squalid district look with suspicion on any well-
dressed invader. ' »

‘This street is tougher than I had any idea

it was," said Harry to himself, as he walked
gingerly ‘through the miserable hallway to the
yard. “I remember now, Mickey Dooley said he
lived on Christopher street near the ferry. I
wonder .if it is in this block? He's a tough
youth. but he ﬁlls the bill all right for me. It’s
a wonder he isn't mobbed by the kids hereabouts
on account of his goodclothes. I haven’t seen a
half—decent suit on one of the urchins since_ I
struck this neighborhood. How people can exist
in such dirt and misery is more than ‘I can
understand.”
, He stepped into the yard. and right before
him stood Mickey Dooley and Teddy Marks,'en-
gaged in a game of craps on the broken pave-
ments. The neat suits they wore in Wall Street
were not now in evidence, instead they were
clothed in cheap, second-hand trousers, with
jackets to match, shirts without collars, torn
shoes. and caps that might have been picked out
of an ash-barrel somewhere uptown. Both boys
glanced carelessly up when Hammond paused
before them, and as their sharp eyes recognized
him, a look of the utmost astonishment came
into their faces. They sprang to their feet and
stood looking at him rather sheepishly.

“Wolf. Mickey," said, Han-y. pleasantly, "I
didn’t expect to run across you here. Do you
live in one of these houses 2" y
. “Yes, sir. . Third floor front, sir. Dere’s one!
of me sisters lookin’ out of de back winders
now,” and Mickey pointed upward. “Dere’s eight

 of us, sir. Me mudder. de old man, two"brudders

‘an’ t’ree sisters an"ineself. Whatcher doin’ down

’‘ here, sir? Mighty tough street for a gent like

§ouse to come to, ’cept -yer gain’ to de ferry.
Iin.wasn’t lookin’ for me, was yer?”
I came down to‘ call on a man named

"ii ’J 3gﬂo' lives in the rear building.”

Wluitcher,wsnt’to see him.
“in his chips wit’ de

chap. ’

jg’ slmostysuad

   

DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND I A I ’

. who was dying fast, had much to tell

‘came downstairs. and was

  
 
 

consumshun. Me mudder said he’s liable to croak
any minute,"

“He sent me word that he wanted to see me." _
‘ “Yer know him. den 7" asked Mickey, in some
surprise.

“Oh, yes; he used to work for my father."

“Dat’s it. eh? Mebbe he wants to pull yer leg
for a ﬁver." _

“What floor shall I find him on?” a

“Top ﬂoor, two rooms back. Mind. yer eye as
yer go up. De stairs are de wust ever, and de
lamps don’t t’row out much light.”

“Thank you, Mickey. for the hint. I'll watch
out,’: replied Hammond, moving of.

Mickey, however, followed and caught him by
the sleeve.

“Yer don’t intend to stay long, do yer, sir?’
he asked, earnestly.

“Why. Mickey?”. ~ ,

“I t’ought I’d warn yer dat dis is a
street. It’s all right at present, but when gs 
get quiet it ain't safe for a well-dressed gent
like youse to be seen ‘tween here an’ de Nint”
{kve’noo stashun. Dere’s a bad gang holds .out
in de saloons. If yer stayed late, an’ dey was “

to pipe yer oﬁ, dey’d slug yer for what yer’ve..,ﬁ
It’s gettin’ on to nine now, so yer’ll bet- 2.’
Anyhow, Teddy and ine’ll .
wait for yer an’ see yer up de street as far as ,

I can take ;

got on.
ter cut yer visit short.

de stashun." .

“Don’t worry about me, Mickey.
care.of myself.”

Mickey returned to his game of craps’ and 
Harry Hammond entered themiserable building. [
the toll: floor of which ipoor John Dolan claimed 9'
as a ome. .=

CHAPTER VI-—-Held Up by the Nikht Owls.

Harry Hammond stayed longer in the poorly:

furnished rooms of John Dolan than he had. .

' any idea of. Time ﬂies under certain condi.tions.i—,
the boy, 

and this was an instance in question.

and he could only speak slowly, with frequent

intermissions when his attenuated frame was“
racked with the terrible cough which had wasted‘
his own powerful frame down to a mere shadows}.

His daughter Maggie. a pretty girl of twelve:

years, sat and cried at the foot_ of the‘ bedfi
A woman from the next apartment. who-.
been doing something in the rooms. retired
I,-iarry entered. '

_' When half-past ten came Mickey Dooley 
impatient and hovered around the entrance ,to;;-
the rear tenement with Teddy Marks. ’

«,4-

at the door of the Dolan rooms.

mond's voice and retired to the yard again,- A - ‘

half-past eleven he went upstairs again, int¢m1.._ *8
ing to call attention to the hour, but his nerve _»

gave out. and he came down without knockin . 1'
“Dat’s a long—winded visit.",he. remark
Tedélyé. ;‘)Dis he\;le‘gin’t no hour for a Wall Strait‘-i
gen 0 e roun ese digg' ’s. Me an’ 
have to wait up till h m y°“’°:"~*

to pertect him till_he gets to de stashun.” ,
It was Just midnight when Harry 
survnud to, ﬂndg :

  
 

boys waiting for him.."

-V:

 

ugh: at

}
after 

4 .

, At eleven. _.
o clock he walked up to the top ﬂoor and listenedugg,
He heard Ham;-_

test

e comes down. We‘vegot-' 4

   
  
 

   
  
   
  
 
 
  
   
    
   
  
  
   
    
    
 
   
  
   
    
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
    
   
  
    
   
 
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
  

‘Why aren't you in bed, Mickey 1'" he asked’;
‘Cause we've‘ got _to see yer to de stashun. _
‘Why, do you think I need a bodyguard?

(Ed H ond

"Dat’s right. One of de toughest gangs in de
- Dey’d sooner ﬁght dan eat.” ,
Hammond and the two small boys walked to
door of the entry opening on to the street.
they stood looking warily up and down the
—« thoroughfare they heard the quick. solid
- of a solitary pedestrian echoina‘ upon the
. :1 from the direction of the ferry. As
passed under a gas lamp they ‘saw that he
. a tall and well-built gentleman. whose Rar-
‘ ‘indicated affluent circumstances. He_look-
neither -to the right nor to the left, but
straight ahead. like a man who. attending
hi; own business, does not look for interfer-
trom others.
aagnly from a dadrkﬂfntry of 9% Iﬁlarby house
«tho shadows emerge e momen e prosper-
looking man had passed. The shrill hoot of
_ "owl disturbed the midnight silence of the
O ‘From an adjacent saloon came two rough-
..- chaps, who joined the. others. The four
.3; behind the stranger. while a ﬁfth was seen
-- A across the cobblestones at an angle that
bring him ahead of -the pedestrian. Mickey
Hammond’s arm. _ ' '
-,.. "are Owls,” he said. “Dat gent fi-on:
fetrfllbe down and out in less'n two minutes.”
>-~ we must warn and try to save him!
- .. -.. Hammondfstarhng forward.
'-yer want’: get done up 2" cried Mickey.
.- out his hand ‘to detain him. '
A3311. however. shook him off and ran toward
gentleman. As’he did so. one ofthe roughs
I;nan’s wake suddenly pulled out a sand-bag
  tr: air to strike his unconscious
- on e e .
 out behind!” shouted Hammond, warn-
: ‘ache dashed at the group. _
gentleman turned. saw the descendmz 5.82
’ péd aside. The tough. almost ove_rbal-
— " the.downward swing of the weighty
_ s  ‘staggered a foot or two ahead. Then
.. - unexpected happened. Hammond dart-
and his arm shot out ;with lightnlpﬂ quick-
Spatl ‘ Down went the rough from a
' hammer blow under the ear. and he rolled
.... _. into the gutter.

. of one of their number. But only
A _ t. ‘Encouramed bynumbers. they
. g;  and upon the.‘gentleman in
' ‘d gmgghe had interfered. Biff! Swat!
T  broker was using his lists with
« gwittneas; while ltile duckegil the blows
Th ‘ so ll ‘ED
)“ﬁ’dh‘”d.£or:m‘e:n:iuhIisy§ars‘?‘ The
is ...l....°**.'“* .2“ ':.*‘“-.:?“2“::. 3::
“ arms Ran co . or
‘lite

     
   
  
  
 
 
 

   
 

 
 

* i \ DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND '

.3 moment the Owls stood aghast at the.

‘the center or n
and one‘! ‘

9

reinforcements hurrying to the scene. Hammond
received a staggering blow on the head. and a
black-jack was raised by «another tough to ﬁn-
ish him when—whackl came a stone behind the
ruﬂian’s ear. and he dropped bleeding and sense-
lessto the sidewalk. Mickey and Teddy, hover-
ing unnoticed on the fringe of the ﬁght. had

ﬁred two heavy stones into the ranks of the ‘

enem_v, and Mickey's aim at the rough with the
blackjack had saved his young employer from a
knockout. .

Biff! Swat! Hammond's fist beat a tattoo on
two evil and liquor-inﬂamed faces in front of

1m. '

“Kill the dude!" roared a third.

With a fierce imprecation, one of the Owls drew
a revolver_ and aimed it point-blank at Ham-
mond. The boy saw the glint of the barrel and
dodged as the fellow pulled the trigger. A sharp
cry came from the lips of an Owl behind him, as
the report shattered the night air. The ellow
had been in the act of bringing a wicked-looking
club down upon the young broker’s head when
the bullet pierced his lung and he fell, clutching
wildly at the air. While that death-cry was
still ringing in his ears, Hammond jumped for-
ward and wrenched the revolver from the tough’s
hand. Two Owls sprang to their associate’s aid.
Swat! A brick thrown by Mickey took one along-
side the ear and he dropped stunned to the walk.
while the boy broker brushed the other from
his path with the butt of the revolver. Hammond
then backed up alongside the bleeding gentle-
man, whose back was against the wall of a house,
and held the rest of the gang‘ at bay with the
gun. By this time the wholé block was arouﬁ
by the noise of the scrimmage. and more than
half of the windows were ﬁlled with male and
female heads.

The crack of a revolver was no unusual circum-
stance in thatvicinity. and some kind of trouble
almost a nightly occurrence:
ear-marks of so thing out of the common. It
looked as if t e turbulent Owls. for once in
their career. were having their hands full. though
only two outsiders were opposed to them. Al-
ready four of the gang had been knocked out,
and one of these was dying where he lay. The
ruﬁians were furious. but not one of the bunch
had the nerve to advance in the face of that
threatening revolver in the hands of a determined
boy. Just then rose the warningcry:

“A cop! Beat itl. A cop!" '

..One policeman carried no great terror to the
hearts of the gang. Many an oﬂicer had they
sent to the hospital. and they assumed. a stand-
ing contempt for the police. It was as much a
roundsman’s life was worth to_ inter! _
handed. Yet they did it. for it was their duty.
The thought that their victims would escape un-
der police protection so angered the Owls that.
under the encouraging cry of a leader. they ﬂung
themselves at. Hammond and the gentleman by
his side. Harry tired. and the foremost
went. down with a- bullet in'ln.s shoulder. ._ He’
pulled the trigger a second time, but this '
without result. The next moment he -was In
wild-cred crowd. Be slipped down

allow fell head over heels upon hint.
Two» bx-k:ks,.whixzed into the mob and

-  ottwoéoftheowlo. ‘ ~

  

   

but this row bore ‘

ene.sin::e.-'

#

     
   

 10

_'I'he policeman now came running up with
his club in one hand and his revolver in the
other. He used the former with telling effect
on the hands of the rufiians. In self-defense.
three of them attacked him. More bricks. thrown
by the valiant Wall Street messenger boys. creati
ed havoc in the ranks of the Owls. Another po-
liceman. attracted by the tumult. came running
from the direction of Greenwich Street.

The toughs were trying to get at the fallen
young broker. but were bothered by their kick-
mg comrade, whom Hammond held above him
in such a way that he received the kicks intended
for himself. '

The first policeman had worked himself into
the heart of the trouble and the Owls fell back.
sullenly. Hammond threw the fallen rufﬁan to
the rout. Sharp intonations of an owl re-
volver, which slipped out of his grasp. Spring-
ing to his feet he went for the thugs hammer
and tongs, for his blood was now A thoroughly
up. For a young fellow of his general build.
who looked to be easy meat. his pugilistic efforts
were a revelation.

The disheartened gang began to give way. but
Hammond followed them up. Biff! Whack! Swat!
He put it over one after another of them. while
their blows fell harmlessly about him. The ar-
rival of the second ofiicer on the scene completed
the rout. Sharp intonations of an ' owl re-
sounded all around and the members of the
gang broke like mist before the rising sun. seek-
ing shelter in entries. saloons and other open-
ings. until only the two officers, Mickey, Teddy.
Hammond and the gentleman who ‘had been the
cause of the disturbance, remained in the street.

Six Owls lay about. half of them perfectly
motionless. The other casualties were shown in
the bleeding face and torn clothes of the man
who had come from the ferry. and a few cuts
on Hammond's handsome countenance. The riot.
however. was over. with the victors in possession
of the zﬁeld. ‘ ~

CHAPTER VII.-——A Tip on Missouri Central.

. - \
While one of the officers was asking for an
explanation of the trouble from Hammond and

-4 the well-dresse -stranger, the other was rapping

I ‘replied Harry. in

v v

 

      

sh .

the curb with is night-stick for assistance.

“I am thoroughly convinced that this young
{man saved my life to-night." ‘said the prosperous-
ooking gentleman. with an earnestness that
showed he meant it. “One of that gang was in

theact of striking me down unawares from be-
hind with a sand-bag when he shouted a warning.

-and'I escaped by the narrowest possible mar-

“Well. I did the best I could for You. sir."
odestly.
“.1 should say that you did." answered the gen-
tleman. with.some vehemence in his tone. “Why.
went for those, rascals like a young cyclone.
§?z're a wonder with your lists. I woul

at . . '
‘ ,.  ‘iotlook ‘lessons from an ex-?¥~ize-ﬁghter. sir.
’ order

to 1 how to protect myself in an;
Viﬁpm-'vcry'glad_‘to say that my
 §o:nnght-,' 7,  ,-»

§

-"kit

H.



.1 ‘

DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND

"mg. Wall Street.” -

d never,
‘I ﬂunk you capable of such skill just to look

belore heavy ‘buying; ierndrthe

  

“Well, I must take your names. gentleliilnf
said the otlicer. looking inquiringly at the
ﬁtanraéiger, while he held his notebook open in his‘

“Mine is Alfred Borum.”

“And your address 1”’

“No. — President Street. Brooklyn.’

“What is your business 1"’

“I am a banker. at No. — Wall Street.‘ ‘

“Now yours. young man ?" said the Omcer.
turning to Hammond. .

“Harry Hammond, stock broker. Barnum Build‘-t

 

Mr. Borum looked interested when he heard ‘v
the boy's answer. V‘
“I am pleased to hear that you are connected .,'
with Wall Street. young man." said the bankerrl
“Here is ‘my card. I hope you will drop in and'_
see me soon. I shall be delighted to know you‘-:.

better." . i
_ “Thank you. sir," replied Harry. putting the F
card in his pocket. “It will afford me great:
pleasure to give you an early call.” .
Two more policeman now came up, .and one”
of them was directed to telephine for a patrol,
wagon. Mr. Borum and Hammond" accompanied”
this oﬂicer as far as Greenwich street. Instead’
of taking a Ninth avenue elevated train up -
Harry volunteered to walk with the banker up’
to Fourteenth Street, where they boarded a ca 1
that carried them across town to the subway.
station. Here they parted, the banker taking‘. 
train for Brooklyn Bridge while Hammond go:
on an uptown Lenox avenue train. . "
Harry would have withheld all knowledge o
the street row from his mother and sister - M
for the fact that the affair was printed in 
morning paper. and he knew they would see 
with his name and address as a conspicuous ﬁgure. .
in the scrimmage. However, he made the aﬂf ‘
as light as he could. so as not to alarm their.-
concerning the peril he had so luckily passed.‘
through: with such little injury. .;
When he reached his ofiice, Mickey told 
that John Dolan haddied about fohr o’ciock,‘3_o
he_ telephoned a well-known undertaker to"a’ '
sume charge of the remains. and remove the body
to his mortuary chapel. pending interment. I ‘I
undertaker was directed to send Maggie Do .2
to the Hammond home on 128th Street as :- =
as her father's remains had been removed ‘f
the Christopher Street tenement. " ,
The majority of the Wall Street ﬁnanciers -» »-
and talked about the attack on Alfred B0 1
the well-known banker. by the Night Owl " ._'
Harry Hammond was boosted into some n «- ,
ary prominence by the spirited and e — » ..
ﬁght he put on the banker's behalf. Jay Whig“
read the account of the affair. and for  
of his own came into Hammond's oﬂleo to ‘ 
gratulate the boy broker upon his pluck. - .
Two days later. while Hammond was eirtj 
the oﬁice, the telephone bell rang. /Hickey I ‘ »
swered the call with the usual ‘Hello!’ A '
“Is that you. Sharptpn?’ asked avoies.
Before the oihce boy could say ‘No,’ the ~ U
went on: “I've a sure ‘tip for you, 
Watch Missouri Central. Ibhave inside -.  ‘~
tion that it's in line for a live on _ '_
I'd advise you-to act .10,'090 sha1_'ea_right‘.t
W as in.

v »
‘Vs

  

   
      
  
   
  
  
 

    
   
   
  
 
    
    
 
    
  
 
  
  
   
  
 

 
    
    

,

  ' DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND

. certain to do in a few days. You can rely on
;’ this-"as the real goods: Chads_ey and Hedden are
‘f 'to do the buying for the syndicate. Good-‘by!
 ‘The speaker rang off and Mickey hung up
the,receiver. tickled at the idea of havmz got
on to a pointer that would put his employer in the
way of making a good haul out of the mm-ket.
As soon as Hammond came back, Mickey handed
out the news with a satisﬁed grin.
“Are you sure those were the exact words of
‘the message '.”’ said Hammond, with considerable
in

    
  
    
   
   
  
   
  
   
    

“Yes, sir," replied Mickey. promptly. “I put

it down on dis paper. Youse kin read -it for
_ yerself,” and the boy handed his boss a sheet
- from a memorandum pad on which he_had scrib-

bled the message as it came oil’ the wire."V

‘ ' ‘Who did he call up ?" _ _

“When I said fHello!' he said, “Is dis you.
Sharnton?’ Before I_could open me mout’ to say
nixy, he began- talkm’ away de whole of dat
stuﬂ on dat paper.”

_'"1'he wires must have got crossed_somehow. or
the girl at Central connected him with this oﬁice

"F:-~.-:..<n'r ,
'. av ;'

E by mistake. Well. I'm much obliged to you,
 0 Mickey. .I'll look into the matter, and if I find
 it’: the real thing 1'11 make it all right with
3:; ‘ you.’

 , "'l"anks. Youse is welcome.”

' That afternoon Jay White came in and in-
(mired if he knew of anybody who had some
Missouri Central shares. iiarry picked up his

ears.
‘No. I don't know anybody who has the stock,”
he replied. “but I dare say you can find a dozen
brokers who have the shares. Did you hear that
it was going up?"
P.-3*’ “Perhaps it is. and perhavs it isn't." answﬁred
 White. with a sly look. “I'm (not telling all I
,',‘ know.’
':I*'__' His manner. however, indicated that he thought
" ’ favorably of the stock. Next morning .- Chad-
‘ ﬁygatopped Harry on the street and to him if
‘  _ ran across any Missouri Central to buy’ it at
‘ the market price and send it C. 0. D. to his
oﬂice. No long after that Mr. Hedden tapped
him, on the shoulder. shook hands pleasantly and
" gave him a similar commission.
 “There must be something stirring in Missouri
' Central." said the bright boy broker to himself.
--‘According to that telephone message. Chadsey
' and Hedden were announced as the brokers who
were going to do the buying. and they appear
-to be’ doing it all right. I think I'd better get
V in on this on the ground ﬂoor."
 The ticker showed several sales of Missouri
‘ ‘Central at 175, which was about the ﬁgure it had
T been ruling at for some time back. Harry watch-
‘ ed the indicator closely for the rest of the day
 noticed a considerable -number of sales of the
Itock on the Board.
1 Finally Hammond bought a couple of thou-
, land shares at 176 and sent them to Mr. Chadsey,
, who promptly accepted and paid for them. He
»-bﬂlﬂilt another thousand and sent them to Mr.
- Hedden. who took them.
,“I guess it will be safe enough for me to
.. ,y a few thousand shares for myself," he
‘_ Lashoutmhisoﬂlcethﬁtlfternom.
glwgi; lﬁdsev -¥!e9w.-.093. a visitor -e¢.W=-‘-

3'-""'f<f}’”’.'.‘.'«'7.'Kf"*’s7'." _. ’ '

5’-3:‘ ‘. V

 

.11

I
told to show him in. His name was Rogers. and
Hammond had never seen him before.

“You're the young broker who helped Banker
Borum out the oth‘er night when he was at-
tacked by the Night Owl gang, aren’t you ?"
said the. caller. with an apparent show of inter-
est. Hammond admitted that he was the person.

“Then you are the man to do business for me.
I have 5,000 shares of Missouri Central that I
wanttosellat176. Iaminahurrytoget
out of town on important business. If you could
let me have say 20 or 25 per cent. cash down
for the stock. to be delivered to your order when
accompanied by the balance of the purchase
price.”

Harry considered the matter for a while and
ﬁnally consented and handed over the money
to Rogers. The gentleman departed very well
pleased. Next morning Missouri Central. began
to steadily take a drop. Then a stenographer
came in and gave Harry a tip that‘Chadsey and
H_edd_en and White had sent Rogers to himto draw
him into a deal to do him. Harry saw that he
would have to get hold of some money some
way to frustrate his enemies. So he called upon
Banker Borum. and explained the hole he was
in. That gentleman entered into a scheme to send
a boomerang into the wily brokers. Borum gave
Harry a check for a large amoimt and told him
to visit the Washington Trust Company and they
would give him an envelope containing some stock
certiﬁcates.

»

 

CHAPTER VIII.-—A Wall Street Waterloo.

Harry ‘Hammond and Banker Borum went to-
gether to the Washington Trust Company, where
the boy broker handed in Mr. Borum's check,
after endorsing it. and received an envelope
containing ﬁve 1,000 Missouri Central stock certi-
ﬁcates. In the ﬁght that Hammond was now
about to start against the syndicate that was

selling M. C. short, it was arranged that every H

share of stock purchased by Harry’s representa-
tive on the floor of the Exchange was to be
delivered C. O. D. at the Borum Bank. Mr.

Borum knew to a small fraction the full amount -»

of shares that were likely to ﬁgure in the deal,
and had the cash on hand to settle for them.
When those shares were all in the syndicate
would be driven into a corner. As matters now
stood, Hammond saw that he had all the trump
cards in his hand. All that remained for him was
to play the game out to its logical conclusion,
which was certain victory for himself. It was
certainly an exhilarating thought. No wonder
that his customary smile was unusually child-
like and bland when he met Jay White in the
§lvehvator on his return to the Barnum Building.
ite was rather surprised to notice the re-
markable cheerfulness of -his rival in the face
of the decline in Missouri Central, which by that
time represented a clear loss to Hammond of
near $15,000. He couldn't resist making a re-
mark on the subject. .-
“Missouri Central seems to be going to the
dogs this morning.” he said. with a grin.
“Oh. that won't last." replied Hammond; pleas-
antly. “I got a tip over the ’pholne'the other‘day
. ¢ \ 5’? . -<-.‘.-1" I

. rt

 

     
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
    
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
    
   
  

12

it would certainly make a ten or ﬁfteen-point ad-
.vance, so this little ﬂurry doesn't bother me.”

White felt like huggingrhimself for very _Joy
at Hammond’s seeming confidence in a losing
game. as’ well as his admission that he was
interested in the fortunes of Missouri Central.

“How many shares have you_ got ?" asked White,
though that. was a superﬂuous question, for he
knew well enough that Hammond had been loaded
up with the 5,000 that Mr. Chadsey had sent him
through Mr. Rogers. '

“A few thousand,” replied Harry, carelessly,
as they stepped out of the elevator at the third
ﬂoor; “but I expect to buy more.”

“Oh, you do!” grinned White.
-you can get all you want at the Exchange.
going to se there."

“Well, I guess
It’s

bloom and yield a harvest of fruit."

“So I’ve heard,” snickered White, “but M. C.
is likely to produce a harvest of bankruptcy to
any one who is long on it at present."

“Not if he has the dough to hold on."

“Do you mean to say you've got the dzugh to
hold on to 5,000 shares that_ cost you 1 5. and
have gone down 15 points since morning ?" ’

“How do you know I have 5,000 shares. and
that I paid 176 for them ?" retorted Hammond,

l .
'h35v"i3§, you said so. didn't you?" replied White.
in some confusion. as he realized he had made
a slip of the tongue. _ k _ ”

“I'm not in the habit of exposing my business,”
answered Harry. “I never told you such ‘a thing.

“I must have got you mixed up with some
other man, then, who I know is long on M. C. to
that extent.” a .

Hammond knew White was‘ lying, _but he let
it go at that. It wassatisfaction enough for him
to see that his business rival had betrayed him-
Ielf. Next morning Missouri Central opened at
153.3 drop of 20 points in 24 hours. The bear
operators apparently had ‘everything their way.
— _ But suddenly they struck a snag. Mr. Schlumm.

‘of Schlumm Engle, a well-known broker,
atartedlin, to stem the downward tide. He wanted
Missouri Central shares._ . _ ’

They were ﬂung at him at once. ‘That didnt
£8.19 him for a cent. ,1-le gathered it in as fast
I: it was offered. Mr. Chadsey stood &_1ghast_ at
the apparently reckless buying he was indulzmz‘
in. So did Mr. Hedclen. The ﬁght. however. was
 onand they had to support their end-

_ Missouri Central's downward_plunge stopped
abort and it began to rise. an eighth at a time,

 in spite of the frantic eﬂorts of Messrs. Chadsey
anjd/gﬂed . y _ _

_ .“Who the dickeps is.Schlumm buy_1nz this stock

) 1912'? Mr. Chadsey remarked to his partner in
the game, in an anxious whisper.

~ . “ ive it up." replied Hedden. shortly, for‘ he
wasn't pleased with the outlook.

f ‘“ﬁe’s bou 1; $3,000,000 of it so far," growled

-“ 11:; can'k‘eep,that up long enough,

we won’t be able to keep it up.. We've s3,ooo,.

~1'i'izl’i*'h“'"iii.°"‘i§<t=Mf“:1i<’:a1iiii‘d"‘l‘ bl htemn¢' ’
 ' -xi ; i say. riz nu.
_hasttI:_W¢nt on. _When'the Exchangﬁ closed,
‘ ‘ ‘nearlav.$2.000.000«uwre at ,issqun,
‘ "  jvarvmr

  
  
  
     
    
   

   
  
 

‘ .

>2

DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND

“Seeds of n produce trees; trees in their turn ‘

c

‘the remarkable, ﬁght. on the

1

from 158 to 160, and Mi_-.- Schlumm's resources
seemed to be unlimited. Messrs. Chadsey and
Hedden found several members of the syndicate, ,-
waiting for them at the farmer's oﬂice. They
looked worried. .

“How do we stand?” they asked.

Mr. Chadsey told them.

“The situation looks bad,” said one operator.
gloomily.

“That's what it does. We’ve only about a mil-
lion dollars’ worth of stock left. With the ﬁght
on to-morrow, it may go like hot cakes.”

“We must sell what we haven't- got, then,’
said Mr. Chadsey. “We must keep the price down
,or we are lost."

“Suppose we lose our grip in the end and then ’ ’
ﬁnd ourselves unable to make good our con- ’
tracts ?"' _.

Mr. Chadsey shrugged his shoulders. He knew‘ "
only too well that such a crisis spelled ruin. The 
syndicate could throw up its hands when its last ‘*
share had been delivered, pocket the known loss '3
and retire from the ﬁeld; or it could keep on sell- '-
ing on a chance of exhausting the capital at the "
back of Schlumm. ,

It was a momentous decision they had to decide.
upon that afternoon. It was ﬁnally. resolved to
see the thing through'to the limit. Next moms
ing the ﬁght for the control ‘of the situation
was resumed. Schlumm welcomed every share
ﬂung him. with the avidity of a drowning man -
grasping at a straw. The perspiration stood out
on the brows of Messrs. Chadsey and Hedden. -
At last their last block of Missouri Central had "
been swallowed up by Schlumm. who still shouted
or more.

The syndicate had received checks from Banker ._
Borum, who was supposed to be acting for the"
buyer, to the amount of $6,500,000: but they
had parted with stock which represented $7,000,-
000. They owed $6,000,000 on it, and the bulk of
the checks went to liquidate their indebtedness.
If they dropped out now the shares would.
from 10 to 20 points in no time. The only; ‘way
to hold the price down was to keep on sellingf
on the chance of being able to buy ‘the stock’
back later at a lower ﬁgure in order to ﬁll their, _'
contracts. .

They were sure. now that they were bucking 
a bull syndicate. ‘The question was. how loing '
could that pool stand the cash drain? If it was,
equal to all demands, then the Chadsey. Hedden '
and White combine would go to the ‘wall. So.
the battle went on until two o'clock. and the'n'7\.
Chadsey dared go no further. He and Hedden "
threw up the sponge. and immediatelY,Missourji, i
Central began to soar likes bird. amid a pan:
demonium of excitement. , -I

The members of the .broken syndicate then 7
brought out their half million and made a scram- ~
ble to cover their shorts. They were pa‘i:alyzed',,j
to ﬁnd that they couldn't buy a shared; any {.4
price. An effort was then made to borrow the 
stock to tide over disaster, but there was none
to be borrowed. A - '2

When three o'clock struck every member“
the syndicate realized that‘he 
ruined man. The papers that nicht were full.

 

,.
.ili..*‘..lii..v1nl_....-.i..._-age..- -s... ..  . .

 

xi
».—;
t‘%
3

   
   
 
   
   
 
   

‘..

 

 
    
     

   
 
  

  
  
 
 

tween tho“:-ival

V.

tactions ov

  

  

  

' DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND . '13

 

nothing else seemed to be talked about in
‘ Everybody wondered who was at
the back of Schlumm dz En le. _
It‘ must be a syndicate of portant brokers
__.be ﬁnanced so heavily by the Borum Bank.
which was regarded as a very conservative house.
as well as a solid one. for Alfred Borum himself
was classed among the multi-millionaires of New
York. Next day the truth was out, when the
ihorts were notiﬁed to call on Harry Hammond
Wall Street was am_azed_. What. that
boy broker the master of the S1_l3llatl01_ll _
. A youth of eighteen, who dld business _m_ an
‘insigniﬁcant-sized oﬂice in. the l3arn_um Bulldlmz‘.
‘was. he‘ the person who was dictating terms to
a dozen of the smartest brokers on the
Yet it was the

‘Wall Street.

A It seemed incredible.
not to be disputed. Harry Hammond had
. ‘red the visible supply of Missouri Central

"‘The Independent Trust Co.. which held the
_j'ority of the road’s stock. could_ have turned
ﬂu; tidejgainst Hammond by throwing its shares
the market.-but of course it wouldn't do such
It was to the interest of the
oinpany to keep the price up. not send it
‘‘ Missouri Central was now boominz to‘
“§eﬂ.t.l1e band. The Exchange was in fever of

toolish thing.

y every broker wanted to buy some shares.
‘ they were not for sale: that is, not until
nd had dictated terms of settlement with
' debtors. The reader will have to imagine the
and dismay of Nicholas Chadsey, Tom Hed-
and Jay White. when they learned who held
fate in his hand.
y swore‘ that Hannnond must  the
.. , of some syndicate. for he knew it had
something like eight millions in cash_to
’ It was preposterous to think
boy had been himself

 
 

an eighteen-year—old
to control so much money.-

 
 

His opinion.
. , did not alter thefact that he and his
ates had to present themselves before Harry
Emuond in his little oﬂice and eat humble me.
 s what broke the hearts of Chadsey. Hedden

 

.«/CHAPTER IX.—Eating Humble Pie.

Qty White was the first to call I on ‘Harry Ham-
» with a view to a settlement. He_ was not
_ - . vily involved as the others. but still he _was
‘as much at the mercy of his business rival.
- Ham‘.mond‘was in a position to force a
 at a ﬁgure‘ that would drive White out
;th¢~8t1-set. and—the boy lcnew it.
0 was gall and wormwood tohim to have to
1,-himself, but he had to do it. Harry. how-
’ us and let him oﬂ easy. but.
_. tm made a lgigehole in his resources.
xgtigodto. own 0

~ to have escaped the extreme penalty»
Mr. Hedden came in Harn-
Chadseyé was especially

Jiammondl" he ‘exclaimed.
=unless youé:tdup‘on us.’

    

downcast. but

  
  
   

it lands: ted.

 
 
 

den,’ “Mr. 
shares  on Missouri

  

.blepiein'myotﬁoe.'' . _ ,. -
' Harry Hammond uttered waajie ~

‘Central. At 200, or ten points above the market I

price at present, "we can just manage to squeeze
through." If you won’t settle at that ﬁgure. we
have only our seats in the Exchange to fall back
on. It’s up to you whether you treat us white
or drive us out of the Street.”

“Is it as bad as that with you ?”

“Yes, it is.” replied Mr. Hedden, in a tone of
voice that left no doubt but he spoke the truth."

“Well. I’m sorry to hear it, gentlemen; but
who is to blame if not yourselves?”

“It's the fortune of war.”

“That’s all right, but let me ask you a ques-
tion.”

“Ask as many as you wish. You are the doc-
tor. You hold the whip hand over us. It’s tough
to have to take our hats otf to a mere boy. but."

1-. Hedden shrugged his shoulders. “you have

got us where the hair is short, and we can‘t'

kick.”

“What did you intend‘ to do with me if the
boot was on the other leg ?”

“What do you mean by that, Hammond 2”

“Look here. gentlemen. you know you have been
caught in your own trap."

“In our own trap! Explain yourself."

“I intend to. You and Mr. Chadsey, with the
connivance of my old chum, Jay White. put up
a mighty mean job against me.”

“What's that T”

“You worked a fake tip on Missouri Central
over the ’phone to me. I admit I took the bait
to the extent of permitting you to saddle 5,000
shares of the stock on me at 176. I really be-
lieved the stock was going up. as you meant it
should. Next morning I woke up to the fact

- that it was bound in the other direction. I could .

not understand the matter at ﬁrst. I did not
then suspect that I was the victim of a pretty
small piece of business for reputable brokers to
engage in: but a light came to me after I was
$50,000 to the had. I discovered the general par-
ticulars of your ‘game. Then I started in to try
and save myself. I found I could not extricate
myself without suffering a heavy loss-—possibly
every dollar I had paid to your man Rogers, who
came tome with a false story on his lips. You
had arranged this syndicate beforehand for ‘hear-
ing’ Missouri Central. You had get control of

about all of the ﬂoating shares. You intended to

do me out of that $176,000 and divide it between

you two and Jay White. This was just a little .

squeeze game you intended to hand me out as
an independent side issue to the syndicate matter.
You wanted to get square with me for catching
you to the extent of a. few paltry thousands on
those L. & S. options. You had the game in your
hands all right‘ until-—I found agood angel at the
eleventh hour. This good angel not only let me

 

have the necessary money to block your purpose, ~

but he furnished ms with the sinews of war to
carry the fight right into your own camp. Well,
what has been the result? I have beaten you and

your syndicate to a standstill. Who is to" blam 7 

then. for your ﬁnding yourselves in a hole

Yourselvos. If you hadn't tried to do me I   "

should have monkeyed with Missouri Central.

113
_ Lou and your syndicate would probably be ﬁlth!‘ -

g on your proﬁts to-day tnsteadof eating hunt. ' (“it V" «:1

‘Every word

2;,/_.:w Hf"-. 4 .~  .-‘  _
., ‘ v  ‘ \. ' = ‘

  

    
    

   
 

      
  
     
   
   
    
    
   
    
     
     
    
   
    
     
     
     
    
    
     
     
        

wise. to their unsportsman-like tactics.
‘.‘Where did you get all this
asked Mr. Hedden, sullenly. _ . v
" ,; V “I decline toanswer your question. ‘Let it suf-
ﬁce that I was forewarned.”
“So that’s why we've been beaten. eh?
your good angel;—who was he? Was it Borum.
' the banker?‘

’“I decline to answer that, too."

“It must have been he. for he paid for every
share of Missouri Central we sold to your broker
at the Exchange.“

‘ “Enough of this,” interposed Mr. Chadsey. im-
patiently. “What are you going to do with us?
We are ready and able to pay you ten points
aboye the ruling price for 6,000 shares of M. C.
It will take our last available dollar, but the fact
can cut but little ice with you. who are the czar
of the situation. Will you let us off at that
figure?” '

“Before I state my terms. Mr. Chadsey, I want
you’ to acknowledge the trick you played upon
‘me. . - ,

“Well.” replied Mr. Chadsey. and the words
came from him like the drawing of a tooth. “we
acknowledge the corn. We did try to do you.”
'- “Do you think, that was a fair thing to do
against a boy only avfew months in thegstreet on
his own account? .Isn’t Wall Street full of snares
enough ’without experienced operators like you
— adding your mite to trip up a newcomer‘? How
3 much satisfaction would it have given you in the
long run to have driven me from the district?”
_ . “Every broker is out for his neighbor's scalp,”
replied Mr. Chadsev. doggedly.
‘Is’ he? I wasn't aware that the custom was
so ‘universal as you would have me believe. Are
you sure you_are not Alibeling the £1-aternity?

  
  

' business as well as shrewdness?"

T = His visitors were silent.

" “,«Now-‘we will come to my ‘terms. Mr. Hedden
ha’: oﬂered me in behalf of himself and You. ten
pojntsiabove the market price for 6,000 shares
or M. C.” Suppose I refuse to accept this? I
llrayecomplete control of Missouri Central at this
zaosnent. The price will go above the ﬁgure you
refer before the Exchange closes.
215 to-marrow.” _ -
> “Not if the Independent Trust Co. thrpws its
‘holdingmon the market." replied Mr. Chadsey.
 would break your corner and probably

~““~~ D 9011- e .
.  Independent Trust Co. will do nothing of
ﬁI€,=.kilIIl." V ‘ L ' /' 9
 “ﬂow do you know it won't? - The temptation
olsneh. ; ‘price as 200 or over which you are
fn!\:in'g may be too ‘great for the company to
rodstlf Were I the president I should take ad-
‘ianfage of thenituation torrealize. The stock
bound“ to4 go down later and the company
j who its stock back again at. a handsome
 _ ou‘ hodzibest _go slow. Young man. or

nsay_ﬁhd.yoursolf an the soup." \

Ti _  about*'_m_o.-- Mr.‘ Chadsey. The

   

  
 
     
     
   
   

It may go to

  
  

   
  

a

nIAi&oi'~ii>'i on i  '
‘ exact truth, andboth Chadseyhahd Heddenknew»
it; but they were astonished to,learn _that he was ,

information ?" _
lcophole -by which to escape.

And ' ,

‘Isn't there honor and decency in the brokerage :

v Chadsey and Hedden. Altogether. the pool was

noﬁimitata your -underhapd.

T 

  

“The deuce you‘ have!” exclaimed the stout.-_e-,_
broker, clearly astonished, ;, ' '
Mr. Hedden also looked bewildered. » , ,+ .,
“You see. gentlemen. you haven’_t the slightest -_ . .-;
Now. suppose I ask ,.'_,
you 21.D_ or 214 for those 6,000 shares‘! What
then?” --

,The‘ cold sweat came out on the stout man’:
forehead.

“We shall each have to make an assignment.
and we'll be sold out under the rule or at private
sale to satisfy your demand,” he answered. with ‘
almost a groan.

“Yes,” replied Harry, quietly. “I think that is '
what would ‘happen to you. It isn't a pleasant
prospect that you face, gentlemen.” I ‘ .

o The boy broker was certainly rubbing it into’ .' .,
them. He was taking his_ revenge in his own-
fashion. But he did not really intend to drive»:
them to the wall. He was satisﬁed with frighten-. ' ”
ing them out of their boots. There was a painful
silence in the room. Then’ Harry rang his bell. ‘
When Mickey answered the summons he 

“What is the last quotation of ‘Missouri Cen- ’

. tral 7” 1 r

. The boy disappeared. but returned in a few
minutes. '

“One hundred and ninety-ﬁve bid.”

“Gentleman.” said the boy broker. turning to“
the men he had in,his grip. “you heard hjm. .»
Those are my terms. I‘ will not squeeze you a
single point above the market. I think you have?‘
been hit badly enough as it is. You can settle ~.
at 195." i -_

“Do you mean that?" cried Hedden, jumping

.0

      
    
    
    
   
     

  

       
    
    
   
  

 
 

to his feet.”-
“I~do.” , ' ~
“Mr. Chadsey,” said the thin broker. "1
Hammond is treating us uncommonly white.‘
What do you think 1'"  
“By ginger! I agree with you. Hammond

       
   
   
      
    
  

your hand. We did you -‘dirt and you take VOW,

revenge by acting generously. From this mémlntr 3’

,1 am your,friend.” ’ _ __ ~

“And you can count me in. too." said‘ Mr‘.

'1 Hedden. A ' y -\

The boy brokerlhad won something of inoie
importance even than money. ’ '

  

  
 
 
 

‘s

 

¢

CHAPTER x.—..-A Southern Railway 

Iiammond settled withithe other members
the syndicate on the same terms he oﬁeredy

  
  
  
  
  
   

15,000 shares short and the boy's proﬁt on thin‘
shares amounted td $650,000. Everybody w ,
Missouri Central because it was going up, ‘and;
because it was as scarce as hen's teeth. ' y
b Hehggaduahg let taut the t40,000 shares  V
oug ’ r m, e syn icatea prices varying"
165 to 16§I"at an average of 205. cl ’ 9
$1,800,000, which,-_of worse, went to Hr. 
Finally he sold the 5,000 shares that Mr. 
~ had bunooed him into taking at 176. Ai'ter—do+
ducting nearly«»$15.000 he paid to "
Engle for ‘commissions. and a large" sum

nu u

  
   
     
 
 
 
 

  
  

    
 

   
 

   

 

.. €._ ;\

  

DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND

S in days after the end of the corner in

  

vlisaonriicentral. he was sitting in his oiilee ﬁa-
urlng the advisability of buying _a few
 shares ofa stock that gave sums of
gmmnronted activity, when Mickey announced I

I ‘ “What did you say his name was. Mickey?”
; “Mr. James McNabb." _

.u“I dog: tkgiow him. btlgiziwyou ask him what

see me a u .

I  xii. H}ei1:oul;ln't tell me.”

, ' \Vh:reusp<SEﬁ Mickdlyh ushered Mr. McNabb into
3 we ' te

Aﬁ.‘:Ypd1uvaare OM? Hammond, I believe ?” said Mr.

 

   
 
 
  
  
  

chi .
—. He was pock-malrked and sandy-featured. 1184
‘fen-etplike eyes-and looked uncommonly sharp.
‘-‘Yes’. sir. that is my name." replied the boy
abroker, ‘who did not fancy hilt: Vlﬁiltor 1l‘,1u°hfe
.. t d l 1: kn w ow can on 0
‘Egg ‘ad-£'v1ee“Se atoselﬁougy e me 0 —
 "’I'hank§."- replied-Mr. _McNtabg. t81<iI1if],D0E8015"
rs ;:§.*:°.:;‘::.' :;::*:;:*:a ass?» 5 =8 -
“’ “Yes, it's quite warm for a spring day._”.
“By the way, Mr. Hammond,” said his visitor,
-in.:a familiar and confidential manner, “you have
iaequired a remarllgble r§;i>utationafor_ﬁ_yo1?I1§
man- You must ve m e sever mi ion *
‘(of that corner. in Missouri entral.”
“ “Excuse me, Mr. McNabb, but I am very busy.
in ‘you please inform me what your business
with‘ me?” replied Hammond. shortly.
-,1 was coming to it,” answered the sandy-
”' plexioned man. briskly, with another wave
or his handkerchief. “The matter is this: I am

 
  
  
 

    
  
     
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
 
  
    
   
 
   
  
 
   
   
 
   
 
  

, e f if t' er in the
Tim: seev<:a1lm:nillio‘:_ndut of the
 ' ' Here is alist of gentlemen who
" ' If a_ million each.
mw'~wouw yop like to_ go in with-us? I can
igsure You that you Will easily double your in-
vestment.”

~ . .r,:,'“I don’t care to go into a blind pool. I prefer
'  ieonti’-ol my own money. sir.” V

’:_‘;L;’!Bnt this is bound to be an A1. copper-fasb
’$d’einch." replied Mr. McNabb. _

' -“It may prove tobe all you claim for it. but.
1 less. I don’t care to go into it,” answered
 boy broker. ﬁrmly.

,- r.t‘!lcNabb _looked disappointed. _

 if you won't go in you won't, I suppose,"

I ‘l'!'hat’s right.” _ ,
§¥gu'n -be sorry when you ﬁnd out what you ve
“ - " said Mr. McNabb, as he rose to go.
‘ is possible, but not probable," replied Ham-
 ,1 wig. you good-day,” said his visitor.
' ,','Go‘pd.day, Mr. MeNabb." _
 syndicate promoter left. Next day
 . aged woman. clad in deep black. was
 jute Hammond's den. When she lifted her
' I saw that she must have been a great
Asher; army» younger.; for she was still
 woman. ~
‘_'  Iiemmondl’ she asked. interro-

.' J!“

 

 

KcNabb, with a ﬂourish of his pocket handker-.
ef

fzpuoting a syndicate to buy a well-known stock.

“Yea. ma’am. How can I serve you?’

“I have a certiﬁcate for a hundred shares on!"

Southern Railway, which was left to me by my
husband, who died recently. I should like to dis-
poee of it, for I need the money. I came to
you, because I saw your name ed in such
complimentary terms in the newspapers. as an
unusually smart and honest broker. My husband
was victimized so often in Wall Street by un-
scrupulous brokers that I have very little conﬂ-
dence in them as a general thing. I think from
the looks of your face, Mr. Hammond. that you
will do the right thing by me.”

She ﬂashed a sweet. conﬁding sort of look on
Harry that quite captivated him.

“Thank you, madam, for your ﬂattering opin-
ion. I guess you'll ﬁnd that every reputable
broker will treat you in a straightforward man-
ner. Whereis this stock you spoke about 1'”

The lady opened a small bag she carried in
her hand and took therefrom a stock certiﬁcate
for 100 shares in the Southern Railway Co. The
boy broker looked it over and it seemed to be
all right. Southern Railway was a gilt-edged
security, and was then ruling at 226. The cer-
tiﬁcate therefore was worth $22,600. Hammond,
however, never purchased either bonds or stock
from strangers without verifying their genuine-
ness.

“Well, madam, if you will leave this with me
I have no doubt I can sell it to-day. You can
call any time after ten to-morrow and I shall
probably have the money for you."

“I wanted to leave town this afternoon for an
extended trip. I thought you would buy it from
me and let me have the money at once."

“I do not care to buy it myself. but as you are
in such a hurry to get rid of it I'll 11111 out and
sell it for you. Call back in an hour.” -' _

His visitor looked disappointed.

“I don’t like to have to come back again.” she
said. nervously. “Couldn't you let me have the
$22,000 now’! You may keep the $600 for your
trouble of selling the shares."

‘The lady's persistence in trying to get some
money out of him at once aroused a suspicion in
his mind that all might not be right in the
matter. He was a quick thinker and decided

what he would do.

“Very well, madam. if you will -wait about
ﬁfteen minutes I will get you the money,” he
said, reaching for his hat. .

“I will take your check," she said. eagerly.

“I don’t give checks. madam. As I am under
age I have to do all my business on the cash
basis. I won't keep you any longer than it
takes me to run up to the safe deposit company
to get the money.”

She seemed to be satisﬁed with this explana-
tion, and Hammond left his den.

"1 am goingout a little while, Mickey,” he
said to his oﬂice bay. “Keep your eye on the
lady in the private room, If she leaves before
.1 get back. follow her and see where she goes.’

“Yes, sir," replied Mickey. promptly.

Hammond did not go to the safe deposit V

vaults. He hailed a cab and drove to the omen
of the Southern Railway Company. Being ad-
mitted to the secretary's oﬂlee he_ laid the ears
tiﬁcate of stock on that gentleman’: desk.

I

15’

‘ "I should like to have the genuinenua afdga

    
 

  

 

is
certiﬁcate veriﬁed, if y;u will kindly take the
trouble so.” -

to do
“Certainly.” replied the secretary. \
bog: took the certiﬁcate and consulted his record

“Where did you got this certiﬁcate, Mr. Ham-
mond ?” asked the gentleman, when he returned
to his desk.

Harry explainedrthat it had been brought to
his oﬂice by a lady who said her deceased husband
had left it to her.

zgave you the lady's address 1"’

O.
in my ofﬁce for me to return with $5,000, which
I promised to loan her on the certiﬁcate.”

“Good!” replied the gentleman. “I will go
back with you and we will have a detective from
the Wall Street Bureau meet us at the door," said
the secretary. taking up his desk telephone.

“Why,” ‘exclaimed Hammond, in. some excite-
ment. “is this certiﬁcate a forged one?”

“Oh, no; but it was stolen, together with other

“ securities, from the residence of Oliver Hobbs,

the ﬁnancier, at Cliﬁ Haven, two months ago."

“ gracious! Then this woman ”

“May be innocent of any complicity in the
theft, or she may be an accomplice of the robber
or robbers. That is what we must ﬁnd out. If
-she be the latter we may be able to zet a line
on the thief through her.”

Hammond and the secretary of the Southern
Railway Co. found a detective waiting for them
at the main entrance to the Barnum Building.
The three went directly to Hammond’s ollices.
The lady, however, was 9 longer in the oﬂice,
and‘ Harry noticed that ickey was also missing.

0

CHAPTER XI.—~Hammond Buys More Dead
Shares.

* “The lady has zone.” said Hammond, when
they walked into the private oﬁice.
"That's unfor-tufnate.” replied the secretary,
with a look of disappointment. '
‘filer disappearance doesn't speak well in her

’ favor,” remarked the boy broker.

 

“It certainlydoes not. It is very annoying
that we shouldhave 10:91:] her. I‘ expected she
would furnish us with ' formation that would
lead to the detection and arrest of the Derson

I  Twho looted the Hobbs home.”

. “Well; there is some chance of getting track
"of her again."
~ , “In,,what way?” A " _ . .
“I told my boy when I left the oﬂice to keep

5' ‘ -his eye on her. and to follow her if she left the

0&1; betore I zotback.”
“We'll wait until your boy returns." said the
secretary. “In the meantime you can give ‘us
. an outline of’ the interview you had with the

lady, and_describe her personalwappearance to‘

;— " dethctive.’ - _

 moud did so. - He had hardly ﬁmshed~be-

/fﬂl his telephone rang. ,
 ol" said Barry.’ .

.’s '7?‘ dat you, Mr. Hammond." came back Mic-

korsveiee


«liar; ,ievea‘t’ ‘you! ‘ A V

DIAMOND cur DIAMOND

But that is unnecessary. She is waiting

- there. and to phone you where they go." -

. dam to de Tombs}; ~

’that the Hercules Leasingv Syndicate had eeeuuufé

   

i‘. .
"glue oreledges we are workinsz to such = I ~
 How“ aboi:t'that lady‘! Bean,

;

5.» 

'/‘Yes. sir. Got her spotted all right.‘

“Good. Let me hear what you've done." , 2;

“I followed her out of the oﬁce and seen her. 5
meet dat sandy-headed chap dat I showed into ,4
yer oﬂice yesterday mornin'." ‘ ~‘

“You don’t mean that Mr. McNabb‘.”' ex-

claimed Hamrnond. in some surprise. ‘;
“Dat’s de chap.’,’ ' ".9 
“Where did she meet him?” A 
“On de corner of Nassau Street.” ‘
“Well?” ‘ A '
“Dey walked up to Broadway,

_ an; took a car
down to de Battery.” 7 .
.“Did you follow ?”

“Bet yer boots I did."

“Go on."

“Dey got off the car an’ went into de Bowlin'
Green Buildin’," continued Mickey. “Dat woman
took de elevator upstairs. leavin’ de man in ..
the corridor waitin' for her to come back. ~ Heis 
dere now. I couldn't follow her up in de cage. 

  

for he'd know me face, so I t’ought I'd telephone 
yer for furder orders." 
“You did right, Mickey. Hold the wire.’ 

Hammond turned to the secretary and the ..

detective and told them what his boy had said...
over the wire._ _ 
‘‘We’ll take a cab forthe Bowling Green Build- .

~..

  
  
  
  
 
  
  

ing at once,” said the detective. “Tell your boy
to shadow them if they leave before we get:

Twenty minutes later Mickey bounced into‘
the office with a broad grin on his face.
“Dey’re both pinched, Mr. Hammond.” he said.
gleefully.
“Is that a fact?” replied Hammond. with a .-
look of interest.
“Dat’s rinrht. De woman made a big seeug
when do detective nailed her, an’ yer ouptht to
have seen de crowd. De sandv-lookin" chap
started to run‘, but de _cop pulled his gun on 
an’ he stopped. De gent dat was wit’ de oﬁeer '3"
found a lot of stuff in de woman's bag dat her
said had been pinched from some place out‘; -,
town. Dey called a carriage an’ took do bot’ ‘of.

 

The photograph of the sandy-featured man
was found in the Rogue's Gallery. and he was ,
identiﬁed at Headquarters as an old oﬂ’ender..j
The end of the aﬁair was they both went up 
river after their trial and conviction. -Mr. Olivﬂ‘
Hobbs sent H_arry Hammond an elezant diamond;
ring for having been the cause of the.oav‘lu:e§-
of the crooks and the recovery of his pe1§l.y.‘,.

It was about this time that Hammond "9
ceived another letter from his friend Jack;
Adams, ‘of Goldﬁeld. The communication stated’ "

  
  

all but 90.000 shares of the Big‘ Extension  
and all but 60,000 shares of the‘ Atalanta mines‘?
“If you have taken my tip and bouzht.snyj“
of the shares of either or both of these  i
hold on to them," the letter read. “I advise V‘ "
to scour New York for every share you can
even 11" you have to pay three cents for 
We'll take any superﬂuous shares all your 
-that ﬁgure. We are almost sure   ”

  

    

  
  

   
 

 

in the Hercules mine extends into the I -

and Big sion. Of course we are ‘I '
this quiet. and youxaauat oneao 

1 r > i

 
 

   

'-whﬂlywriteyouohoutit. Bytheendofthe
month we shall commence new development work
on the Atalanta. You want to collar all the
shares you can onfthisinme before we make_a
‘strike, so as to be in on the ground ﬂoor with
the rest of us.” . ‘

Accordingly. during the balance of’the week.
Hammond made a tour of the brokers S_0n
a  hunt for Atalanta and Bill EXW-351°“
shares. He secured 10,000 Atalanta and 15.000
3% Extension at a cent a share. Then he put 8
standing advertisement in the ﬁnancial papers.
stating that he was. open to propositions for the
eele of shares of those dead mines. {av White
A‘ not the a-ﬁvertisement and called on him.

."Say, Hammond. what do you want with Ata-
lanta and Big Extensionshares?"

"- ' “I wantlto buy them if I can get them cheap

0 '»%I2h." .'

‘ -\"'{Ili‘t that the stuﬂ you bought from Chadsey
and Hedden some time 320?” __

‘Yes.’

‘There must be something in the wind in that
.' ;—&ect.ion or you wouldn't be so eager to get hold
at the stock." .

"I"l'd]'l't say there was.”

.'What are you giving for the shares?"

"Got any for sale 1"’ _

V‘ -. ‘A. few.’ said White. cautiously. ”
’_ _./~ “Give you a cent a share for all you have.
«y .‘'Won’t you give an.v.more‘ than tlllt? asked

‘lite. warily. - . , _ _ ”
r, 2''} night. though I hardly think I will. ”
"'11! i ‘ the matter over and let you know,

' ' his rival. I v

1% returned to his oﬂice_fully satisﬁed that
mend had some purpose in view in wantink
“to get hold of the Atalanta and Big Extension
deck. He had 6,000 shares of’ the former and
‘£0 shares of the latter in his safe. _
. I ‘rd a fool to sell them to Hammond the
way th' gs look. I'll bet he’s had some-com
ﬁiential information from Goldﬁeld on the sub-
SIS. I'll try and ﬁnd out what it means." '

T, He immediately wired a broker in Goldﬁeld
xiii whom he did business. asking for informa-

  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
   
 
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
        
   

  

 

a Good Haul.
\

Jay_Wlu'te received word from his Goldﬁeld
" pendent that somebody been buying up
‘igall. Atalanta and Bix Extension shares in
“the district during the past two months. Inter-
‘ ' pg-tin had gone out to the ground to try
 out the reason for this move. but there
accused to. be. nothing. doing at either of the
aims. They had both shut down mentions three
‘ before -and had not been touched since.-
exp dﬁeld man_ could
tin fact of the rich strikes in _the
mine. which abuttedon the two mines
 ‘was a ppsstihiiity that 3:
Hercules nugh extend
and Big‘ Extuaeim. but this was
_. J_¢iaamin..~<;oi.is_oia1u§rini_i:e
' ¥,n,otwork ’o£;.9&¢r,;-,!3h'l‘1l!_lll’ -niatiertlﬁiv

CEAPPER xii.’—Jay White Makes
W .

     
     

  

  

  

  

  

     
 

DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND

which had only in rare cases developed ore of -_--
similar richness in less paying quantities. There ‘ ‘
was no certainty at all that Atalanta or Big
Extension ,would be beneﬁted by the strikes in
Hercules. close as the latter was to them.

Still, of course, there was always the chance
that they might come in. Whoever had bought .
up the shares had not as yet shown any eagerness ‘"2 ,-:3
to probe the dead mines for the possible exten- =
tion of the Hercules ledges. Jay White pondered 
over this report from the West, and ﬁnally de-
cided to try’ and get hold of some more of the - 
dead shares if he could. With that view in mind ‘, ‘
he. too, inserted an advertisement in two of the 5..
ﬁnancial papers, asking for tenders of the stock. ~_ ‘*3

Before three days went by a man came into
his oﬂice and offered to sell him 10,000 shares
of Big Extension at 5 cents.

“I’ll give vou a cent a share.” said White.

The man shook his head. "

“If that’s the best you can oﬁer I'll go and 
see what Mr. Hammond oﬁers. He is advertising  w:
for the shares. too.”  

“He won't give you any more than that," re- 2‘.
plied White. 7 '

“Perhaps not. but there is no harm in seeing ,'
what he will do.’ ;

“Well. I'll give you a cent and a half a share 3;’;
for the block.’ _ 

“No.” answered the man. “They eost’me 10 
cents three years ago. When the mine stopped I
business I chucked the certiﬁcates aside as so
much waste-paper. I‘ held on to them. neve1the-
less. thinking that some day the mine might re- ’
sume business. ‘Hie moment I saw the advertise-
ments. asking for the stock. I concluded a new
strike had been made in the mine. ‘and so I came
on, hoping to recover a part of my loss.”

“'l‘h_ere hasn't been any strike.” replied White.

‘Will you tell me why you want to buy the
stock. then ?”

“I have a customer who asked me-to get him
some. that's all.”

“Then your customer must have got hold of’

  

some inside inforniation.’ 
“I tried to find out something about the Big . 

Extension by writing to my Gbldﬁeld correspon- ' A "'3

dent, but‘all I could learn was that there had’

been - me inquiry for the shares on account of
the st e in Hercules mine. which adjoins Big‘,
Extension. There is no work going on at the
mine, however, so I don’t think there’s anything
in it. I am willing to risk as high as two cents
a share for your stock, but that’s my limit. un~
less you can get more out of Hammond. I'll give
you half a cent more than he will for, your. .'.~
shares.’ '

“Well. that’: a fair proposition.” returned the
visitﬁgitrismg. “I'll come back and let you know -

   
     

    

man went in to se_e'Harry Ham'inond.f 0

“How ‘many shares have you got for sale?
ask}? Iﬁmmong. :
en ousan ." _ .  .
“I’ll give you a cent a share "for them. -A
“I can (13.  than that}; replied  Visitor.
"‘Where. as lnmon . hi aomrtnrvrlaq
“Across the corriiif * ’ s ,

        
       
   
   
     

  

   

‘Oh, i seel- Mr. White isihuying 
too. ‘Well, if itYs a fair Question. what did in
oﬂer you?” . ~ . . “ “‘

 

  

  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
     
  
  
  
  
   
   
     
  
 
 
    
  
      
   
       
       
 
     
    
   
   

A 2118

“I‘ don’t think I ought to tell you.” said the

’..rnan. after a moment's hesitation. '
4. “Very well. l’ll make you another oﬁer. I'll
i say three cents.” ~ .
i  “That's quite different from one cent.” chuckled
 the man. *'
_“'I'hat’s true. And I'm taking a risk in oﬂ’er-
~ ing you so much. The’stock may be worth noth-
ing at all. The mine has been a dead one for
some years.”

. ‘You must have heard something that would
indicate that it was coming to life again.”

. “I have heard somethingfit is true, but nothing
to warrant me paying over three cents. which
maybe lost money after all.”

‘Is that the best you can olfer?”

“That’s my limit."

“Well, I'll see if Mr. White will hold to his
‘o If he, does I shall notcome back; other-
 wise, I’ll let you havethem for three cents.”

‘Very well. sir.” answered Hammond, turning

to his desk. » ,
. As the caller did not return, Harry concluded
that Jay White had bought the stock at more
than three cents, which was a fact, for he paid
the man $350 cash for the 10,000 shares. White
also got 4,000 more shares of Big Extension from
« a young school-teacher of Paterson,‘ N. J., for
A 3100. apd 5,000 shares of Atalanta for $100.
  now owned 10,000 Atalanta and 20,000 Big
Extension, while Hammond had secured 20,000
-Atalanta and 35,000 Big Extension.

, White had!‘ made arrangements to be kept in-
n formed’ of any developments in the mines in
‘ .’qnestion. but many weeks passed before an en-
~couraging word of any, kind reached him., Ham-
mond‘ wrote his friend Adams that he had man-
‘ aged to scare up 55,000 shares of the two mines
A “in question. but that he meant to hold on to
{them as the outlay had been insigniﬁcant.

, _ Adams wrote back that the syndicate had post-
poned opening up the Atalanta for the present,
as the Hercules leaseoccupied all of their atten-
tion and was panning out first-class. Jay White
had been more or less under a cloud, ﬁnancially
since his loss in the Missouri Central. He
uldn't quite forgive Hammond for the victory
: hehad. achieved. though he had treated -him
. E)/ an the most generous manner in the
'5 men A ,
 It happened, however, that White accidentally
C tliold of inside information that a pool was
,§:ing formed to boom M. ,& N. shares. As soon
-15‘ he felt sure of his ground he bought 20,000
 at 113 on a ten per cent. margin. The
stock began to rise. and he bought 10,000 more
at 116. .'1‘wo days later it was going at_120. W1’_Ch
‘ broker on the Exchange scrambling for it.
 v had the nerve of a good operator and
“held on for big -proﬁts. When the stock
.:-‘qaclaegi 25, timid investors began to get out
item under. White, however. held on until it
mashed 133, when. taking alarm from something
 from Mr. Chadaey. he sold out.
‘fhoidumpinz of his last block of 10.000 on the
market sent; the syndicate to the wall. and a
 White didn't worry about that.
. . lierhadsgleared. above all exvenses,
  V, _ .

3
:-I

IN

  

  

  

  

   

   

   
   

nmnonn it .DIAMQlsID. _ v . 

/

CHAPTER XIII.-——I-‘oxy .Harry~ Hammond.

At last the papers came out with the news of
a strike in’ Atalanta mine. The Wall street
ticker recorded it as follows: -

“Within the last week the Atalanta. a mine
abandoned as a hopeless prospect_threo years
ago, has opened in the Nevadavtunnel an un«
known vein of ore six feet in width. At the
present time assay returns have not beat re-
ceived, so the exact value cannot be given. Ata-
lanta will be relisted on the Goldﬁeld. San Fran-
cisco and Reno Exchanges immediately.”

Of course, this was great news for both Harry
Hammond and Jay White. who had acquired
three—quarters of all the stock of the Atalanta
mine that had been originally sold in the East. In
the course of a fortnight the news from the mine
was most encouraging. The stock had been put
on the market, but very little trading was done
in it, as most of the’ stock had been withdrawn
from circulation.

Jay White was returning from his lunch one

day when he noticed an envelope lyinz in the

corridor in front of Hammond’s door. He pi

it up and saw that it was addressed to Harry
Hammond, and that the'post—mark was Goldﬂeld.
Curious toleam the name of his business rival’!
correspondent. he carried it into his own o
and. taking out the enclosure, read as followa:

“Dear Old Chappie. Well. what do you 

of the Atalanta now? We’re coming to the fore
fast. Everybody out here is trying to get hold
of some of the stock. but we're not giving up.
You ought to see the faces of those who four
months ago were glad to get rid of their Atalanta
shares at any old figure that represented money.
To-day they at kicking themselves around ‘their
backyards. an trying their prettiest to hide’-
their chagrin. But don’t say a word. Wait till
you hear the latest. And it isn't about Atalanta,
either. I have just received a telephone message
from our superintendent at Big Extension that
he has discovered an entirely new vein—-not the
looked-for extension of the Hercules-—on what.
is known as the Last Chance claim,_which he has
prospected to a depth of about forty feet. At
this depth an average sample taken across three
and one-half feet of the vein returned values of
$36 per ton. While these values are not high, as
compared with Hercules and other mines of the
same caliber. it seems to be only a matter of

sulﬁcient development work and time when such -

an ore body will pay tremendous proﬁts.
“Yours. Jack.’

“Whew!" exclaimed White, as he laid the letter
down on his desk. f‘this is the first news of a
strike on°Big Extension. It is evident Hammond
is standing in with-the owners of the mine. No
wonder he is so well informed and that be
those shares from’ Chadsey and Hedden.
got 10,000 shares of Atalanta for a cent a share,

and I-Iedden told me he sold him_e2o,ooo shares Q
of Big Extension for half a cent a share. Now, 6 «
the former iaquoted at six cents this morning. 

and as soon as the news .contained‘in this late

r

be goinzfat the ii 5 T f

It was quoted at ﬁve centa.

 

leaks out. and the mine is relisted. the latter wily:

 

        
    
    
   
    
  
  
   

1"" \ W‘, 9

DIAMOND
ﬁr-‘I_='vc0I'11d’ Dick van a  thousand shares
~  canvassed Wall Street thoroughly for
E2 Extension, but not a share could he find.
3) accident he found out that a certam Maiden
 jeweler had 5,000 -shares. and he lost no

time in calling on him. He succeeded in getting
nossession of the block at a cent a share. thouizh

 
  

he!/_ore._ He was as tickled at trotting hold of
. the shares as though he had made $1.000-
‘ “I guess, Hammond and I have got_ about all
lathe shares in New York," he said to himself. I
wonder how much he -has secured of both of
 mines?" e _
"A week later the strike at Big Extension was
heralded to the world through the Tlewsbabers. and
0 dose who had sold out ir stock at a mere
‘g were looking blue  eed. for no one could
any whatethe shares might yet be worth.
"great many eager investors called at the oﬁice
offwhite and -Hammond. seeking to purchase
 ‘of these stocks. but neither of_ the boy
linkers would let a single share get away from
item <

~ _ ‘thepourse of a few weeks‘Ata_lanta_ went
_ ually ;up to 25 cents "a share. while B_l£ Ex-
’ ‘ , as soon as it was .listed, again was
t for in vain at ten cents. The latter mine.
_ er, gave token of betters values than Ata-
ﬂw.‘ and «gradually threw the other into the
 for six months from the time the strike
: to

    

  
  
  
   
 
  

and are was being: taken out that assayed
wall 1: the price of the stock went booming
50 cents. White and Hammond met one
~ _- in the elevatqr- ‘ i
 was just talking to Hedden. He says that
afwpig lncklyou take the cake. Those shares
. fgﬁ‘ Extension you-‘bought from him for $100
 worth $I2.0&0. 3¢00l'dll'lll' to Western
' ,” ' i . - y '
‘¢y’11 bg worth $20,000 before many moons."
/ . . Hammond.
' bdkvﬁ you. How many shares have you

 
 

  

  

 {I've not quite a bunch.?’ inswered Ham-
 c§1_'.elessly,'.“and I'm on the lookout for

can exclaimed White. “Why. I thoutlit

I: and I had about all there is in New York.”

7 “So didfl,‘ but I understand there’s a inan rizht

4  gin. the %ti_r who has aomethma like’ 35.000
of B. . e '

 «~ \

‘I .‘Goe. .‘ '! You don't say.
"'3?" , . ‘lift ‘his’ holdings. . You don't want it

"you?"
take all I can zet.
cents for the lot.” ,_ _ ”
give 70 if I knew where to reach him.
H. . ;.. gmilﬂ, one of his peculiar snules.
: ‘g to his rival, disapneared inside his

  

  

    
   
 

  
   

_L . ..- ;. in a hog.” izrowlosl Jay White. as
 own-oﬂiea. “He wants the earth.
' ‘T I e ' solids williugtovdy ﬁve cents
I: A / pdcefor those 536.090 .sl_1ares.
 have received some

  
   

‘ ~' . wis cou .
“fro use-ienuaak 1"’-°i°x 13
'm* ' “ gyiocinoi the

CI’) in    

 jeweler had paid nine for it three years ,.

A White. He tore it open. glanced over it and

I’d like to Bet’

Pm“ K0lI1.Z:\tO\‘ otter . ’

 “_V,(,"4L I  I __ ‘ _ ‘

“Look here, Teddy. You and Hammond's kid
seem to be on pretty good terms these days. I
wish you would try to ﬁnd out through him who
the party is who has 35,000 shares of Big Ex-
tension, a Goldﬁeld stock. for sale. I want to‘
get it ahead of Hammond. if I can.”

“Yes. sir. I’ll pump Mickey as soon as I see
him again.” ‘ -

“Dose; and if you bring: me the information 1
want by to-morrow, it’s a ten—spot in your
clothes.” - e .

“Den youse kin betcher life I’ll try an’ earn,
it ”

Next mornini:’s Western reports showed that
Big Extension had advanced to 63 on the G0ld'1
field Exchange. White was greatly excited.

“I’ll bet it will 20 to a dollar and over. I hope

Teddy will find out the name of the man to- 0

day.” . *

Teddy didn’t find out, and several days passed»
during which interval the stock went up to 89
cents. Mickey, however, reported‘ to Hammond
that Teddy was trying to pump him about ﬁne
name of the man who owned 35,000 shares of Bk
Extension. ' . -.

“He says his boss promised him a tan-spot it

he found out. an‘ he offered to diwy. wit’ me.. ,

But how could I tell him what I don't know.
Besides, he must t'ink dat I'm a cliuxnp to give
anyt’ing belongin’ to dis office away." . e . ,
Hammond smiled and walked away. That
afternoon, however. he received a letter from his"
friend “Jack,” that made him look solemn. But’

after a moment or two one of his customary; '

seraphic smiles broke over his handsome -face.
He went to his safe. took out a bundle carefully:

wrapped up and ran: his bell for Mickey. ’ .
“Take this over to Mr. Benson at the Boruln

Bank.” ~ .
“Yes, sir," replied the oﬁice boy. and he was
oil’ like a shot. i _ A
Next morning's mail brought a letter to In}-

a shout of joy. This is what he read: -

\ .

“Mr. Jay .White: ' —
“Dear Sir.--1. have’:-35,000 shares of Big’ Ex-
tension mininz stock. of Goldﬁeld. Nevada. that
I wish to dispose of at the best ﬁgure p ssible.

}

, As you deal in Western securities, I thong‘ t you _

might be interested in this matter. Please

at my oﬂice in the Borum Bank Building ‘at ten
o’clock to-mori-ow (Thursday) if you care to make,
an oﬁer for the stock. Yours truly.

will a duck swim ?"

!

 

cHAP'l‘ER XlV.—-Conclusion:
When Jay White reached -the

ten o'clock that morning and
Benson, he was shown into the

  
 

gave W 

“George Benson.” ‘ 3 

“Will I call?" grinned White. “wen; say, 9'

 

      
       
        
   
     
    
  

    
     
      
       
       
    
        
     
          
  
     
     
  
  
     

l
\

    

;‘x-’-~- '2»; 4 ’- I

  
    
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
    
  
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
   
  
  

When the clock struck ten the gentlemen rose
” and said: _ — ‘ _ -
; 0 “Ladies and gentlemen, according to the terms
~ of my advertisement in the Wall Street‘ papers. I
am about to offer for sale to the highest bidder
above the market price, which this morning is
78, thirty—ﬁve thousand shares of Big Extension
~ ‘mining stock of Goldﬁeld, Nevada, in lots of from
" 1,000 to 20,000 shares. I have been instructed
by the owner of these shares to. state all the
facts ‘concerning the mine in question. How, until
i recently. it has been dead to the world, and now,
within the last three months it has unexpectedly
come to life again. producing enormously valu-
’able_ ore. ,
. “Now, ladies and gentlemen, the owner of this
stock, which has risen from_noth1ng to 80 cents,
has decided to dispose of his holdings and take
' his proﬁts to date. The par value of th_lS.st0t;l(
  $1 a share, and it is the current opinion In
Goldﬁeld that it will R0 to ' a premium. The
owner. however. has requested me to'*te1l you
r frankly that valuable as_the ore veins lately
discovered in Big Extension have _am1eared to
(be, that there is always >9. possibility of their
 , netering out most unexpectedly. If You buy this
‘ stock :you buy it with that fact before your
eyes. If in three. days. _or three weeks, or three
months. the Dresent glittering; prospect of the
 should evaporate into thin _‘air. or at least
. prove less valuable _than at this moment. the
mice of the shares is bound to decrease in the
“(esters exchanges. and your holdings will repre-
On the other hand. if the tgieseltlt
e i s

sent a loss. . . _
prospect continues. Big  will
place among the Nevada big dividend-payers. in
order to give smaller inventors a chance. I will
nrst oﬂer a 1,000 share certiﬁcate. The lowest
_, must be 78.” ’ M

One of the ladies held up her hand.

_ “What is your offer. madam ‘.'" .
e , “Seventy-eight.” _ , - _

“I am oﬂepd '7_8 for this 1,000-share certiﬁcate.
Any other bid 2”

«' Jay. White watched Hammond closely, but that
$01132 broker never made an offer. One of the
present bid '79 and another 80. The other
lady bid 81, another 82. and it was ﬁnally knock-
down at 35-

‘;Whowants another 1,000-share certiﬁcate at
‘Several bid. and Mr. Benson disposed of ten at

‘a 6,000-share certificate. Who
“at 85.» Then White jumped up and said

" . ” said Hammond. quietly-
‘Eighty-eiglit,” nodded ‘White.
” ".Nise." 1: Hammond. .-
“I«’l1 give -ninety!” cried White.
Qyfr. Benson lool:ed.inquiringly_at Harry Ham-
cl, hut—the,boy broker shook his head. _
’s Y0§_ltS..M1‘. White," said the. cashier, “at
 above the market price.”
  01!. Mr. _.Benson’s desk. and the
 ‘ ',_him the certiﬁcate with a bill of
_ *1;-om tho; Boruxn.,-Bank.  .
‘ Jiennon. “I heave. only the 20.-

    

  

  
  

certiﬁcate ieit.‘ -who wislzu; '

are

 DIAMOND our DIhMOND

‘mean?’

one, two, three with Hammond in the brokerage‘

their business rivalry." and the ﬁrm 0
. & White is now one

    
 

 n-ajsuw he  4

#1

$20,000 a week from to-day, or it may only be
worth $10,000 or $12,000. That’s the risk people
take with all stocks.”

Everybody in the room looked interested, and _.
each wondered if there would be any bidding on ..
such a large block

“Are you going to bid on that certiﬁcate?’
asked Harry of ~White.

“I certainly am,” replied his one-time chum.

“You're foolish, White. There's liable to be a
break in the price of the stock any time at
Goldﬁeld.”

“How do you know?” asked White. incredu-
lously. ~ ‘

“I heard so yesterday afternoon.” »
“How much for this stock?" asked Mr. Benson.
holding the package above his head. ’ ‘ ‘

“I’ll give ninety,” said White. '

“Ninety-one,” bid Hammond.

“Two!” from White.

“Three!” shouted his rival. excitedly.

“Five!” said White. coolly. ~ ,

“All right, old man, the stock is yours at 95,’
said Hammond, turning on his heel and

out of the room, leaving his rival to pay $19,000, ‘HQ’.

for the certiﬁcate. _ _
When Jay Whitereturned to his own oﬂee
with the two certiﬁcates for 25,000 shares of
Big Extension in his pocket, for which he had
paid $23,600, he began to realize that in ‘his
anxiety to get ahead of Hammond he had prob- A
ably made a fool of himself. He had paid $4,500 *
more than the market price in Goldﬁeld for that E 4
shares. He was a bit reassured, however. next 
day when the Western reports showed that Big j 11?
Extension had recovered and gone up to 81. ' ‘ 0
On_ the following Monday he- felt still lame! 1'"
when he saw the stock quoted at 85. Big Extur ' r.
sion, however, never went higher. The priceate “‘
once began to go down, although the mine seen» 1.,
ed to show as good results as ever. It went down ' 
to 75 and then gradually to 65, greatly to 
disgust. as well as the consternation of all who _
had purchased it at top—notch prices. At last‘
news came that the bottom had fallen out of the
mine, and the stock tumbled in a hurry to 10”
cents. The day that the news reached New York,
Hammond met White in the corridor of the BIF
num Building. ' to
“Well, I told you that you were foolish to buy ,
that stock.” Harry said. 0
“What did you bid on it for?" , 
“Just to see how much I could get for the
stock." ‘
“How much you could get?

 

3

 

 
   
         
        
   
   

What do 

“Why. those were my 35,000 shares, that's all. ,
Benson was selling them for me.” —
Jay White looked as if he, had just lost his
best friend. He turned on his heel and entered
his oﬂice. It came out all ridit between them
in the end. White acknowledged that he wean‘!

   
         
 
  

business. and Hammond made him happy‘; y’
offering to take him intopartnership. That ended
Hamizigul
of the most rosberoas .¢

  
     
       

in. Wall Street» /. . ..— 
. Next ,w=9ek's..i_asuo  centsin"!g sr‘ ‘
, E;>or..A , L _

 

  
 

  

SCIENCE ‘PROGRESS IN U. S.

- Because she is teaching her pupils that the
earth is flat Mrs. C. E. Critchlow, a Palm Beach.
 school teacher, has been asked to resign.

  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
    

FIND SNAKES IN MOTORS
Each year brings its own quota. of snake
stories, but the snakes in Doniphan County, Kan.,
this year manifest an attitude of being entirely
lip to date. A few days ago young James Sax-
hm drove into town from his farm residence, and
fqund, much to his surprise, a blacksnake coiled
within the tonneau of the car, when he opened
the tonneau door.
W. 3. Morris also took a snake riding. He had
The a few miles distant from home to disk corn.
abort time’ after returning home he found the
llInh_au the running-board of the car, its body
cut with "a deep, ugly gash. He thinks the disk
god over it and for protection the snake sought
‘ t0nneau_ of the auto.
»’n:e condition of the papers therein indicated
x ‘much, and after the car had stopped its jour-
 Snake had reached the running-board

An Exciting Detective Novelette
" V » .- \ ‘THE TALKINGDOG”
 ' By Frank Blighton

 

_~»  A New Two-Part Serial
_ C3"“"'1’HE GHOSTS OF ALWYN LODGE” ‘
D By Jean Ross

 

 readings of your handwriting in the
  ~ ‘department
 HANDWRIHNG REVEALS"

~4

 
  

     

‘.2  . R

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
CURRENT NEWS

“ BOYS, READ \ THIS!

Listen in on your radio {to the stories being broadcast by WJZ from

“MYSTERY MAGAZINE”

' ‘L ,_ Then you will hear what dandy stories we-are issuing in that publication. They must be
'3 good or the Radio ‘Corporation of America would not put them on their programs. If you
__ like the story sent out over the air, why don't you get a copy of the magazine, read the
one that was broadcast and all'the rest in the publication ‘I.

Here is what No, 164 contains:

 7 V  all these splendid stories. the magazine. contains a large 
'  '.  _ ‘her of interestiimitemsn .

21

in an attempt to reach mother earth, where per-
haps he felt more at home.

CHINESE BRIDE PUSHED BY “FIRST
WIFE’S GHOST”

Claiming that she was pushed by the ghost

of her prospective husband's deceased wife, a .

Chinese bride-to-be caused a sensation in the
street outside Hatamen gate, Pekin, recently b
leaping from the bridal sedan chair in whic
she was being conveyed to her prospective hus-
band's home.

As the girl sat weeping in the dust she ex-
plained to the go-between representing the
groom's family, and to the crowd which gath-
ered, that as she was entering the chair at her
own home -she observed a disheveled woman fol-
lowing her. Suddenly she felt herself propelled
out of the chair. She felt convinced, she said,
that she was under the spell of the ﬂrst wife,
who naturally felt annoyed at seeing her former
place about to be usurped. _

After much persuasion ‘the bride was Induced
to proceed to the ceremony and there was no

further mishap.

Six Rousing Detective and Crook Stories:
‘THE SWINGING SHADOW"
‘ . By Hamilton Craigie
(This is the story broadcast by WJZ)
“LIFE IN DEAD ASHES” ’
By Joe Burke
“THE CIGARETTE BU'l'l“’
By J. Kleier
“SHOES”
By Frederick Davis
“THREE I-‘OR SEATTLE"
By Earl W. Scott
. “EASY MONEY”-
By\ Daniel Edgar Kramer

A / -7 . ". '

  

.' . ",4 5‘

  

. 22

 ‘Rob ...a the Reporters

Hustling for War News by Wheleu

 
 

 

 

if By GASTON GARNE '

(A Serial Story.)

 

CHAPTER XIII.
An Anxious Night.

“Go ahead,” said Thompson. “We turn the job
over to you.”- , I
Now the truth was Rob was as much turned
around as any of them, but the land was level

 

  
 
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
    
   
   
  
 
   
    
  
   

' the treetops, he knew what to do. _

' Pushing on until he came  a particular}? $811

oak. Rob climbed it, and to his great satisfaction

 the tower at a less distance than he had
d.

After that it was easy. They soon gained it,
but only to ﬁnd that the soldiers had been there
aheadofthem. th f __ hdbee

Everythint in e way 0 'D!'0V_lsl0!lS a 1:
taken, as well as certain other things. The mat-

_tresaes, however, remained. .

Their ﬁrst thought now was of the wireless 8P‘
"paratus, and Rob ran upstairs to look into the
matter, while Brown started to look for the car.
. “It's all right!” he called down. "They dont
seem to have been up here.’’'

' The car being all right. too. the reporters de-

, sided that they had every reason to congratulate
themselves. * _ ‘

The ﬁring and cannonadmg had now ,_ceased and

paratus should be put into_commission again.
Brown was for doing this at once, but Thomp-

son suggested that they wait an hour or so, which

‘ was done; all then remaining quiet, the plant was

, iestored to its former condition an Rob resumed

- 1 his work catching several impor t radiograms

u ’ the ﬁrot hour. Among others was one telling of
the surrender of Ghent to the Germans, which

.. was sent to the London papers and the Earth.

‘* The day was now wearing on. V

I “We've got to eat," declared Thompson. “I see
nothing for it but to make a bold dash with the

 car and,see what can be picked up.”

I "Which way shall we go?” asked Rob. “Ghent

is barred out.”

 ".'I'll head for Donny," replied the reporter.

~“Perha s I shan't have to go so far. Dewey and

um shall go with me." Brown can stop here to
thee that you don't skip out."

“Oh, you 'needI\’t be afraid of that now,”
 Rob. “I've ot used to you fellows and
jib my job too well 5 throw it ‘up-" ’ _

2 lifter they were gone Brown sat down to write

A’ staff which_he1_‘¥honed tofuﬁnd aﬂécﬁgnbce

  

  

   

  
    

and, recollecting that the tower rose slightly above.

the question arose as to whether the wireless ap--

side, shouting Brown's name.

 zine” are dandios or WJZ wouldjuot 

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

“I wish they were back,” he said. “They've
been. gone a long while now. I'm afraid some-
thing has happened. Getting anything?”

ﬂRob showed him the radiograms he had pulled
o .
Among them were several in French and Ger-
man, which he had caught letter by.letter.

Brown, who could read both languages, ‘pro-
nounced them of slight importance.

“All the same, we'll hold on to them." he added.
“Jack may see them diﬁerently.”

R ‘l‘)Can he read French and German?” asked

0 .

“Only: French," was the reply; “the other boys .
can't read either. It's a handicap.”

“I should say it was. I know I find it so.”

“You must be very tired, Rob.” ’ '

“Indeed, I am."

“Why don't you lie down and snatch a little
sleep?”

“I hate.to. There’s no telling what I may .
miss.”

“But you don't want to wear yourself out. That
won't pay. I’ll help guard.” ,

Thus urged, Rob went downstairs and, throwing
himself upon one of the mattresses, was soon

p.

When he awoke it was with a start, and a cry
rin g in his ears. "

I e jumped up, struck a match and looked at
his watch, which had not been taken from him -_;
by the Germans. -4

It was after midnight, and yet it seemed to 
him that he had only been asleep a few minutes. ' A -

Among other things which had been taken.was
the lantern which the reporters used downstairs, ,
but there was another upstairs. Rob groped his *‘
way to the foot of the flight, and shouted: »i

“Say, Brown. hold the.li2'ht so I ‘won’t break
my neck coming up."

There was no answer. ’

“He must be asleep,” thought Rob, and, he gj
groped his way up as best he could to ﬁnd the "‘
place deserted. .;

“Where can he have gone?” thought Bob, I ‘, ;,:'
1s‘ense‘of the loneliness of his situation seizing g

1m ’ ‘

At the same instant a loud cry rang out. The 4
words were in German and instantly there came 5.‘
an answering cry .in the same language. 7'

‘‘There!'’ muttered Rob." ‘‘I thought I dreamed A;
it, but there was some one hollering, after all." '

He descended the stairs hurriedly and went out»

“Oh, Rob!” came the answer. “Come over’ '7
here if you can see my light. I'm in the wood:
behind the tower.” , ~

Bob ran around the tower and quickly spotted
the light at a distance amoing the trees.

“I see it!” he shouted. “What the deuce, am
you doing there, anyway?”

(To be continued.)

         
           
      
     
         
 
 
 

    
 

-  4*‘: “3!*“’*’*-T“

    
   
   
 
  
    
   
  
   

\

LEFT BY THE
NS

The ammunition left by the Germans}: North-

" ern‘ France and‘ Belgium attire termination 0f
~ v the war has been successfully disposed of. Dur-
ing the last two years some 14,000 tons of Ger-
man ammunition of agvery dangerous character
has been brought to the coast and dumped In the
_ .~» ocean about two and a ha_lf_ miles from the shore.
; "‘5 without any accident having occurred from explo-
sions, either during the transportation or dump-
ing operations.

THE AMMUNITION
’ - GERMA

HYMN WRITER SPOKE FIFTEEN
LANGUAGESI M d to
2. e sdui-in his omz'eeir.
'tedI<':hhqe::ﬂt‘rahvel¢;,netc., Samuel Francis Smith
was known best as a hymn writer, ‘having pro-
dueed more than 600 sacred and. atriotic gs——-
‘‘America’’ and “The Morning ight Is cak-
' bein the best known. -’
lngbctor mith was a linguist. He could speak
- andwrite ﬁfteen languages. Besides “America”
 Doctor Smith wrote some sixty other patriotic
hymns or, odes. “America” was the ﬂowering of
a deep and mature passion for home and country.
. Dozens of his hymns are still sung in the churches
 the -land. such as “Blest Be the Tie That
‘ iiids." _
 When a friend wrote of the translation of
“America” into Japanese in 1895 he related the
~  of a visit of two. American women, who had
been isolated for eight years at an interior In-
1 E (5331 mission to an American man-of-war in t
":“‘o‘z-ient, when one wept for joy as the band play
‘ "'America” and the other fainted. Then Doctor
‘Smith sat down and wrote “Echoes of America."

 N TELEPHONE POLE FOR FIVE
‘mm 0 HOURS

t l h ole fo ﬁve hours
'WIEatlr1:o:)e(?)e:lt:Ill)cea ofe Fegedngugngle, Broadwater,
ugh, a former Cass County man. Swingle.
..perched on a cross arm ‘while the mad, swirlimr
ﬂood waters of the Botna River threatened him,
i was almost exhausted when rescued. _
 jg,-_ swing] .wasien route from Lewis to At-
-,-Luh.ntic _when t e accident occurred. The reach
.( the wagon he was traveling in brokeshortly
after the vehicle entered a port of the ﬂooded area
 the hi‘ hway west of Lewis. The wagon box
its-«whir ed around and dashed against a tele-

glgone le. Swingle caught the pole and eventu-
agéiinlm

r

  
    
 
 
  
  
      
   
   
   
   
 

     
   
  
 
   

  
 

  

  
 
 

     
  

     

  

to the cross arm...

M_ painter, driver of the wagon, and

s four-‘year-old son remained in the ﬂoat-

:~ box and were carried down stream a

‘ before a landing was eﬂlected. It took res-
" * hour beformthey succeeded in landms‘

B’ from a point in the river

’  g when a tel
 at.tb;"ﬂﬁ0nth.8hﬂk.
of--the dc:

  

     
      
     
     

 
 

  

 

hone‘ wire was
X boat was ‘fes-

       
    
   
   

EAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
‘coon READING

 

 

WRECK OF CONDOR FOUND, IS BELIEF

Discovery of what is thought to be the hull of
the old British sloop-of-war Condor, which was
wrecked with the loss of 104 lives, Dec. 2, 1901.
is reported from the west coast of Vancouver Is- ,_
land, not far from Victoria. The remains of the " ’
h_ull are so deepl embedded in the sand below
tide level that di culty is being experienced by
investigators. Vigorous efforts to discover deﬁ-
nitelﬁewhether the wreck is that of the Condor
will made the next few weeks. _. _ ‘ ~.

The Condor, which was one of the best known
and finest shi s of her time in the British navy. ~
sailed from ictoria, B. C., on the afternoon of
Dec. 2, 1901. That night a terriﬁc gale swept up
the Straits of Juan de Fuca. A few. days later 5!
single life-belt“, bearing the word “C¢mdor"
ﬂoatedinto thevharbor, and that was the last ‘
trace ever found of the crack man-of-war. Of
the 104 men aboard the vessel not one escaped. ‘ B. ,

Where and how the vessel foundered has been ‘  .~ «fa
one of the most baffling mysteries of the North "
Paciﬁc. If her hulk has been_ discovered now she
is one of a_la.rge company of vessels which have 2
gone to their doom on the rﬁckbound coast of this ‘
island, called the “graveyar of the Pacific.” .—;.‘»‘

Experts of the British Columbia Historical .  V
Museum at Victoria are examining a piece of- \
timber found recently on the west coast of the is— « ‘ -
land and believed to be part of the hull of a 11
Spanish galleon. This wood was found buried‘ E .
in the sands at a point frequented by the Span- V
iards during their original occupation of. this
territory. V

A‘ “Mystery Magazine” ‘T ' 
Semi-Monthly 15 cents a copy ~ '

153 THE Ml-TDICINE DROPPER. In’ G. I’. Wllsall. }'
157 A Ql'7l-IR’l'l0.\‘ OF‘ KKICK. by ltiigen» Jones, : V‘
158 THE MYSTERY OF ROARING ‘V.-\'l'ERS,' -bf, ’ l« ““‘

Ilarry Adler. .
159 THE Rl\’l'-In PIRATES. hv minilltnn Cnugig

160 THE SHADOW OF‘ A NOOSR, by Jack Rechilol; ,i.
161 .§'l“‘.’ A. .\l.. hy Beulah Pﬂynter.

16'.’ THE l.\"l‘RlGI'l53RS. hv Grover Rlrlvroll,
1625 THE LOCK A.\D KEY, hy Hamilton Ci-nigh,

THE TALKING DOG
By FRANK BLIGHTON
01:: Today in No. IGI

HARRY E. W0l.FF._Publisher. Inert‘ 
166 West 23d Street New York City _  

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
     
    

 

  
 
  
   
 
  
    
    
 
    
 

“Moving Picture Stories” k V d

A wqeuy uuuuu nontoa to 1-toioolau  '_“
PRICE TEN CENTS'PER COPY A

Each number eoaulu Three Stones 0 ‘

o or -— -
to screen 1'.‘ at nut tone  Egﬂ the; Pl: C
-Blniereetlng A’ $5,011! no-3:»: {:0 1e. 1:‘

—-Dom ct Anti" d Aetnucl
zlgniusonqn   ,

ngxiir’ ‘E. wonrr. 

x

  

    
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
    
 
  
  
  
    
   
    

TACKS PREVENT NOISE

Rubber head tacks inake excellent feet for
radio cabinets. They absorb slight shocks and
jars to some extent, and prevent marnng of the
top of the table on which the set rests.

RETURN D_EFEC'I'IY'E PHONES

The amateur radio enthusiast should make no
attempt to repair a pair of defectxvejelephone
‘ receivers. The wire on the bobbins mslde the
case is as ﬁne as a hair and often can hardly
be seen at all. The phones should be returned to

the manufacturer just as soon as they go dead.

METERS AND KILOCYC_l.-ES _ _

Meters vs. kilocycles is the conflict 1‘9~§"18,1T!

some listeners’ minds these days. _But conversion

of either one into the other is’ simple. If you

i have meters and wantvkil les, d1v1de_3OO,000

by the number of meters. I you have kilocycles

and-_want meters, divide 300,000 by the number
of lnlocycles. ’

CUTTING LARGE HOLES _
making g_.;,e.in¢h _ho1es.1_n anels for be1.e1s_ is
i usually a tiresome Job, but ere Is now availa-
‘b|ggtalowpriceatoollmownasa“washer
,,,gte,,-v e-this ﬁts in a regular brace, and holes
 tlu-ee—qnarters to two inches in diameter
t-‘can be cut with it in a few minutes. ,

‘ « , REFLEXES
A reﬂex circuit allows the use of a_crystal de-
. tector which gives clearer reproduction than _a

to . .

. ' liﬁed d th ex-
_;,Lr.sefo:f¢ 3::-?:i:nml: ggsluiclgdg as bftlteriese and
tubes last longer. The reﬂex IS a_ combination of
‘radio and audio frequency ampllﬁcatlfma 33 35119
‘ currents of different frequelwies 31:9 3“P°1'“'°‘
posed upon each other, and after passing through
the tubes once they are reﬂex_ed thrmlgh the 53319
jnbeg for further ‘ampliﬁcation.

:: x . LET THIS GUIDE YOU

‘ , . Do not expect"bo0 much from a cheap ready-
V A frsgttzllent source of distortion is in the use
 of too much B battery. , _

 0” of the easiest ways of shielding a setis
’ “.2!  reﬂex set does not usually produce
-alﬂciont volume to successfully operate a loud
7. spealter unless the broadcasting is in the neith-
-’.. ho:-hood7o the receiving antenna.’ b

, use 3 to battery for your detector tu e.

[733 g “ ” batter-zeon ampliﬁers. _ _
E Turn‘ oﬂ your to s the moment you stop 115-

 connect an ammeter across a battery.

D ' -SHORT AERIAL BEST . T
era ’ofbroodcastin,x'has‘\taught the radio

     
 

 

  
 
  

   
   

       

A .reﬂex economizes in tubes,

‘ new ones.

 l .as well. a countless number of 2
‘if  wire-0:: the wire

 

_ ‘
‘FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

mrsiu-zsrtnc RADIO NEWS ‘AND:l-llN1?S

aerial for receiving work. First of all it de-
creases the capacity and increases the inductance,
which means that electricity is cut down, and the
signal voltage that can be delivered into the sec-
ondary is greater. ,
Another thing that has been found out con-
cerns the length of the aerial. Formerly long
aerials were considered desirable and essential,
but now things have changed. With modern re-
generative sets it has been found that a single
wire aerial 75 to 80 feet long will permit of as
great a volume ‘as one 150 feet long, and at the
same time will permit much greater selectivity.

 

RADIO HYPNOSIS

One of the first experiments in radio hypnosis

as made recentl by Prof. Joseph Dunninger,
who,_,._from WHN hroadcasting station controlled
Leslie B. Duncan. twenty-year-old “human nin-
cusluon,” of No. 1696 Broadway, who was in a
Park Place office. i

Joseph Kraus, a field editor, conducted the D

Manhattan end of the experiment, which was
watched by a group of newspaper reporters. Un-
der the spell" of the h '
man P1ncush_1on” gradu ly became rigid and Mr.
Kraus laid him, head to feet, between two chairs.

Then Mr. Kraus sat upon.Mr. Duncan, but the
latter retained his rigidity, despite Mr. Kraus’s
169 pounds.

fessor Dunninger called a release over the wire-

ess. . .

. After a two-minute interval Professor Dun-
ninger again took long distance control of Dun-
can, who resumed his ri ‘d state. This time
Kraus jabbed a pin throng the ﬂeshy portion of
Duncan's forearm. which roduced a visible ef-
fect upon the audience. T en Professor Dunnin-
ger signalled the second and ﬁnal release.

 

WELL-KEPT’ TOOLS

Not many tools are necessary for the home con- 7

struction of radio receiving sets, but the diet
that must be used require just as much care as
the equipment of an big machine sho .
workman, no matter ow capable, can 0 good
work with dull drills, rusty ii

you have and you will always be ready to do
good work. .
Steel twist drills used for making holes ‘in
gakelite usually become dulled rather quickly,
ue to the toughness of the material. Th‘
teur mechanic should make no attempt to
them‘ himself, assthis is a delicate o
uiring a special holder for the dr'
s ill on the part of the one
are not expensive, so perha
to discard the used ones

and much

han ' it. Drills’
s it gﬁd be better.
V the: and to list)‘
The one enemy of files is us
bakelite dustrgan easily be shaken or brushed oil.
but when the steel mate its actual surface It
1, is: eaten away. An occasional bath. in

      

notist’s voice, the “Buy

This experiment ended when Pro- —

Nos

es and bent screw- —’ *
drivers. Therefore, clean and oil whatever tools , -’

.> u:

ration 20- ,

  
        
    
  

 > .-uaivi-;-16' '

   
 

\

is the most eifective treatment for preventing
ﬁts action. _ _
‘Tools such as screwdrivers, chisels, center
mes, scribers, calipers, squares, etc., which
few or no moving_parts, require onl care-
ful cleaning with an oiled rag  keep t em_ in
ﬁnd working condition. The points of marking
-V tools should be sharpened Just ‘as soon as they
~— cease to cut properly; a dull point means an in-
‘- ' distinct line on the surface of the panel,’ or no
' line at all.

RADIO AND THE CLIMATE

,‘Are radio broadcasting stations responsible for
. late summers and early winters‘! A\P_attersonvil_le
N. Y., farmer believes so and promises frost in
August because of the activity of radio stations.
In a’letter to WGY, Scenectady, N. Y., he ex-
pounded his theory as follows: _ _
“This broadcasting of music is good extermin-
ment for the people of different parts of the coun-
try. But why is the weather so cold?
' k hat transmission of power throu h
‘th:Ialrhmfre§zes all the heat out of it. T
twuity. broadcasting stations in the New England
States alone! Why, we have had cold summers
‘fa’: three years. ever since they started broad-
casting music and entertainments. Four or five.
7 years ago when there wasn't any station trans-
 power we had warm summers. You know
" f when it is hot in the summer there are
. Now there aren’t any, and why?
!‘When itfis a hot day and a thunderstorm goes
over the lightning _burns most of the heat and
after the storm it is nice and cool. Now, when
bout ten or fifteen stations get a-going for about
we hours each day, the electricity rom these
iatations burns more heat than ﬁfty storms. Here
It in July already and it is so cold the grass
‘”«hiean't show any life. the trees are bare _and in
“August we will have frost. The weather is alto-
gemher different from what it was years ago.
What are the farmers going to do?"
1

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
    
  
  
   
    
     
    
      
   
    
    
 
   
     
 
    
 
   
   
   
  
  
  

‘ i‘ WIRED. WIRELESS BROADCASTING

Wire wired broadcasting, as ca_rrie<_i on by
., n-ed Radio, Inc., over the electric _light and
., power wires of the Staten Island Edison Com-
J.‘ y, has been going on for the past two Years-
.. technical work is under the direction of R.
gl). Duncan, Jr., former assistant to Gen. George
.‘ Squire. The distribution system selected is
{admirably adapted for experimental work of this
yawn, as it combines a si 1e and a,three- hase
‘ or distribution at‘. 2,800 nd 6,600 '-volts. hen,
it is almost in the shadow of numerous pow-

broadcasting stations and is in the path of

mu
I
:45

ii vat-,.,mount of ship-to-shore radio communica- _

d't' h ' e absolute as-

. ".".‘°a'i‘."‘ J.-i‘$’e’If y.?¥§i..‘;' eriigineers’ um

 radio is proof against interference. Trans-

gluten has been successful on both overhead and

H" I V .1 lines, although attenuation of sig-

’ia‘ somewhat greater incables than in aerial

. From the prograinanzlea 1? “$139373

».& subscribers to‘this Wire_d r8d10_ P083‘

 liaveuheeii _g$lS8t‘lSﬁ¢da!:.1tllTl::I;
-ﬁgij _-limited a si e 1110;!‘ ‘

 no  To solve this drawback.

“tion.

‘U

A have been,at work on ways and

  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

. length and

3  ‘wireless. IB§'VJ'¢¢o-A

  

 

25 54‘

and present indications are that shortly this ser-
vice will include three programs transmitted
simultaneously, with any program tuned in by the
present subscriber’s receiving apparatus.

THE RADIO “KNIFE" FOR THE SURGEON
Application of radio impulses to a surgeon's ,

knife which burns its way through the tissues of
the body, cauterizing as it passes and thus pro-
duces nearly bloodless surgery, is claimed by Dr.
L. E. Schmidt of Chicago. With the use of the
new instrument, two operations for cancer of the
bladder have been performed successfully, so it
is stated. A low-power radio transmitting set is
used to generate the current. The “knife,” which
is about half the breadth of a lead-pencil and
resembles a knittin needle, forms one terminal.
The other is appli to the patient. The human
tissue offers resistance to the passa of the cur-
rent when the knife is applied. he resistance
causes heat. The knife burns itself through the
skin, fat and muscle quickly and without pres-
sure. The set is equipped with two 50-watt pow- -
er tubes and condensers. The current oscillates
at the_ rate of 40,000 cycles per second, with a
potential of 800 volts and a current output of
450 milli-amperes. The one advantage the radio
needle has over the knife is that it prevents loos
pf blood, unless a large arte should be sev-
ered, in which case ligatures s ould have to be «~
applied. The patient is thus saved the usual
shock that follows major operations.

ARLINGTON TIME SIGNALS

Twice daily Station WBZ is turned out to a
point almost directly underneath the areal. This
is done so that time ‘signals can be intercepted
from Arlin Va., on the 2,650-meter wave
re roadcast on WBZ's 337-meter ~
wave. WBZ is turned out by means of a special I
receivin equipment located in a shack not more
than‘ 1, 00 feet from the radio station and
towers.

Time signals are received from Arlington and
sent to the broadcasting station oii.the roof of a
buildi 1,000 feet_away by means of a lead-cov-
ered ca le. This is done daily at 11:56 A. M.
and at 9:50  M. Eastern Standard Time. . '

_The receiving apparatus is installed in ii spe- '
cial trunk. The trunk contains the receiving ap- ,
aratus._ the ampliﬁers and all the batteries, ,

verytliing inlhe trunk is shielded. so there are 1.
‘no leads outside to .pick up the energy from the 
station. The_trunk is copper-lined to shield it }
from any station _interfe.rence. It is also grounded . V 
to prevent any pickup from the station aerial.

Besides the trunk are two wave taps which-
tune out WBZ while the Arlington signals are
being picked u . Two traps must be used, be-
cause the sign I sent out by WBZ is so strong
that one must absorb the loss of the -other. .

The Arlington, receiver is automatically con. . "
trolled from the station itself. When the switches
on the station control boa are clwal the neces-
sary relays in_the receivin shack areclosod, and
the shack equipment is put in operation.

 Say. boys,doyou know thataoiuoof  "
storiesin“MysterylIazuine”arebioei€ '
¢8Stb¥W.JZ'-’  ‘l, i 

  
     
       
   

  
  
  

    

  

  

      
   
   
 

 

 26
E  and Fortune .Weokly

 

NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 5, 1924
TERMS . TO SUBSCRlBERS'

Single Copies

 

................ . .PoItage Free 8 Cents
gm Copy Three Month: .... .. . " “ .00
no Copy six Months ....... .. " " 2.00
One Copy One Year . . . . . . . . . .. " “ 4.00

Canada, $4.50; Foreign, 85.00.

HOW To SEND MONEY-—At our risk send P. 0.
Kobe)’ Order. Check or Registered Letter; remittances
in any other way are at our risk. We acce t Postage
Stain s the same as cas . When sending alver wrap
-the oin in a svaysarate piece of paper to avoid cutting
-the envelope. rite your name and address Pllilllh

HARRY E. WOLFF, }Barry E. wont. Pres.

 

Publisher, 11112., Charles E. Nylander, 
166 W. 23d Si’... N. Y. L. F. Wilaln. Treaa.

   
   
 
    
  
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
    
   
    
  
     
  
 

'ITEMS OF INTEREST

CUTS CHERRY THREE BUT GETS TEN DAYS
George Washin on chopped down a cherry

. tree, told the trut and got two terms as Presi-
dent of the United States.

" _, chopped down a che tree, told the truth and
got ten da in ‘ail rom Magistrate Miller in
Jamaica, . Y. ondura was arrested for cut-
ting a tree in Forest Park, Queens. He told the
magistrate he got 5 cents a bunch for cherry
branches from soft-drink venders, who use the
. branches to decorate their stands.

RETIRES AFTER 52 YEARS
“We’re all son-y to see you :0, Joe, and wish
w you joy, prosperity and a long life,” was the sen-
, timent of the farewell sulutation given by hun-
reds of employees of Steinway & Sons piano
'. . ‘factory. Ditmars avenue, Astoria, to Joseph
‘ Fﬁeissner, 72 years old, of 54 Payntar avenue,
‘ Long Island City.

 For more than half a century, ﬁfty-two years,
 to be exact, Heissner had worked in the piano
wt factory, During all that time he seldom missed
‘ lalday. He was popular with all of his fellow em-
p ees. - .
’ e veteran piano maker, who so ed in nearly
" every department of the factory, i ﬁginf to live
‘ in retirement at his home where he s ived for
. forty years in the Dutch Kills section of Long

, Island City. .

g ’ BUTTONS ‘RETURN
 Modernism is creeping into the ranks of the

ipering nearly 1,000, iving in and near the vil-
lage of'Cr lian, N._ Y. Properly speaking. they
are Amish ennonites. , ,
.».'—’I'he rigid laws of the sect have remained in-
violatmfrom the days that footgear was worn.
Guaatare taboo’ in the colon . Buttons on their
 d ' the eary days of the Civil
now. nadornment of person is one
  Itisesin foroneof their
 to cover her ears with her hair; it must be

Joseph Pondura, No. 273 Mulberry street,‘

“Rook and Eye" Ba tists, a strange sect num--

yd:-awn  from the forehead and with-

1:.

 ANl) ‘FORTUNE WEEKLY A
out curl or wave cling tightly to the back of the’

head and conﬁned

Black is generall
summer and a h in winter. _
but the plainest clothing are forbidden
th make an ornamental turn. Concealedhooks
an eyes are substituted and it is from this rule
that the sect gets its popular name. As a rule
the women, especially the younger ones, are fair
to look upon and some of them might emerge’
from a -Fifth avenue hair dresser’s and
“raving beauties." With their soft speech,
dowqcast eyes and extreme modesty these de-
mure misses, however, would be strangely out of
place in the resorts where jazz, bobbed hair, scant
costumes, rouge and ﬂappers ﬂourish.

There is no poverty among this sect and the
Golden Rule is ever operative. When necessaay
they are ready to share thgr possessions wi
others.

However inspired to reaction, it is a fact that
the younger members of the sect have dicscarded
hooks and eyes and actually forced the elders to
modify the laws, permitting the use of buttons.
Moreover, members have been permitted to pur-
chase‘ trucks and tractors for farm work, and-
now repare for a shock—some of the faithful
have n allowed to buy automobiles!

in a coarse net.
worn, with a sunbonnet in

 

Civilian-—Will you please tell me what division
that red stripe on your arm represents‘! Ex-

Doughboy—Sure that's the division between Inc
and Uncle Sam. \ _

Mr. Phlat_ry—“Will you be my partner for a
game of budge?” »Miss Sweetie-—“Why do you
choose ‘me?’ “Mr. Phlatry—“Because you have
such wummg ways.”

 

First Boy—It’s 6 o'clock. Let's go home.
Second Boys—Nit! If we go home now we'll get
licked for stayin’ out so late. If we stay till
eight we'll set buzzed and kissed for not bein'
drowned. -

 

Census Taker—What is yo , 2
Mrs. Neighbor--Did the womalrlir £51? agﬁdzite
her age? Census Taker-—Certainly. Mrs. Neigh-
bor—Well, l’m two years younaer than she "is.

 

, “Jones and his wife are q 1' “in n
“Oh, yes!” “I thought they bu3{‘ehr°ti:"h:whecI"
“Well, so they did, but the very next time Mrs.
Jones had to chop the kindling she dug it up_"

 

Father—Why did you spend that auarte I
you? Bobby—I helped a little boy whorwm

some candy. Father—0h, that’s all rizht. Who ’

was the little boy? Bobby-—Me.

 

Older Sister—-Gladys, you've been kissing Mop.
ain. Don't you know‘ its naughty to kiss dog:
ya who is prccocious)—It’s all very well
you to talk. You're entailed and can kiss
Husaard. __ ' . ~ _ i

‘I

5?,

.e
‘S':''

   

No jewelry, not
because’

  
  
   
 

   
  
 
 
  
  
    
 
  
 
   
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
 
   

camp masmcss CONTINUE IN

KENTUCKY

Although there is a growing sentiment against
 practice, Kentucky continues to be known the
country over for-.the large number of child.mar-
‘mazes. Particularly in the eastern and moun-
jtain sections are youthful marriages of common
occurrence and the custom recognized as an in-
‘stitution. ~- / ‘
Harriage statistics from Pike County furnish
3 good line on the prevalence of the custom in
that part of Kentucky. During the past year
;_ninety~three couples were married in that county
-?.1where the ‘age of the bride was seventeen or
unger. Nine of the brides were fourteen. Of

rest, eighteen were fifteen; twenty-nine six-
gteen, and thirtyssix seventeen. Forty-eight of the
bu-ides were eighteen. ' ,
‘" What is true of Pike County is common in ‘the
er counties in that section. .

2:

ORKING” HILL HURLS STONES UPON
VALLEY

.Disaster threatens the picturesque town’ of
iiaoreh-on-‘Rhine. which lies at the foot of a steep
 covered withyineyards and crowned with the
‘ruins of the ancient Nollich Castle. From causes
unknown the hill commenced “working” a year
and ‘masses of quartz and slate began to
g ’ Now, huge masses of rock. weighin thir-
tons, as near as can be estimated, have alien,
ying a whole row of houses. Luckil the
bitaxita were-warned ‘by the earlier and ight-
alties have occurred, although

y people arehomeless. '

e The Geological Commission; which hastened to
.. . .. declares further landslides are inevitable,
- '~ ' :that most of the population must seek dwell-
« elsewhere. - _ ‘
.. ... of about 2i200 inhabitants, is mentioned
-a charter as eary as 832 A. D. In the Mid-
Ages it was a favorite residence of noble fam-
” The lofty Gothic Church of St. Martin of
» 13th-15th century, possessing a splendid set
- bells, was entirely restored in 1871-74.

falls; no “casu

 

To A CHANCE
ANCE

/

 
 
  

an HIS ssvmcs
 . ACQUAINT

 

t was late
- » . The E opal mission c aplain: pass-
iamongthe beds, saw aﬂfaint hand ﬂuttering
catch. his attention. '
 'ent was a Sw
‘ only ill. ' . .
get well,” he told the chap-
. i t a little money in the
~ bank. All I co d ever save up in my life.
hundred. dollars. I want to_ ﬁx thingspso
1 know canjiave it.” , ‘ l- '
 and address and feeblywent

v s._

  

  
  
      
      

  

    

    

2 i='i«ili\i'sA:izlI~ii).'I«‘(i)‘i%‘*i*UNE WEEKLY
‘“lT-EMS or INTEREST

0 -~ _
oon in a has ital ward at

tile of 50 years or so; he _

him yer}    times

 

We met. and maybe he has forgotten me. But

“those few times he was white to me and_I want

to leave him my money.”
T e chaplain undertook the commission’ of se-

’C‘11'in£{ a notary and two witnesse. ’l‘hat night

thg Patient made_his will.

N0.‘ he said, in answer to a question, “I have
no km folk. no friends. There is nobody but this
man who was kind to me once or twice. I don’t
Suppose he remembers me. But I remember him.”

The “'l“_made, the_tremhling hand signed it.
Next morning the patient was dead. .

hThere are hundreds of people in New York
iIv_o know practically no on ’ said the chap-
am iifterward. “Perhaps on y one or two per-
S°”5h"l 3 Year take the trouble to speak to them
or s ow them any thoughtfulness. The- problem

of the man or woman whom everybody forgets is I
a bigger one than many of us realize."

 
 

LOOK, BOYS!

TRAPEZEE
The Acrobatic Wonder Toy *

ALMOST HUMAN IN ITS
ACTIONS! .

_ It consists of a‘ handsome parallel
iron trame on which the little yellow
man_accurately performs like an ath-

lete.
Five Dilferent Stunts --
Tlil':)_ FLXING ’l‘RAI’EZE — Release .th.-
tI_1zser-m'_n'a;ind the figure swings {oi-:‘
ralﬂv CHPPWE  brass tnpeze-bar,‘ ’
urns a somersault in the air and catches
a cross—bar by h.is heels.
THROUGH THE: LO0P—A swift swing
and he goes through a wire loop makes
a turn and. catching by his he¢15,'sw3ng,
H head dow‘nw_ard from a bar.
lHh._ GlAN'l bWlhG — He goes forwgrd
with a rush, releases the trapeze, catches
awhorizontal-bar with his heels, makes
two swift somersaults in the air and
catches by his heels again, i
He performs two more horizontal-bar
acts with the grace and agility of»a cir.
cus star, and many new ones can be in-
Vented.
Theililost Wonderful Toy in
the World! .

~ P R I C E 5 1 . 0 0 _

The collapsible stand and the little guns.
l)ei£:.'ered anywhere in he United
receiptgof price. Address . .
~ ‘ WOLI-‘F NOVELTY C0. ’ - « '\>
I 166 W. 231! St-. New York 010. RWY... ;

e

     
  

ix,

 

kin are neatly packed in'a handsome’ box‘. >' ’

  

 

 
 
 
 
   
     
   
 
 
     

€15‘-

uian so time;
  counsz IN
1‘\VO YEARS

You Are Badly Handicapped

if you lack High School training. You cannot
attain busineseor social Prornmence. You are
business career

 

training. You can't ho to succeed in the
face of this handicap. ut you can remove it.
Let the American 1 help you.

Fit Yourself for a Big Future

Eacoune. which has_ been prepared by
of America’: ieadlngmparkofeseors. wtll

broaden your mm o you keen
alert and capable. It is complete. sixnpijﬁeti
trdnte. it uh: .
in n resident_school and nupqa all nature-
ancuts of 1 Huh School Trauunz. From the

ﬁntieeeon to the lastyouarecarefullyer
untnedlndcoeched. '

Use Spare Time Only
&geople idle any Jifbv i’i0l.il‘I a week.

you do. Uee only one-ﬁfth of your
wasted our: for Itudy and. you can remove
your present handicap within two years. You
Win en‘ the lessons and the knowledge
youun zainwlll weu repaythetunelvent
in study

Checkand mail the cannon NOW for
full paruculnn and Free Buiictin.

American School

Dept. H-684
Drcxol Ave. and 58th St., Chicago

unnunsnoa. toot!-Wnruuun.nussnsc..cnacqa
lend-nhlliﬂou-Innuonouthooﬁloctclvochodand
hewyouuulholpunowlnnnocooe.

......BuoInoul.lI

I Mechanical lnglno
...... or
......8|Io|I Supuluhnlcn
um.  Inner
x. ‘on p
......:Ioulur! C1000!-
......:|urvoyor& upping
......l.l'.ol. & Yd. gghonr
 It-do

spectacles FREE!

 

Lei: me send you on Ten Days Free Trial A
pair of my famous "True Flt" Shell Rim
Spectacles Iiundredsz or thousands now in
use e\'ol'_v\\'imrv. These splendid Glasses will
on.1hIo.- anyone to read the smallest print,
thread the Iillosi‘. ueedlv. see far or near and
FI‘P\ ent eye-:~‘trnlu or luvu(in(>hes. if after try-
ng them for 10 (law and nights You are
uulnzvd and delighted. and think then: equal
to glasses sold ei.\'v\\'hel‘e at $15.00, send
only SL108: it you dmrt want to keep them.
return them and there will he no charge.
Send no money; Pay no C. 0. 1).; simply
your name, address and age. and state the
length of time you have worn glasses, if
any. A beautiful vein-ts-en lined, gold-leb
tered Spectacle Case FREE.

U. S. SI-‘ECT.-SC-LE C0.
1528 VV. Adams St, Dept. I'.S. 890. Chicago, Ill.

 

or HAY FIVII Trubut
Inniho on tnni. Btnto which
{foo wnnt. lhttnreuocndti;

not. don't. Wrik toﬁi.

MINIW. In I‘l'Iﬂ.IKp I44 OHOAVO-. IIINIY. 0.

amps 5/

Protect yam-nelf ngeln
hold-ur. rnwdiec. etc. with _
this never ni nntte can ~
of ii in weigh metal. Look:
exncg like the real thing! Pull
the czar has me: the lid
showing a full package of your V
cigarettes. Lots of
tun rcarin your

   
   

hnelsllnot uusnu.
mi. P14] I'll Sim In. In In

PIMPLES

(TAN BE CFREI). If you suﬂrr {tom pim-
plen. none, blackheads. brown spots or erup-
tions I want to roam] you my v-imple home
treatment under plain wrapper. it gave use I
colt. velvety. smooth and radiant complexion.
and cutia thousands of lllrn and vronu-n.
after everything else failed. simply lend
tune for [onerous to-dny free trial 069: of
my secret home; truimeut.
‘ u. H. w.uuu::~',
522 Gray Bldg, Knnnu Lily, Hg

1

 

  

 

Theronly man

 

'who'could talk to the Superintendent

OR several years, he was just like a score

of other men in the plant—a good, honest,
fairly capable worker, but only that. There
was nothing distinctive about him or his ability
—nothing to make him stand out from the
crowd—no reason, as a matter of fact, why he
should ever receive a raise in salary.

Then one fortunate day he decided that the
reason he wasn't getting anywhere was becallsc
he lacked special training. He searched 21£'Ollllnd

' —— a reat man uestions—an t en
:nl;l(EI1e:ilsk;(:iI' ag home-stgidly cgulrjse lwith the
International Correspon ence c oo s.

“Soon after I began studying,” he wrote to
us the other day, “we had a change in man-
agement at our plant. The new superintendent
said that only men who had really sftudied their
work were in line for positions as 01’€mCI1-

“I certainly was glad then that I had decided
to study it: my spare time. For, thanltsto my
I. C. S. course, I was the only man ill the
organization who could tall: to the super-
intendent in his own language. As a result, I
was promoted over men who had been here
from ten to twenty years. lily salary has been
increased 90% in the last ten months.”

_ HATS a true story of what just one I. C. S.

student has done. There are thousands of
oﬁgts. Every mail brings letters from men and

women telling of promotions and increases in salary
due directly to spare-time study.

What are you doing with the hours after supper?
Can you afford to let them slip by unimproved
when you can easily make them mean so much?

One hour a day, spent with the I. C. S. in the
quiet of your own home, will prepare you for suc~
cess in the work you like best. Yes, it will! Put
it up to us to prove it. Mail this coupon to-day.

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
Box ¢.i93.C. anion. Psns.
Without eon. or obligation. plesss tell me how 1 our quslliy int
Ills position or in the subject be/on which I have msrkod so 1:

BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES
Business Msnazement Sslesmuiship
Industrial Management Advertising
Personnel Organization Dliettsr Letters
Trnﬂic Management Show Card Lettering
Business Law Stenoznphy and Typing
Banking Ind Banking Law Busineu English
"“‘!(includ1n¢C.P.A.) (‘it'll Service
.\‘i«~hulson Cost Accounting Railway Mail Clerk

LLLIIII
>

: Bookkeeping .(‘ommun School Subiects
Prints Secretary Filth School Subjects
\‘-mush E] French illustrating D Cartoonist

TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES
Electrical Emrineerinc Architect

Electric Lighting
Mechanical Engineer
Rieclinnical Drsitaman
Machine Shop Fraction
Railroad Positions

Gs: Engine Opentinz
Ciril Enizineer
Surveying and Mapping

Architects’ Blue Prints
Cun:r:u-lnr and Builder
Architectural lluitsniln
Concrete lluilder
.~‘trucr'.:r.xi Engineer
Chcnually [3 Plmrmsa
Autnniubiie Work
Airgilaine Engines

Metallurgy Nlilﬁslion
Stclm Enzlnssrinz Agriculture and Poultry
Bsdio ‘ llitbemnues
Illiﬂ
St: C . -
Aﬂzinmsn 3 ‘ 2.
Cit! 38-9-
0ccunstion......., ’

Persons rssidina as Canada should and this coupon to no Intaoss»

Mono! C-mssponduos Schools Camus», Limited, Jlo-moot, candl-

  
 

 

 

 
 

ITTLE ADS

Write to Riker 8 King, Adverﬁsiifg Oﬁices, ‘I133 Broadway: New York City. or
29 Ea: Made“. sip-gu, Chicago,‘ for particular: about adverhsiug in‘!/sis maiaiife.

AGENTS WANTED

AGENTS WAITED—Bi: lousy sud I-‘sat Sales. En?!
owns buys. G lnitisis for his sum. You clurgo
$3.50: Inn 31. . Tu: orders dsily can‘. write for
psrtialsrl sud {rso samples. American llonogruu Co..
Dupt. 111. last Orsme. N. J.
AGENT8—8omsthin¢ Now—-isstost sellsrl and quickest
tors on earth. Psrusnent. any, pronublo busi-
Good for 843 to 858 s week. Address. American
00.. 1059 American Bldg. Cinciunsu. Ohio.
1'11 prove to you thus: you can msks,$96 as week uk-
ing cans for Janina Gusrsnteed Hosiary. X iumish
caputo on snd odor you an Essex coach with-
out cost. Writs now. Jennings lug. Co.. Dam. 1--2L
Dtitnll. Ohio.
HELP WANTED
II A BET TIVE. Opportunity for men and woman
(at scout‘ ntion in your district. Write c. '1‘.
Wostnvor Bld;.. Ksnsu city. Mo.
EAMI OIIIV WEEKLY. IDIIO time. home Iddresdns.
I V Kuslo circulars. Send 10c (or music.
in. New manna: llusic 00.. :34 canon.
. Oolli. Bnrtlad.

I11
y
r

PERSONAL-—Continued .
LONELY HEARTS. min our Club, be happy, corra-
spomients everywhere, nuny descriptions. photos free:

either sex, most successful method. -23 years’ experi-

ence. standard Cor. Club. Gnyslske. ill.

IARRIAGE PAPER—20(h year. Biz issue with descrip-
lions. phoios, names uni IlldX'9IOOI. 2.’: cents. No

other fee. Sent scaled. Box 2265 R. Bu:-(un. Mus,

NARﬂY—i‘sri.iculars for stslnpl 1-‘. Morrison. S-305.‘!

'\'u'.' llohien Street, Seattle. Wash.

HARRY-1-‘rte photographs. directory and descriptions
oi‘ wealthy members. Pay when turned. New Plan

00., Dept. 36, lgnsas Cit)’. Mo.

IAﬁRY—MARRIAGE DIRECTORY with Dhotos and
nicracrlptiixns free. Psy when ma.rried.a The Exchuigs,

‘Dem. 5l~'i. Kansas City. Mo.

HARRY-—\\'me iur bi: new directory with photos sni

iiescriptiulis. I-‘rec. National Agency. Dept. A,
Ksnus City. Mo. . -.
SWEETHEARTS' Correspondence Club. Stumped eu-

vslope for sealed proposal. Lillian Bptoul. Station
11. Cleveland. Ohio. ‘

PRETTY GIBLIE 19, worth $50,000. will marry.

League Box 55. Oxford, Fla.
$30,000 goes with lady to honest husband. Clun. Box

39, Oxfnr-i, Fla.

EAII 81.10 to $250 monthly. expanses Psi.dn.srs Bsllvgsy

um at 3 months half: stud: mono: rerun-I90.

Bound tics. Write for lgrrec Booklet. CM-
lll Stand. 1‘:-uni lnst.. Buihlo. N. Y.

 

DETECTIVE‘ NEEDED EVERYWHE‘lE. Wart bongo
cg .

Invsl. uuuoosssry. Writs G o
Waznnr, forusr Govt. Detoctivo. 1968

-Broodwsy. . . Y.
MANUSCRIPTS WANTED
TIOIIEI. POEIS. PLAYS. cut. on wsntod tor publi-

Buhuit M88. or writs Literary Bureau. 515
Hllnibsl. X0.
._._...'..

PERSONAL
ii’ Y: Hons :

 

Moore.

hchonviile. I-‘is. (Sump).
""—"~°°'......'"°'=. "=:.'.s.*'...."*-°-'"1...'?‘:*'.:*“'°"='=?'“‘:==:“-11
‘ t . ' . en ti

bl%dsts and iflcylt, 'ok1o.,Box l80.'a’ds. sq. Bts.
Xe! York. N. Y. .
LONELY HEARTS, join our club, we have

s companion for you. many worth from
$5,000 to $50,000. most successful home
maker. descri lion and hotos tree. Stand-
urd Corr. Ciu . Graysls e. I11.

 

FEMALE HELP WANTED

WLN'l'ED——l'.adk-n to embroider linens for

us at home durin, their leisure moments.
Write at once; Fns ion Embrolderies. 1585.
Lima, Ohio.

EARN MONEY at home during spare time

painting lamp shades, Slllow tops for us.
No canvassing. Easy an interesting work.
Experience unnecessary. Nilean Company,

184. Ft. Wayne, lndisna.

Tunicqg

.  Cured 2.1; _Eo_Pa'

BEAUTIFUL. WEALTHY LITTLE 6lRL—l-‘srmers
liaughtei-_ will marry. Box 511. liuntsvlllo. All.

YOUNG. sltrz-cine is-Ey \-mnh $3i).I:UlI. Lonely.
marry. En, B-1022, Wichita, Kansas.

LADY with firm uni motley, will uxairry. ll.. Box 866,
Lentuo. l)l'l!\‘L~i’ (‘nlu.

PRETTY GIRLIE I9. “urn
League, Box 55, (lxroni, l-‘ls.

WIDOW with fsrm smi money. will marry. '11.. Box
R66. League. In-nver, Cairn.

850.W0 was with lady to honest husband. Club. Box
39, Oxford. I-‘ls.

SONGWRITERS

POEMS VIAN‘l'ED—-Sell your song-verses for cub. Suh-
mit Mss. at once or write New Era Music 00.. 10.

St. Louis. Mo. ‘

WRITE THE WORDS FOR A 80NG—\\‘e compass
music. Submit your poems to us at om-e. New York

Melody Conmration. -i0:'- .l. Rumax liklg., New Yary.

A TOBACCO HABIT

TOBACCO or Snuf.’ llsbit mm! or no pay. $1.00 ll
li3.§rned,y sent on mu. Superb: co.. l‘C..
«.

'3.2:§!:.R.2'l FREE

will

$25,000, will marry.

(‘ll .
Bull imore.

 

  
  
 

jieeps '5W“"§3
-“'.‘..!" Til?‘ “ll ll‘ nu?‘
II s vs .
rum and no [col «I'M... Ht 1- s
one little Owing sﬂ s7n‘s I hsny.1su3h-
Inc v-nu; Ins losrumnsi lupus I011.
I1“ rosy ahuI.s,il.( blue I s.rIty upr-
un ms nssuu tsos. no 0 Crssool Jlst
\ nut to row snl ploy nu Is 38 Is. nu.
. . .
+.~ - Doll-Swing-Glasses Given
' is sad yn thin hsnlsou I-um: ‘hilslh
nus: sum,-us In an amio um
ans oi lnnsuso III for an:
only 34 no s at torfsuss Inns! -' 1
sank. into -131. url is lousy.

J0liBMi'G.W.I*K356 lfﬂmllllﬁ

 

S _Her1u'a!

No mors stool springs. i h
ham: u ‘e ' 3

   
  
   

cushions, or f g
In om-sun: new -I d t
D¢|"- ‘Within loss thnunl-lg urns:

‘ ounce. woven s the coming out or
. rnrtnro_,_which oftcnmloods to stun.

A WEST
INDIAN
‘ SNAKE

 

Fer-delance is
the name given
by the West In-
dian creoles to
the lance-headed
yellow viper, a
large and very
venomous serpent

of ‘ the warm
parts of Ameri-
ca. It is from

ﬁve to seven feet
10118 and capable
of making con-
siderable springs
when in pursuit
Of prey or some
object which has
irritated it. Its
bite is often fa-
tal; the only an-
tidote of any
avail seems to be,
as in the bites of
other venomous
Snakes. strong al-
coholic ' drinks,
This snake in-
fests. the sugar
plantations o f
Brazil and the
West Indian Is-
lands. and it is
dreaded alike by
man and beast.
While it possesses
no rattle. it is
closely allied to
the rattlesnake
tribe. Its tail
ends in a horn
spine, whic
scra_pes harshly
ggamst rough ob.
Jects, but does
not rattle. A
traveler writin
gin rtthe_ island 0
a mxque sa :
“If by some raysro
chance you en-
counter a person

who has lost an

lug at is victim of
the fer-de-lonoo,

the se!'P°nt when

pukiﬁel

  

 

‘ .. . A-‘X...

    
 

  

  

 

..-~ v .—.-.'.
_,;rr'_.~_ .

9

',
i.

     
 

 

3, A

special offer, now open to you.

 can You Meet

This Test?

l—&n nu road and wt-Inc!
2-Au you ambition: to an H; moan?
3-Would you give thirty minutes a day of your more time to
Wyn-Ina vounclf for this profoulonl _
4- «mid you like a life ofexcitenent and thrilling adventure!
lino an aucnr"YIs"tn Ihaoeno-mas. 1 viii show you hour you
¢ attain :1! that your caution daudo—ﬂi‘ Ii Poultice-u lift of
uuon—uuuy ' win: his ‘ hall the - NOW!

t.c.coon.r:..—uuveru:io:Appiiuscnnce
‘ k__l$lIn7duAvuIc. Dopuo-as cuandlll-In

/.

Great Finger Print Detectives use an outfit just like_this one. with it you can take ﬁnger prints--
develop latent (invisible) ﬁnger pﬁntsfstudy the miniite pe_culiariti_cs of difrerent prints greatly
enlarged under the powerful magnifying glass. I believe in pra_ctic_al wor_k—riot mere theory.
Thafa why I insist on every one of my stu<_lcnt_s having an outfit like this. They cost $11.00
retail, but to all who enroll in my course,I willgive it absolutely free. Send today for full infor-
mation about me wonderful opportunity awaiting you in the newesnof all professions, and this

University 37 Almlied Science,
1920 Snanydde Ave. Dept. 10.96 Cﬂcgggﬂl.

 ans‘wet'iYes”to the four questions It the left.
e me now _ can i»! the F Fingex' Pr’ tOutﬁt
and become Finger nnl  In

Nana................................................

Address. . .....................=.....................
. _

connot-oooueooaonun-ooooneouoocaa-outyuan-nooouoﬁ

  

, _. ., . ; ’ ,
a

i

' —— LATEST ISSUES --
Before the Footlighta; or. The Boy W110

966 Fame
’ Bossed the Theatre.
941 Lucky Lee the Oliice Boy; or, The Nerviest Lad in.
_New York.

948 Sure to Get Rich: or, A Smart Young Messenger.
949 Pushing It Through: or. The Fate of a Lucky Day.
050A Born ﬂpecuiator; or. The !ouug Sphinx or Wall

Street.
951 The Way to Success; or. The Boy Who Got There.
95 Struck Oil; or. The Boy Who Made a Million.
A grliden Risk; 01'. The Young Miners of Della
3.

954A sure Winner: or. The Boy Who Went out With a
Circus.

for solo by all nowsdealcn. or will be sent to any ad-
dress on receipt or price, ‘lo. per copy. in money or pes-
' « taco stamps. , '
" 4 THE FOLLOWING NUMBERS PRICE 0 CENTS

955 Golden Fleece; or, The Bo Brokers of Wall Street.

956 A Had Cap Scheme; or. ' e Boy Treasure Hunters
0!‘ Cocos Island.

957 Adrift On the World; or, Working His Way to For-

tune.
. Phylng to W113}; or,FThe F&xiessli:ug<;y in Wall Street
rs; or. a 0 rom e .
‘.960 A  llonte risto; or. The Richest Boy in the
' or

961 Won by Pluck; or. The Boys Who Ran a ‘Railroad.
962' “ Beating: the Brokers; or, The Boy Who Couldn't
Be one. u
A Rolling Stone: or, The Brightest Boy on Record.
Nevvelrl Say Die; or, The Young Surveyor of Happy
1- .
Boa: (ft the Market; or. The Greatest Boy in Wall
81:

feet.
The Chance of His Life; or, The Young Pilot 0!
Crytai Lake.
Striving for Fortune; or, F:-o.m_ Bell-Boy to Million-

Out for Business: or. The Smartest Boy in Town.

_ AsFt'avorite of Fortune: or. Striking It Rich in Wall
rcet.

Through Thick and Thin: or, The Adventures of a
m n§im“§nB°' lnest w ki m w U
. E I ve 20?. 0? II I RY .

Alva‘;-s on Deck; or. The Boy ‘Who Made ‘ills

Mar .

A Mint of Money; or. The Young Wall Street
Broker. '

‘rinse; iéadder oi‘ Fame: or, From Oiilce Boy to

us 0!‘. -

On the Square: or. The Success of an Honest Boy.

After a Fortune; or. The Piucklest Boy in the West.

077, Weéarléngt ﬂu; dollars; or ,'l‘he Young Wonder of

a _ ree .

Mnkina His Mark: or, The ‘Boy Who Became
President.

Heir to a Million: or. The Boy Who Was Born

' ucky. _ 0
Lost in the Andes; or. The Treasures of the'Bu1-led
V

it .
on His Mattie; or. A Piucky Boy in Wall street.
A Lucky Chance: nr. Taking Fortune on tho Wiuz.
The Road to Success; pr, The Career of a For-
tunate 130?.
Chasing Pointers; or. The Luckiest Boy in Wall

‘ Street.
Rising in the World: or. From ‘Factory 305' '0
Manager. . ‘ '
From Dark to Dawn: or. A Poor Boys Chance.
‘Out for Himself; or, Paving ms Way to l~‘ox-tune.

_ HARRY K. WOLFE‘. l_'ubllsher, Inc"
Inc West :36 Street . J New York City

 

‘ 963
961

   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
 
    
  
    
 

o How TO
.5cE"‘““°s warn-: THEM

,, i Price as Cents Per cor: t on W”
_ V T8003 3
.  is M“ .,'ii°“.‘,i-‘“c‘on‘§€m‘3l$..“’§3?1 submission of
1' g,‘ sixty Lessons. covering ever 911359 9;
‘ xaesoarlo mugs. Fggnggggrvm-g:e’i°gp;8‘°.:;d";_
.tho‘ . I6’. ¥s..‘i’u’ mono! °‘' 9931389 ‘“""P‘- “d

you one, ge‘ tree. Address.

7 r...~sqappa-res;-s:,sI.0~.!.t-'3-tix..Av.95_:»3‘¢' """- "- "'

av

       

'1-‘AME AND roaruna  "TOUR TEN-CE'NT HAND BOOKS

 156' West zaa

v for the money than any book published.

giving all thc'codes and signals.

  

‘or ' i

39‘

Useful, instructive. and Anininse T50! etllhll
Valuable Information on Almost
Every Subject.

 

No. 1. NAPOLEON? OBACULURI AND DBIAII
BOOK.-—Contsining the great oracle of human deltiny:
also the true meaning of almost any kind of dreams.
together with charms, ceremonies, and curious canes of
ca s. ‘ »

No. 2.‘ ow To Do TRICKs.—'1'he great book of _
magic and ard tricks. containing full instruction on all ‘_
the leading card tricks of the day, also the most popular ’
magical illusions as performed by our leading magi-
cians; every boy shou d obtain a copy of this book..

No. 3. HOW to FLIRT.-'I‘he arts and wiles of ﬂirta-
tion are fully explained b this little book. Besides the
various methods of mm kerchief, fan. glove, parnaol.
window and hat ﬂirtation. it contains a full list of the
language and sentiment of flowers.

No. 5. HOW TO MAKE I.0VE.—A complete guide to
love. courtship and marriage, giving sensible advice.
rules and etiquette to be observed. with many curious
and interesting things not generally known.

- ‘lo. 7. HOW TO KEEP BIRDS.—Haudsomely illus-
trated and containing full instructions for the manage- '
ment and training of the canary, mockingbird, bobolink.

-blsckbird, paroquet. parrot. etc.

No. 8. HOW TO BECOME A SCIEB-"l'I8T.—-A useful
and instructive book, giving a complete treatise on
chemistry: also experiments in acoustics. mechanics.
mathematics. chemistry. and directions for makln lire-
works. colored tires, and gas balloons. This boo can-
not be equaled.

No. 9. HOW TO BECOME A \'EN'l'RlLOQI7l3'l'.--
By Barry Kennedy. Every intelligent boy reading this
book of instructions can master the art. and create any
amount of fun for himself and friends. It is the great-
est book ever published. ‘

No.‘ 10. HOW To BOX.-—'I‘he art of self-defense made 9
easy. Containing over thirty illustrations of guards.
blows and the diiferent positions of a good boxer.
Every bog should obtain one or these useful and in-
structive ooks, as it will teach you how to box with-
out an instructor.

No."ll. HOW TO WRITE LOVE-LE'l"l'Ell8.——A most
complete little book. containing full directions for writ- .
lug love-letters. and when to use them. giving specimen
letters for young and old. -

No. 18. HOW TO DO 1'1‘; OR. .BOOK .01?‘ 2'11’.
QUE'l"l‘l!.——lt is a great life secret. and one that every .-
Nouuﬁ mﬁn desires to know all about. There‘: hapyi- 4
ness :1 . '

Na. 16. HOW TO Kljilll’ A WINDOW GARDEN.-— ,-j
Containing‘ full instructions for constructing a window _ ‘
garden alt er in town or country. and the most approved , . '
methods for raising beautiful ﬂowers at home. The ‘ ’
most complete book of the kind ever published. ~.

No. 11. HOW TO DRERs.—Coutainiug full instruc-
tion in the art of dressing and appearing well at home ’
and abroad. £17111: the selections of colors. material
and how-to have them made up.

No. 18. ‘HOW TO BECOME BEAU'l'Il'IlL.—One of the
brightest and most valuable little books ever given to
the world. Everyhody wishes to know how to become
beautiful. both male and female. The secret is simple. ’
and almost costless. ‘ '

.\'o. :0. HOW To ENTEIITAIN AN nvxxmo
PAB'l‘Y.—A complete compendium oi‘ games, a ‘
card diversions" comic recitatious. etc.. suitable f0!"’Il!-
lor or drawing-room entertainment. contains more

No. 22. HOW TO DO SECOND SlGl!T.—-Heller's sec-
ond sight 9: lained by his former assistant. Fred H t.
Jr. Explain ng how the secret iiialogues were cs
on between the magician and the boy on the stage; also

 

No. 23. HOW TO EXPLAIN DElAIlS.—'l‘hls lﬁllt
book gives the explanation to all kinds of dreams. to-
gether with lucky and unlucky days. V

o. :8. now To TELL F0lTI7ll'El.—-Every one is
desirous of knowing what his future life will bring forth.
whether happiness or misrﬂ. wealth or poverty. You
can tell by a glance at this little book. Buy one and be
convinced. ' .

sale by all newsdoalers. or wall bu IE! 30 IE
address on receipt .of price. 10¢. {er cow. '
in money or stamps. by , .

HARRY sxwonrr.     ; ..

  
     
 

For

        
  

    

  

  
 

   dz Eiectglcal fxperf \ v . '. ., V \ ,, FXPfI‘l'
'75 to /so a week -A J so to /00 a '\
. \

 
 
   
   
 

 
 

I-IowEwould you like to 13*. an Aut§emo- ‘\ .

tive ngineer, a ara e wner, a rv- " . “ .

ice Station Manager? an Automobile sa‘£‘’‘5"'§9'' ‘ '

Salesman, or an Expert in some other 5f"—“3° "“""’k

branch of this wonderful business? '

Be the Boss with Big Pay-—

, Learn at Home

 ” ' I There’s BIG MONEY in it~—there's

‘\ .4v/aﬁon /70/07‘ Expert all kinds of opportunity. You can get a
‘ 575 (0550 J (‘](J(]A’ job anywhere— any time—after you

know the business.

 
   
   
   
   
   
   

 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
    
    
 
  
     
   
  
   
     
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
   
    
          
 
  

AuImRl§,I;:”_y Practical Instruction—l-hay to Learn r .1 _
I t h ' h ' , *7 : ‘
Abiz5-vo1umeAutoRefer- t1ic:I1§If;af>A o?S—f‘()c:l§1Ids.eiK}l§3: §l13§§l':1)':x‘oaIl1::¥iec2tI(l)e3¥p(§!'!i£-3 \" -sic”

ence Library 18 FREE }0 ence for 24 years right in the biggest automobile fac- 109:’/( "
You. 2300 D8865. 2300 D1C- tories of England and America. My Course is pur-
'i‘!1'e9’ Charts .gh°t°5!= et°- Dosely made simple—so anyone can understand
Finest Auto LI far)’ 1n U18 and apply it-yet it is thorough and practical in.
yvorld. Covers every sub— every way. It is the best and oldest home study

JeCt- Most Valuable fefel“ Auto Course in the world. Learn. right at
E1166 b00kS- MOM W011}! home. all there is to know about an auto.

h f h b t , _ _
 “curse. u I Give You Guaranteed Training

FREE You risk nothing:-I guarantee your suc- S \\
T°°" ‘““‘ "“"“‘“°"*' §§%’:?§‘d§.‘§.“i§?.§‘i°i7h3.$’ii"a§i‘§‘.‘§il$‘£‘L°§ ;/””'-’-"e
Complete e<it1ii>n3entforre- SUCCl~¥SS. My graduates — all over the ~" "7”<7§e,.
pair worl-r—special ratchet country—are getting the big ‘obs and the 7-71'a_’g
wrenches, socket wrench big gaxthat goeswith them.Vi7hyshouldn't ,3 I GOV
set extensions, adapters you ge or lack of_ education is no draw- "(Pk
agld uiiéigersal ]OlI;l’t,fa va&u- back--all you need is ambition to learn.
taecteing :,,°gS§,?e5neg,1a,?;: You Earn While'_You:Learn
ﬁe-33» 3 Vlﬂt-ammetef and ‘B I'll be your daily partner -—- teach you every-
Wlll ard Hydrometer f01' thing I know—until you reach the point where
battery Work, and 8 Set 0‘ you can shift for yourself and pick the plums of
h!8_h-grade feeler gauges. success. And you can start earning money almost
This F R E E Outﬁt W011“ at once-doing jobs of repair iri_your neighborhood
cost you $22 at l‘et811- with the FREE TOOLS furnish you.

FREE ‘ Here in Your Chance-Get Started Now H l $.01, b 19 Sh

Einploynient Service ' - - - aofer ' Pluiimdge
Don't delay a minute-time is valuable-and ac- *7 V _ _ '

I give you FREE a lifelong tions speak louder th ‘ good intentions, Write for 75 ’° '5“ “"""" .08»! Banner-

help in aiding you to get a full particulars and ig Free Book —— The Easy . Aubmgﬁyg Div"

iob. Use it before or after Way to Bigger Pay.” _It's a wonderful volume _of . O Amﬂm sch“

you graduate— any time information, and a mine of inspiration. Take its Mall ‘

you wish —- and as long as advice —and in less than a year you'll be a big , 9991- A-534

you gvislid‘ 'Ih;IhrOufghtCl0Se money-winner in this fascinating auto ﬁeld. Co“ on 53;). 5;, a, punt, cum.
OIJC WI anu BC UTEIS / . .

and Garages we semom Tom Plumridge. Chief Engineer P y . otﬁgfgngggfggfj mﬁm’
fail to successfully place Automotive Divuion. American Scli_ool 0 best get into the Big Pay Field.
all students who come to DapI.A-684. 58th S!.&Dru¢l Ave. Chicazu,Hl. W ’ T_b1! recllleﬂt ii *0 W1’-J35 U049!’ 110
us for employment. on»: and am Home Study Am School in the World T V_ L 0 °""¢*="=*°*‘~ ‘

   
  
 

Hereés  Way to Ge-tl (i'...... ............................................................ ..

