BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES ‘IN THIS NUMBER
No. 989

   

SEPTEMBER 12, 1924 Pricescents

_\ \"\-§\*g

beyond

The animal‘. howev

 
 

  

\‘u.;. g; . . ‘ _ 
er, was equal to the‘ emergency. She took a. ﬂying eap a d landed him are
the break. 111-. Squires. who had counted on overtaking the boy in

"another minute. reined in just in time to save himself.

   

     

 You  Radio Fan?

FEB’ _

  
   

. Welt 23d Street, New York, N. Y. Ente

‘ FAME AND- FORT seeps

laud weekly-——subse1-iptiou price. $4.00 per year: Cn‘:3d:.l$4.50:nl(;‘9 "
the Pol!-Oﬂlce at New York. N. \'..

Read Pages 24 and 25

4-

 
  
     
  

 .13 rd.19
underthea .

 

  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
    
   
  
  
   
  
   
        
   
   
     
    
  
     

No. 989

CHAPTER I.—The Two Ornhans.

. “Please don't; you hurt mel” expostulated pret-
 st ‘Kittie Clyde, trying to withdraw one of her
p. sunburned hands from the grasp of a
Laandy-featured, surly-looking boy, named Abe

ker.
3;-.‘"I,'hen give me ‘a kiss and I'll let you go,”
' her tormentor. '- _, _ _
"‘_I'll go nothing of the kind,” cried thdtlrl,
3- .

‘Why. won't you?”

‘Because I won't: so there!’ .
“lhellzirl looked deﬁant. the boy angry and as-

‘I guess I‘llt"have to make you.” he snarled.
‘ﬁg:  twlFs?%::' wrist in such a way that
 a cry of acute pain escaped her lips.
' ‘ ' will "
gal Theyvggrds he started to say expired with
; girl in his throat and he went down headlong
in egg of the roeaél. ﬁdthu-d persorghhadeeazp;
ec su enness on e s
among 33¢; that lined that gar; of the
1'’ fl t t
(and: tahrrowe miigiﬁethse  ahd isoswiilt.
mum Barker in the jaw with a force that
. in A I
, "I 11 didn't hurt you much Kittie " said
 it a cheery tone, that had is sym-
.,‘ﬁ.ac mg . .
«L4  2" :1» exclaimed ioyfully. “rm so
 myself.’ he replied he_artily- - ‘Ifm
>ﬂIayl ppy tobe of service to 37°“-

E“3.’:‘ ‘° "“ ’°A'Z‘§£’1:£;i“if§.“£i‘.I3°§$.‘3

in E; and be to rub her sprained
a1mg:tncareesin: touch» A50

' with for that, me Stone,”

 as hzubrushed the dust from
‘ I .. d S . "‘ - V of '

may I have the pleasure 

_2"ha.dIhId FY03» 3191!:

gt

NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 12,

A START IN

By A sELF.MAni«:‘:...XN'

»’‘a lawyer and justice at the

   

     
 

.? V
1 4
/. 4

  
 

“I shall be very glad to have you do so," she re-
plied, with a smile. >

“Then I think we'll start ahead,” he said.

They moved off in the direction of Dover vil-
lage, leaving Abe Barker to grit his teeth and
shake his fist after the youth who had handled
him without gloves. Fred Stone was a stalwart,
good-looking boy of seventeen. who had all the ele-
ments of a hustler and stayer born in him. He
was an orphan, and hid been “raised” by Pete
Grice, the village storekeeper and postmaster.

Most of the villagers rememberedthe circum-

‘stances under which the boy became a member of

the Grice household. His mother had been taken

suddenly ill on the coach which twelve years be- ~

fore the opening of our story ran between the
town of Wellington. on the Blue Line Railroad.
and Belfast, a large village twelve miles or so to
the north. She was left at the Dover inn, then
kept by Mr. Grice and his wife, and during the
night she died. Next da Mr. Grice announced
that in the charity of is heart he and Mrs.
Grice had decided to take charge of the little
orphan instead of sending him to the poor farm.
People wondered, for such a inagnanimous act

was not in accordance with Mr. Grice’s character.‘

Shortly afterward Mr. Grice gave up the inn.
which had never paid, and  ht out the village
store, which carried with it e postmasterahip.
It was a matter of some gossip at the time where
he act the money from to do  As young Fred
grew up his protector made’ him as useful as Dos-
eible about the store, and the boy, as soon Ia he
understood he had no claim on Mr. Grice. en-
deavored to do his duty as best he knew how.
He never could ﬁnd out anything about his parent-
age, as the postmaster claimed to be ignorant on
theisubject himself. . "

Kittie Clyde was the o han niece of the vil-
lage dressmaker. She an Fred were the best
of friends, and saw a good deal of each other.
Abe Barker was the son of Squire Amos Barker.
of Dover. He
was not a pogilar youth in t e village, as hehad
the habit of rowbeating and imposing on those
younger and weaker than himself. Thole tactics

didn't work with Fred gtone, whoa: Abe looked ;
downonuacharitybonandtheyhadhadmanl‘;

 

:2  :s;25~ik'l

 

  

  

'  ‘hate him.’

  
   

 

mix-ups in consequence, in which Abe came of!
' second best. , -
As a consequence young Barker hated Fred,
and was on the lookout for a suitable opportunity

, V to do him up. This feeling was increased by the

knowledge that Fred ha ‘ inside track with
Kittie, on whom Abe was smitten.

‘ ‘Well, Kittie," said Fred, after they had walked
I little way, “I'm thinking of leaving'Dover." ‘

“Leaving Dover!" she exclaimed, in a mingled
tone of surprise and regret.

“Yes. Mr. Grice and I haven't hitched well of
late. He's continually ﬁnding fault with me and
I'm tired of it.

_ The girl made no reply, but her manner showed
that she was somewhat upset by his words.

“Will you feel sorry when I go, Kittie?” he

.asked in a low tone, looking wistfully into her
averted face. I ‘

‘Sorry! Oh, Fred, you know I will,” she cried
impulsively with quivering lips. “Must you really
so-"

“Kittie, it's high time I was doing something for
myself in the world," he said earnestly. “I am
seventeen, and what do I amount to at this mo-
ment‘! A storeboy at a dollar a week and my
board. I am simply wasting my time working for
Mr. Grice, who does not seem to appreciate my
services. The world is wide and the opportunities
many for a boy of energy and abition. I am anxi-
ous to make a start in life."

“I hate to have you feave Dover,” she replied;
“but still I think you are right. _ ,

.prospects in this village for a bright boy like

“Thank you. Kittie.‘ for the compliment, “he
said, in a pleased tone.

“When are you thinking of going?”

“I haven't decided, but I feel sure it will be
soon.”

“and where do you think you will go‘! To some

.“I. have an idea of going to Chicago."
.  “That is a big place. It will be quite a change
or to . ’
"Iy‘s)li1ouldn;ay°iv(:ewil1. I hope after I am gone
you _will not be annoyed b Abe Barker; but I'm
. ;::a1d hetwhill gezter yoga? en lie knows you have
me a an 0 pro you. _
“I am not afraid of Abe Barker," she replied
with some spirit. ~ _ _
‘ ‘I lmow you're not, Kittie; but he is mean
‘sass .;'::‘:° ‘W “*3 “'%:’.‘.°;‘:-W2’ 
_ no ingto owi ii_na r_ia.
“That will be ’_che.better way. Still’ he will be
surento butt in himself, for I guess he 3 sweet on

“",°?Sweet on me!" she exclaimed. scornfullyl “I

1

Fred latched. ‘ ' ‘
“Be_ lid nerve enough to try and make you

 Has him.
7 I ‘I wouldn't kiss him if he was the last boy on

.‘earth.'ishe said, with an indignant toss of her

 
 

- I
, sweii, he isn’t the lastboy on earth by a large
In 3- said Fred. ‘ ,
to leave the village in-

“I hcwasgoing
-t=~¢9%w°.u~"». V g

A: ‘START IN LIFE

There are no,

 

“He's not anxious to get out and bustle, I guess I

as long as he has a father to support him."'

“He seems to think he is a person of great iin'- 
portance because his father is a lawyer and a ‘

justice of the peace."

“That's right; but I don't see that it does him 

any good to think so. None of the _boys take their

hats offtohim. Infactlam sure heisthemost .

unpopular boy in the village.”

“While you are just the reverse,” she said with .
a smile. .
“No bouquets, Kittie.”

“I'm not saying any more than the truth. Every- 

bod likes you and speaks well of you."

“ hat is pleasant to know. However, I'd  

perfectly satisﬁed if only you liked me.”
Kittie blushed and looked down.

“Well, here we are at your gate. Goodby until 

I see you again," he said.
“Goodby, Fred," and she ran into the house,

leaving the boy to continue on to Mr. Grice's storo.. 9

I

 

CHAPTER II.—Mr. Grice Hears Astonishing
News.

Night had fallen over Dover village, Fred  

eating his supper alone in the kitchen at the back‘;
of the house, while Mr‘. Grice was sorting the mail
left -by the Belfast messenger, when a wagon,

ti

loaded with ‘the paraphernalia of a traveling" 3”‘

tinker, drove up to the door.

deeply bronzed features. There was so
about him that smacked of the sea. Evidentlyhe
had been a sailor at some period of his career.’
Mr. Grice looked up and eyed him askance. ,

“Well, my friend. what do you want‘.".' he asked
in the inhospitable tone he used to all strangers.

“This is the general store and postoﬁce, I
guess?" said the new arrival.

“Looks like‘ it, doesn't it?” replied Mr. Grice. i

“You ain't got no objection to se1lin' me a small
bag of crackers and a hunk of cheese. have you?!
said the stranger. ‘

“Not in the least.
want?’

The customer stated the quantity he wantedq

About how much do you;

anything to take it away in?"
“I've a jug in the wagon," he replied, making’
for the door. ’ 7
By the time he returned Mr. Grice had tho

cheese and crackers done u . At that moment‘:

Squire Barker walked into t e store. '

“Any mail for me this evening, Mr. Grice?‘  ,

.9

in¥ired. A

be stranger, who was munching his cheese A

crackers at the counter near by, gave a start :14

he heard the name and stopped eating. :
“There's a paper and a letter for you, smite‘;

replied the postmaster, with some

ousnusar
in his tone, hastening to hand them over to 
lawyer. ‘ 3 .7-
‘ Amos Barker purchased a package ofisniohiagfm

tobacco and then left the store. , ,_
' “Begg;ia' your pardon, mister storek . y , ..

   
 

The driver dis- 
mounted and entered the store. He was a square ' 1
built, hearty-looking chap, with a black beard  

i
l



 
   

gj

“Have you any ﬁrst-rate cider, too?” he added. 
“Plenty of it. my friend. Have you a jug,or_.

ii
5"?

   
   
 

9

 

and

am:

     
 

 
  

u ?=’'-. ‘d .. stranger omewhat anxiously.
Well, the ' 3 nothing 4: wonderful‘ in being

    
  

aster. .
‘ﬂight I venture to ask what your front name
A " asked the stranger, withjncreasing eager-

     
 

1158.

"',,'I1 ’d taken the trouble to look at the sign
gﬁer thgn door when yoiigcanie in it would have
-you the trouble
V ’ Mr. Grice, not over p y.

“I wasn't thinkin’ about the name then. Be-
ﬁdes, it's dark outside and-————" A —
“My name is Peter Grice,” interrupted the post-

 

tf asking thlat question,"

   
  
  
 

“Peter Grice," repeated the stranger, regarding
ﬁle Storekeeper ﬁxedly. “It ain’t possible, is it,
that yo1i’re the half brother of my old cap’n,
'umin Sands, ‘of the “Matchless Margaret?”
. -Did you know my brother, the cap-
c§f:i?," asked Mr. Grice, clearly taken by surprise.
Qid I, know him !" exclaimed the stranger, with
; emotion. “Why, bless your heart, didn't he
me aboard his ship and provide for me when
starvin’ in the streets of New York? Didn’t

    
 

I"?
be

    
  
  
     

saw; me from bein’ cut in twovby the jaws of
Vnracious shark?" with .-a reminiscent shudder.

    
  
  

, ~.Barnstable doesn’t easily forg_et———
'-Then yoilir name is Jack Barnstable. eh? And
“‘£egl.i'tsa3rlemiire, Mister Grice. -W ‘this is a
I - coincidence to find m_vse ace to. face
dear old cap’n’s half-brother. Tip us
," and Jack held out his rough and
‘hand in a friendly way. _ _
. Grice took it {oinewhat gingerly, as if he
afraid‘ it might ite him.
Sowyiaiokgiew Ben, diddyou?”vtfhe_ ]t)0StI1:aStelI'
ii any great egree o in eres, “
, lie’s sailing about——tar, far away?”
" nodded Bamstable.‘ mournfully, “very
 ‘vliagthe better, thought the Storekeeper,
. carelessiv played with one of the weights of
counter scales. “I'm always afraid of his
0 back, very hard up, and wan rig to Bar-
. eﬁjoney of me.” Then looking 1: rd at the
' . -as he said aloud: “He isn’t‘likely to come
to the States for a lonir time. eh 1"
 it very long time,’ answered Ba_rn—
v drtfalegiﬁltug Of cider to his lips and
I P '3 - . - .
« to hear it,’ muttered Mr. Grice to him-
ﬂﬁfoney saved is money earned."_
-1 “gay; be home never no more,” continued
‘2?§'7i‘f.‘3a’§¥' ” "° ”“‘ "‘° "“"? "°""‘
F replied Mr. Grice, not afipearing to be
dragged at the news. 6 s-my brother

-  no dam about it. I seen him
last.” i ‘

      
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
    
     
    
  
  
   
    
 
 
 

  
     

.¢_‘

,  START 
.at’gent called you Grice, if I ain’t mis-~«

by‘one"s right name, 15 here?” snorted, the .

‘ Barnstab

. mg ten’-‘you that’s the sort of oblig”ation.

 Rolihustones any
/ icyerthatrandownhisoheeka; "l_Iov¢r_

   

sw‘¢'e)1(;ei1ddsB,amstahle; sisrnitiouitly. “He left $100,900

‘ m“0ne:hundred thousand dollars worth of bonds,

eh? Why, where did Ben get them?”

“Bought ’em.” '

. “But where did he get the money to buy them’? ”
persisted Mr. Griceswith unfeigned eagerness.

“Well, you see, while the ‘Matchless Margaret’
was waitin’ for a cargo to Vera Cruz. that’s in
Mexico, the cap’n. took a run up into the Sierra
Madre mountains to ’ visit‘ some old senor he
know’d.” \

“Well,” cried the postmaster, impatiently, as
Barnstable ‘paused to ﬁll his mouth with brea
and cheese. '

“One momin’ when he was out takin’ a con-
stitootional in the range he lost his was‘. and while
;ryiri’x.to find his way out of the blamed old place

c fe 1 " ’

“Yes, yesfeexclaimed Mr. Grice, eagerly, as

e stopped to fill and drink a mug of
cider. “He fell "

“Into a hole."

“Fell into a hole?" ' .

“Pre-cisely. He fellinto a hole, and the hole
turned out to be the entrance to a lost silver mine
of untold wealth.”

“Gracious! Untold wealth, did you say?"

“That's what I said. _ My cap’n he wan’t no

fool. He jest took the bearin’s of that there mine.
and when he reached the senor’s hacienda he told
the old don what he'd diskivered.”

“Well, well; what then?” a

“The upshot was he sold . his diskivery for
$100,000 in gold.”

“In gold!”

“Pre-cisely. That is he got a. docyinent which
said that a certain bank in New York was to pay
him that amount in the yellow stuff.”

“What then 1”’

“And he got it. and slapped it right into a new

issue of government bonds which somebody recky- ,

mended hinrto do.” .
“And then what did he do?” _
“He was just about to start of!’ for this here
State—-——-'’ , '
“To see me, of course, of course. ﬁear old Ben,
I wonder how he got track of me. Too bad he

didn’t live for I should have welcomed him with»

open arias.” . ~
“As I was saying, he was just about to start
for this here State when he fell ill, took to his
bank, and gradually got worse and worse———-" *
“But he left a will. eh?” interrupted Mr. Grice.
with anxious eagerness. “I’m his heir, you know.”
“You !__” responded Barnstable, coolly. “And
what’: to become of his son?"
“His what?" almost shrieked the postmaster.»
-“His son. His male offspring." ‘ i »«
Mr. Grice gasped and gurgled until the sailor

thought he was going to faint. To revive him he f

threw half a mugfiil of cider in_his Iaee.

 

W. canrsa III.—-The Faitlifulsailor.

“Ason!"Grieeroarada:ononas‘ha.
hisbuﬂhaadmdthmtnoﬁchgﬁe-link

 

 

 

   
  

 V‘  __‘._.,.:‘ I .‘  I . “.,___y .r,

v

 

n

his marrying. He mum: have taken that idiotic
ate abroad.

“ 0, he didn’t,’.' answered Barnstable, regarding
the storekeeperfs remark in some surprise. “He
took that idiotic step, as you call it, at home. It
was what they call a match on the sly. He never
told anybod about it except me, an that wasn't
till his last 1 lness."

“A secret marriage, eh? Hum!”

Mr. Grice was a rapid thinker, and the possib1il-
ity struck him that some advantage might come to
him out of that fact. -

“I'll tell you how it was," went on the sailor.
ﬁnishing his cheese and crackers and reﬁling the
mug from the cider jug.

#One night as my poor cap’n was lyin’ ill in his
bunk he says to me, ‘Jack,’ says he, in a mournful
tone, ‘it strikes me that my time ain't far off-
there’s somethin’ on my mind, Jack, that is chokin’
me,- and I can't keep it aboard no longer. When
I'm gone,’ says he. ‘make for Indiany, seek out my
poor wife?’ ‘Wife, cap’n?' says I, ‘why, I didn't
know you had got a wife.’ ‘J ack.’ says he. shakin’
his head sorrowful like, ‘years ago I married a
village gal under a false name, the name of
‘ Stone-—' "«

'1 0 “What's that?" exclaimed Mr. Grice. ' “Did: you
' say Stone? -

, V “That's what I did,” replied Barnstable, sucking
his pipe. and regarding the storekeeper out of the
net of his eye. _ - ' A

‘‘It’s very singular?" asked the sailor.

“Nothing. on.”

“ ‘A yearafterwards,’ says my old‘cap’n, ‘I took
to sea ag’in, and deserted her and her child. Of
late years, Jack, I've tried hard—-hard-—Jack,' and
the tears rolled down his weather-beaten checks
as he spoke, ‘to ﬁnd ’em out, but all in vain. My
wife had left her native village and gone to re-
: . latives she had somewhere out in Indiany. Just
r,_' ' what place in the State she went to I couldn't
ind out. But since I got rich, Jack, I meant to go
and search the State from end to end till I found
 my wife and son. The good Lord, however, has

.,aeen ﬁt to prevent me doin’ the right thing by
' ' ‘em. as a ntmishment I suppose for my sin.’ " ,
_ «Barnstable paused to wet his throat with a
drink of cider.
_ M “Maybe she’s dead, cap’n,’ says I._ ‘Maybe,’
says he. ‘maybe,’ and the tones of his voice showed
._ very clear that what _we call fun in our young
~ days is a rare rodzin pickle for us in our old
' ones. ‘But my son,’ says he, ‘my son Fred ’ ”

7,‘ .'W'hatl Was the bov’s name Fred 7" asked Mr.
' .GI'ice, with starting eyes. “Not Fred Stone?”

.-_ ‘The very name, replied the sailor, nodding and
A blowing out a cloud of smoke. “What's the mat-
: tar‘! Do you know such a boy hereabouts 1"’ "add-

- ed e. eagerly.

“No, no: how should I‘!" mumbled Mr. Grice.
while beads_of_persp1ration gathered on his fore-

 

   
 
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
   
 
  
   
 
     
    

- ,-Iiho ma be’ ‘ an." 1' dth ‘1 2
 .5 az..,sp‘.'.‘i§§.a sine."-ﬁg‘: w.’§°.1.°mg,°ti.’Z‘ é’.fp‘v?.
3,  ‘ﬁnd my son out,

be: ‘win’ romise me you

M, ed chgld aﬂlittle
' madallon--_ moth ti ‘t to it f

Eﬂomand fastenedeirt arouhd hi: nee]: S:F;lv:'
 should ‘mar it in memory of his father. ' ind

,”’

4 H ' . ,7As'rAR'r“1NLn?E' _ 

  

o’

 
   
   
 
 

him, Jack,’ says he, ‘ﬁnd him. On him, on my
child, I have settled all I have in the world.” ' "‘_

.“And didn't my brother mention me in his will
at all ‘."' asked Mr. Grice. anxiously.

.(;I'he sailor shook his head slowly from side to’
as: e. -- .
“I guess he must have forgot all about ye, he’

said.
“That's gratitude. I must say." answered 
his voice isankfj

storekeeper, with a look of disgust.
“ ‘Jack,’ says my old cap'n, and
lower and lower every minute. ‘Jack,’ says he, ‘I've .
left all them bonds with the Universal Trust Co-.~
on Broadway, together with my last will and f
testament ’
“ ‘The Universal Trust Co., Broadway, New ‘
York?” , 
Barnstable nodded solemnly. r
“ ‘There's a wallet, Jack,’ says my old cap‘n ins
a faint voice, ‘beneath this mattress in which‘
there's money enough to pay the expenses of your '3
search. Swear. Jack.’ says he; ‘Swear to obev the‘ :1
last wishes of our poor old cap'n.’ Well, Miste1"7
G1-ice, I knelt y the bunk and swore to leave aogj
stone unturned tiil I had found the ean’n's boy.’-
‘Bless you, Jack,’ sayshé, ‘bless you. After I‘m1.V
buried take the first train for Indiany and—ﬂ-,—,"-
The poor old cap'n’s voice sank, he looked‘ at me '.
with a wild stare, and fell back on his pillow-3
never to rise again. My old cap’n, the only friend ’
I had in all the world—was dead.” j  
“Well. Mister Grice." continued the sailor. in a=
more ch ul tone. “as ill luck would have it I]
was rob nearly all my money before ‘I left. _
New York. Some land-shark collared it. I 
had enough to pay my fare to Indianapolis,.aad ,
to buy that horse and waggin, and that there
tinkers outﬁt I have at the /door. Now what
would you have done in such a position? _
“I'd have given the search up as a bad job,"'re- ‘-
plied the storekeeper. 7]
“That's what you'd have done, maybe, but when
Jack Barnstable swears to do a thing he sticks to 4!
it till it is done." ' ' __ I
“Do really intend*to persevere in this wild‘;
goose . ase?" 1; 
“Yes, Mister Grice, on I mean to go until I had j
my poor cap’n’s son. I devote one half ' 
time to tinkerin'. to pay my travelin' expenses, 
the other-half to minute investigation. I main‘.-3‘
it a p’int to inquire at all the post-oﬂleea 
stores, and every house where I stop to do a little)‘.
business in the tinkerin’ line. Up to the oreamiifgs
nobody ain't even so much as heard the name" ,3,
Fred Stone.” - . , E
“It isn’t worth your while to make any lI~,i
vestigations in this village. I have lived 
ﬁfteen years, and I know every man, woman and
child in the place,” said the storekeeper, auxiousto
start the Sall.0l'.OI'l his way out of Dover. .  éf
“I guess you ought to know_ ’em.” replied 
stable, utting the new pipe in an absent 
way in is pocket, and following it with the 
age of tobacco. '"1‘henI_’ll be gettin’ on to ' 3-.
town. I ain't got no time to lose, ‘cause there‘;-5
crocodile to the will.” -» s -, 
‘A crocodile!‘ exclaimed Hr. Groua‘ in a
of perplexi . “Oh, man a " -
you. head ooze . \" s '

‘xx

 

 
 
  

 

  
    
 

«.1 

  
   
   

i"V‘I suppose that’s- what it is," admitted the

‘Well, what does the codicil say?” asked the

« , more eager than ever. 1 -

-' ' “It says if the boy isn't found in two years,~the
property in the trust company should go to——"
‘Yes, ‘yes,’ ejaculated Mr. Gric'e, in a fever of

anxious im tience.

“Some y else."

‘_‘To whom? To whom?”

’ ' ‘That's just what I never rightly knew.”

., ; Mr. Grice nearly choked again, and Barnstable
  seized the partially drained mug, intending to give
him another dose if necessary. _

' ‘This sailor will drive me out of my. mind,”
- thought the postmaster. “It must be myself the
 eodicil aﬁ’ects—his son ﬁrst, his half-brother next,

524

   
 
 

g ‘of course. I'll write to the Universal Trust Com-
 in New York, and ﬁnd out all the partic-
 Yes, that's what I'll do. Now I must send
5"‘ f ’ fellow on his way before Fred turns up. He
’ ‘might see some resemblance in the boy’s face to
 his dear old captain, and ask him questions that
 iv_o:ldd”make it awkward for me to explain after-
. VI . . »~
. ’ “byell,-I must be goin’, Mr. Grice," said Barn-
» _sta e. .
, “Yes, yes; that’s right. Here's a ﬁve-dollar bill
.__to help you on your way, my good friend. Now
don't ose a moment, but go right on to Prescott.”
,“'I'hank ye kindly, Mister Grice. - You’re a gent
of the right sort. When I ﬁnd the cap’n’s boy
 him back this way and interjuce him to

E.

  
   
  
 
   
   
  
   
  
 
    
    
  
   
 
  
   
  
    
  
  

1‘-.

’ér1Ar'rE1z IV.—Fred and His Friend Sam.

‘So you’re. going to shake the village and Mr.»
Grioe and start out for yourself, are you?” said‘
Sun Hawley, Fred’: particular friend, to Fred,
‘ When the latter told him what course he had de-

an. .

.-‘_"_Yea," replied Fred, “that's "what I'm going to
_ , It’: time I made a start in life.”
'..:‘- ;This conversation took place on the back stoop
foot the Hawle home, at t e same time that Jack
. , ﬁarnstable, the sailor, was holding his interview
. ,,  Pgter Grice in the store.” ked S _

f‘; ere 0 you expec o-go. as am. 1!"
Zsftureutedl

y.
. * zcee-sow
And what do you expect to do when you get
. ,,

»“I’haven’t the least idea yet.’ .
‘Look here, Fred, why don't you take to rail-
, loading?" ' *
~ '7Where
Do

  

will I make application for a Job?" _ _
_ want to learn to run an engine like
_ ' " asked Sam. . _

{Any branch of active service will suit me; but
guess I'd like to be an engineer ﬁrst rate,” said
' ~ ‘ with sparkling eyes. “'f‘here’s something
' = ' : after all in the whirr of the wheels,

 of the steam, the shriek of the whistle

;ﬁ;e clanging of the bell. Yes, on the whole,
‘iﬂlﬁat I should refer to be ah engineer.” _ _
‘Good. .1 thong t you would," replied Sam, with
- of satisfaction. ‘Well, you want to see
i «- — A of the roundhouse at Prescott. He'll
itwrork right away, for I happen to know

  

 

A START IN LIFE "6

they're short-handed. He’ll set you to wiping of
engines when they come in after a run, and to
helping the machinist make repairs. It is a dirty,
hard job, but you’ll learn all the different parts
of a locomotive in a short time if you keep your
eyes open, and you're just the boy to do that."

“Do you think my general knowledge of tele-
graphing would help me any, Sam?’

“It might come in handy some day. You never
can tell when the occasion might come up that
your ability to tap a wire along the line and send
a message to the nearest operator might help
you out of a big hole. One of these days when
you get promoted to your first run it would be
a good idea for you to learn the calls_all along
the line.”

“Mr. Grice is bound to kick when I tell him that
I’m going to leave," said Fred.

“Ho! ‘ What do you care for Mr. Grice? I
guess you aren't under any great obligations to
him. He’s made you work for your keep ever
since you could reach a shelf in the store."

“That’s right, he has. He only gives me a dol-
lar a week spending money now, and it's like pull-
ing teeth to get him to give that up. I'm tired of
being his slave.” -

“I should think you would be. Let him kick and
be jiggered. You've got a few dollars saved,
haven’t ,you'!” , .

“Yes.

“Well, all you’ll need is enough to keep you at
Prescott until your first pay day comes around.
In fact on can room with me. I’d like to have
you. W at do you say?"

‘That would suit me all right, of course.”

“I think it would. Shall I tell the foreman of
the roundhouse in the morning that you’ll report
for work some time during the day?" .

“Yesf” V

“All right. You'll find. Brackett will treat you
square as long as you do your duty. He always
keeps a sharp eye on a new comer, especially to
see what's in him. If he ﬁnds ou’re a hustler
and anxious to make your way ead he’1l cotton
to you, though you’ll never know it. Some ﬁne
morning there’ll be a vacancy to ﬁre on a switch
engine and then Brackett will pick out the most
likely chap to fill the bill. It might only be for a
day, you know, but it will be a starter in the right
direction. I've been on a switch engine a dozen
times before I got my present steady sit, which
begins to—morrow. I kept my eyes open ‘and
learned the knack of spreading the coal in the
furnace to the best advantage. You do the same
at the first chance you get, and if youmake good
you’ll soon leave the wiping business to those with
less gumption. »It’s the wideawake chap that gets
ahead in the world, and don't you forget it.’

“I'm sure of that. Sam. and you’ll find I'll get
there with both feet.”

The boys shook hands and Fred started down
the street for the store.

He had only gone a short distance before a »

horsfand wagon hove into view. The rig was
_driven by the faithful sailor, Jack Barnstablo.

CHAPTER V\.—lr._,Pefer Griee Takes Water. .

Fred rose at his customary hour, opened the
store, put the usual display of boxes and barrel:

-\

   

..»"

 

   
 

 
  

his

the verandaaround the door, and after waiting

, . on several customers, went into the kitchen to get

his breakfast, which the housekeeper, Mrs. Burns,

had ready for him. .When Fred saw Grice take

up_ the Wellington morning paper he went up to
him and said: _ _ _

“I suppose you have no objection to my going
to Prescott this afternoon, have you, sir?”

This was rather a nervy request for Fred to
make under the circumstances that bound him to

;; = the interest of Peter Grice, and the postmaster
‘T stared at the boy as if he thought his assistant
had lost his senses.‘ . I
“What’s that?” he roared at last. “You want to
‘go to Prescott this afternoon, eh? And you think
I have no objection to letting you go? Well, I
like your impudence. What business can you
have in Prescott?" .

. “I’m going to ask for employment on the rail-
road,” replied Fred, coolly. — _ '
. , .“What!" shrieked Mr. Grice, and it looked as if
, he was going to have another of his oking spells.
~ Fred waited patiently for him to _ over. .

“Now listen to me, you young villain. Don't yod
dare attempt to leave my employment until I get
good and ready to let. ou go. Do you hear?"
cried Mr. Grice, wrathfu ly.

Grice seized a’ package of oatmeal from the
shelf behind him and threw it at Fred as hard as
he could. The boy dodged and the package
hurtled toward the door, where it struck Abe
Barker, who was entering at the moment, full in
the face. The package burst open and deluged
the new comer rom head to foot in meal: Abe

‘ a roar of surprise and pain, while the

looked horriﬁed at the unexpected re-

‘ ‘ ‘nult. he ad brought about. He was accustomed

' to treat the son of the Squire with the greatest

i respect, because Amos Barker was his best cus-

tomer. In some trepidation he hastened to square

himself with the boy, while Fred took advantage

of the situa ion to retire as gracefull as possible

tmufthc scene. He harnessed the‘ arse to the

shaky wagon and started on his regular morning

trip‘ around the village. It was eleven o'clock

when he got-back to the store, and found Mr. Grice

waiting on a number of customers. He put up

the horse and then helped attend on the people

who were waitin . After that he ﬁlled the orders

he had brought ‘rack with  Mr. Grice_ said

* nothing to him, but favored him with a mighty

. black look. At halt-pasttwelve Fred got his din-

ner. Then he went up to his room and chanted

his clothes. He had made up his mind to 8'0 *0

' Prescott whether Mr. Grico o jected or not The

I look ot quiet determination that rested on his fea-

sureewhen he ro—ontered the store showed that he

was prepared to take the bull b the hp at

whatever cost. _ He walked a to r. Grice, Wh0
 behind the letter oxes, and said:

.“I are going to Prescott, sir.” ’

The postmaster jumped 01! his stool as though
;st.ang,):$::mo venomous insect, and reachedov r

 ‘ assistant. His iacewu as black use

' ‘ and his eyes ﬂashed vengefully. I-‘red
wilmvhaekeiustousorhamchrand thentﬁtoodnliis
‘ * * an r.

 

  

    

 

’AL-STAHT IN LIFE-

  

  
  
  
    
    
  
 
 

-first time in his 1ife'Mr. Grice began to  ‘ ,7
that his power over‘ the boy was slipping away‘ 
from him. He saw something in Fred's eyes  
warned him that the lad did not propose to be
handled without gloves any longer. ' ’
His angry eyes ran up and down the boy's stal-.
wart person, and noted the intrepid ﬂash of his ,
hazel eyes. The inspection satisﬁed him that he “
had reached ‘his limit and that bulldozing would 
no longer prevail. So he adopted different tactics.’
’ “So you're going to Prescott and without my
permission, are you?" -
“That's about the size of it, Mr. Grice. I'd _
rather you would give me permission, but if you .. ~
won’t——” _ _
“You can go,” replied the postmaster in

ne.
He had surrendered because he couldn’t help
himself.
“Thank you, sir. I’ll be back as soon as I can.’ '
“See that you do,” replied Mr. Grice, resuming
his stool in a very bad humor indeed. 1-
“Is there anythin I can do for you in Pres»
cott?" asked Fred, 1) easantly. ,
“N 0, there isn’t.”

Just then Kittie Clyde entered the store. » ' —
“What can I do for you, Kittie?” asked Fred, H
eagerly. ) . r _ «
_ “I want half a dozen spools of Clai-k’s thread,“ 
Nos. 50, 60 and 70,” and she mentioned some gre- 1 T’
ceries. ..‘.. -

“There’s your bundle, Kittie. If you'll wait till ’ 
I charge the goods up to your aunt I will walk I
down the street with you.” 

Kittie waited, and in a few minutes she and - 
Fred walked out of the store together. 3- "

A surly

 

I

CHAPTER VI.—-A Diabolical Scheme. ' 

Fred left Kittie at her aunt's home and contin— A‘ -'
ued on his way to Prescott. He had told her his 5 ’
intentions. He had a good eight-mile walk ahead  2
of him, but that was a mere hagatelle to an active, '_ '
sturdy-liinbed lad like him. He conﬁdently ex- ‘
ﬁected to reach his destination within a couple at

ours, and the chances were he would do so. Hot"
soonaleft the village behind and then his way led A
him along’the countr road. It was a pleasant
afternoon, with a lig t breeze blowing, and the
tramp was exhilarating to the boy. Fred  ~
walked a couple of miles when he grew thirsty. . "
He remembered there was a"spring of cool water
at a certain spot close by the road. It was, shaded H’
by a thick clump of bushes. At this point 
fence was missing for a space of a dozen feet. ,
Fred skirted the bushes and sinking down on his -*
hands and knees drank his ﬁll. As he raised his,"
head he caught the thud of several horses coining "
down the road at a lively clip. He thought uoth~
mg of the matter until the riders reined in direct-
-ly opposite the break in the fence, dismounted, and
after tyingtheir animals to aconvenient true,
‘we, over to the clump of bushes behind whié 
the boy was still kneeling at the spring, and sat .
Jlownonagg. _ _ g  
“I'm air ’ this is a risky piece of. «
Giblosf  a voice say. “Bight.

\

 

 

       

Yhthtxﬂov

   
  
 
   
  
  
  
   
   
  

.'-What's the matter?” asked Gibson, with an
’ laugh. ‘Are you getting an attack of
 at the last moment, Morgan?" .
hope not; but I think this matter ought to be

erence what train is shunted into the river so
' as one of them ﬁnds its way there.” -
, 't- you?" replied the third man, in a calm,
“Well. it makes all the difference in

   
   
 
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
 
 
  
   
  
  
   
    
  
  
    
  
  
    
    
  
  
  

suppose it does, then, “if you say so, Mr.
res, said Morgan, in a respectful way.
e train that Lwisli to get is the express that
passes. Prescott at 1:35. President Whitney, of
' Round Top, the most dangerous man to the
‘mtareats of the Blue Line, is aboard that train.
3%‘ would mean thousands of dollars to the old
rigid if we can wipe him out of existence.”
‘How is that, Mr. Squires?’.’. _ _
‘He is the backbone, the whole thing I might
, of the opposition road. Without him at the
' , the Round Top would in time go to pieces
 £1-st-class line, and the Blue Line would then
in and absorb it and thus squelch it as a dan-
- ~ competitor. Whitney owns, or at least con-
‘ . direequarters of the stock of the Round
‘Pop. and is a hard man to down. At this moment
‘ puttin through that plan of his-a tunnel-
.1  Top mountain. When completed it
drive the Blue Line into the position of a sec-
‘ , . mad, for b doing away with the thirty-
. swing around the foothills of the range the
Top line will be aﬁl: t_0 sage foéty min-
‘time run to rrison unc on. an
€*niakeo<:.lo:lel:'connections with the P. D. &
&r‘all points east and southeast.”
.5 If'gg¢,'.'.said the man who had been addressed
Io;-gan. “The, object is to do up this man
14 , ,' ‘ _
ve got the idea exactly," replied Mr.
:. . “As soon as I heard that he was a pas-
‘ on the afternoon ex ress I made-u my
— as to’ the course I shou d pursue. The _ound
- “Strikes the river a short distance this side of
..... gnd parallels it to a point half a mile
~- here, At that int there is a side track
-...,dgw;; to the of a turn in the stream.
 "switch there misplaced. the express. ‘;Vhi¢h
 that spot half an hour from now will go
-. "t into the river. It will carry l5resident
‘B1’ .. _to his death, and save the fortunes of the
"F. mg. Line. Now you understand the situa-

reclion we do,” "said Gibson, with a short

to ta.mp"°15dwbetteith ?est:rtVitfi}tl ?c:nce.”
you had. You haven't rot any to}: much
doth; work and_ t outofharms way.
; ‘Hagan, it 1 be-your dutalto look
mt-ack walker who goes over . at P8115
... at before the express is due. See to
i ‘he we to reach the neighborhood of the
‘ Do , understand?"

s.i...z."i.‘a good pair of «£83

a . '- I’ .
. ,_Ihu;uwillaeii?kal‘i'1n1Vb°81'
hiin."- ‘

   

 

here 
an as

   

ollghttobea
.. workand tback
"" ¥z_saeatt.’ge“l‘hlt

interred till night. I don’t see that it makes much —

ble_to get down to. the.

ex

.§STAR'l‘INLIFE‘  1

time to reach the top of the hill, whence we can
get a full glim se of the accident." '

Gibson and organ immediately left the prea-
ence of Mr. Squires, who remained seated on the
trunk, mounted their horses and rode oil‘ toward
the river, ‘which they had to cross by a stout
wooden bridge to reach the Round Top track on
the ‘other bank. ‘Fred stood frozen, as it were. to
the spot while the two rascals rode away to carry
into effect their villainous deisgn. As the sound
of their horses’s hoofs died away, Fred pulled
himself together like a person waking up from a
fearful nightmare.

“There’s only one thing to be done," he breath-
ed, resolutely. “I must interfere and try and pre-
vent the execution of. this murderous scheme.

When he hastily started for the road from be-
hind the Ieafy screen Mr. Squires saw him and
was thunderstruck by his presence on the spot at
that moment. Squires, however, was a man at

uick thought and action. He ' tly suspected
t at the boy had heard all that d passed he-.
tween himself and his partners in the projec
piece of villainy. Before Fred could‘ put him
into a posture of defence, Mr. Squires was upon
him with the force of a far western c clone. Both

went down in a heap on the turf, red, unfor-
tunately, underneath. Mr. ires jumped astrido
of him and held him down. t was then that Fred

awoke to the unpleasant fact that he was in the
power of one of the ' ' .

CI-IAPTER VII.—'l‘he Flying Leap.

“Lie still, you young cur!” exclaimed the man.
through his teeth. “Lie still or it will be the worse

for mi.” ,

“ at do you mean by attacking me in this
way?” demanded Fred, ceasing to strug e in or
der to re in his breath and energies or a re-
newal of t e mix-up.

“What were you doing behind those bushes, just
now." — .

“I don't seeztliat it is any of your business!”
retorted the boy. “What do you mean to o
with me?”

“That's up to you. If you'll admit the full ex-
tent of your knowledge of our movements, I'll talk
business with you." 4

“What do you mean by buiness?”

"Where do you live?” asked Mr. Squires, with-
out noticing his question. _

“In Dover.” answered the lad.

“What business brings you out here?"

“I was going to Prescott.” .

“What took you behind those bushes!" .

“There is a spring there, and I -stopped to gut
a drink of water.”

"Yon did, eh? It didn't t8dke’ty0ll  min-
utes—to ta e a drink. hy di 11 you a grow your-
self when you gotthrough instead of hiding thorn‘ _
and listening to our conversation?’

“ﬂowdoyouknawlwashsteningtoyoureob
versatioii?" asked Fred, doggedly.

:1 am sure of it.”
your

“I am.

-Betterownpupwhilethaehangee

yours.” V

 

\

 
 

 

    
   
 

pa{s®£et¢0§l.c\gk§gh01dm¢dOWnt§i8W8,ﬁn"i

  
  
 

A START

..‘.‘Y:.";:i‘:i.i.9:::..::s«
“Then you'll probabl go into the creek above
here with a stone attac e to your feet."
At that moment Fred heard the distant gallop
of the returning horsemen. It spurred him into
‘' makin a fresh effort to save himself from the
possibe consequences his captor’s words suggest-
ed. ‘It might be that his life depended on the suc-
cess of his stru les. With a desperate tug he
~ freed his wrists mm the rip Mr. Squires had
upon them. Then he gr-app ed the ‘man about the
waist and tried to throw him. A ﬁerce contest for
supremacy ensued between them.

' Mr. Squire's eﬂ’orts to maintain his seat on
Fred's chest prevented him using his fists to strike
the boy in the head or face. They squii-med about
from side to side until Gibson and Morgamrode
u and dismounted. Both of them were aston-
ished to see the struggle that was going on be-
tween Mr. Squires and the boy. As soon as Mr.
Squires saw them his face lit up with satisfac-
tion. . S

' . » “Come here. both of You. and help me to secure
this rig monk " '

E,
Di

  
   
   
   
 
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  

forward. ._

“Trouble enough. The cub was behind those
bushes all the time we were talking and he's on to
our plans to do the express. We've got to silence
him, or it will be the hangman’s rope for the
three of us if the job goes through."

“Oh, tliejob will go through _all right; don't
you fear. So this chap was listeni_ng_, was he?”

“He heard every word, I'm willing to swear,
though he won't own up.”

“Then he'll have to go the way of the express,
I'm thinkin'. Pin not goin' to put my,neck_into
a noose to save the life of any man or boy either
on the face of the globe.~ Hold him steady now
till I can grab his’ feet.” - _

Fred, saw that the game was about up with him.
He made one last determined effort, however. Mr.
Squires was taken slightly oft his guard and Fred
_ an d in rolling him over on is back. Then

the luck boy s_ rang to his feet. _

. “geize im Gi son." roared Mr. S uires.

‘Gibson ma. a grab for the, lad. red ducked
and slipped under his extended arms. Then he
dashed around the bushes with the three men at
his heels. He led them a pretty lively chase
among the many obstructions that abounded in
that plot of mid, and ﬁnally doubled like a hare
' on them angrgtarted at full tilt f0!‘ the P035-

“Ee mustn't t away,” shouted Mr» Squires-

Gibson and or n didn't intend that the boY
should if they cou d prevent it. But Fred had
sou,-qetliing 01 irlead on them, and his mind had
conceived a plan for escaping from them. While
he was sure he could easily outrun them If 116
took to the level road, he knew they would be able
to ace him down on horseback in no time. The
 that occurred to him was to seize_one of the
 himself and make‘ oﬂ, trusting to the
of outriding them. for he was an expert
, , -He put this scheme into ' cutionas
wannabe reached the'road. Gibson, in is hurry

.< . . , ’ call, had not stopped to tie
 ix‘ sﬁfileet-footed mare.
t tact, and the

  

   
     
   

   

horse out,

       

IN LIFE

8Y- .
hat’s the trouble‘.’”, asked Gibson as he came

. while it held the switch in its misplaced

V  , “hear. 2, T and digging his heels into her.
 tack ;iww_ay the men had ins

 

 

when‘ v
he saw the tactics of e boy. He rush for his ‘j
own horse-—-an animal that showed speed in every 
limb. Tearin the bridle from the tree he sprang ‘_
into the sadd e and darted after the ﬂeeing bay. .
as fast as he could make his charger  organ
imitated his example, while Gibson ollowed the
procession on foot. It promised to be a wild chase.
The road led up a slight rise, then switched
around to the le t where a gentle declivity ran
down to the wooden bridge which spanned the
river at its narrowest point. A strange thing
however, had happened to the bridge since G’

son and Morgan repassed it a short time before.
Then it seemed to be perfect, now a formidable

come—that is toward the river and the railroad 
beyond. Mr. Squires gave a shout of g

; ~ ,s...»;,v®,  .. :.

looking hole appeared in the planking. It must
have been that the boards had in the course of
time become loosened from their hold on the sup-
porting timbers, and that the hoofs of the horses
ridden by Gibson and Morgan had completed their .
demoralization. r "
At any rate, a few minutes after the rascals 
had recrossed the bridge the planks fell with aw 
splash into the water below and ﬂoated ‘away 
down the river. Fred, of course, never dreamed.’ 
of the pitfall that lay in his path; nor did his 13- ‘
lentless pursuers. The boy, urgin his  '
animal‘ to her to speed, came rus ‘n ' e the
wind down the sight declivity towar the 
bank. Mr. Squires ‘turned the top of the elevatiolr «
a fraction of a minute behind him, for his mount‘ '
was superior to the lad’s.
For the moment it looked like a dead sure thing
that the rascal would overtake his uarry before
the boy could reach the other side of e river. As,
the mare struck the bridge at a two-fortiélip. 
Fred-'s heart went suddenly cold, for right are
him yawned the gap where the half dozen planks ,
were missing. It was utterly impossible for him .
to avoid the issue that lay in his wag. Had he i
tried» to pull in the mare she woul assured! T ,
have slipped straight into the abyss. There was 5
only one thing to do, that was to take‘ the churn  ‘
as one would a hurdle, and the result depended on "
the horse alone. The animal however, was equal
to the emergency. She took a ﬂyin leap and
landed him safely beyond the break. 3‘. 
who had counted on ertakiiig the boy in anotheiy .“
minute, reined -in just in tune to save himself. PE

¢’”

   
   

*5

 

CHAPTER VIII.-—-Saving the Express. ‘ 4;

Fred was riding as hard as he could go toward,»
the railroad. As he came in sight of the swi ..
with the side track branching down to the i
of the river, he heard the whistle of the express
as it passed the crossing less than a mile AW]!
He urged the mare forward,_and the a_mmal>ro-
sponded nobly. The locomotive burst into 
up the track as Fred ﬂung hiinselt from the 
dle and ran to, the open. switch. The lock 
been broken by Gibson, with an implcnient he 
brought along for the purpose, and the iron

     
     

  

  
   
 
       
   
 

couldeasilybedrawnoutsoastopermit S
to be pushed over and the main track made
fectagain. rhishmdiigsteneziuao. . ,.
The engineer had an instant bcfpre 
the  appearance the 

 
     
   

 — the switch was 0 , and he knew what that
meant. He w ' ed down-brakes, revemed the
lever in the cab, and opened the sand valves, but

i’, themomentumofthetrainwastoogreattobe

>3’ _ overcome in time to have saved the train but for

Fred’: presence and rompt action. The train slid
past with groaning, rake-locked wheels, but safe
-on the main track, and the engineer lost no time

.  his course, when he saw_that all was

*" right. he windows were ﬁlled with a host of

, startled faces, for the passengers had been badly

shaken up, but not one knew theitperil he had es-

‘, ca through the interposition Fred Stone.

‘J’ heaven!” he eiaculated, "I have circum-

vented those scoundrels and saved the express. It

was a close ,eall for those people; but a miss they
say is as good as a niile. I guess l’ve made a. ﬁne

horse by the operation.” ,

At that moment he saw a roughly dressed man
running toward him. Fred waited for him to
come up.

‘Say. what does all this mean ?” demanded the

 

,.;ian.
,_  He was the track-walker and there was blood
1*‘ (Ii his face where Morgan had struck him down
'“ " 'lnsaisible with a stone.
“It means that the afternoon express came
3,,‘ within an ace  ' to the river.”
ﬁg. “Was the switch open?” ”
" “It was. And set so on purpose. "
‘Good gracious! Do you mean it_? gasped the
man, a look of horror coming over his features.
_. / “I do. Three scoundrels planned _the job, and
 . would have succeeded in carrying their_design out
_  ally I overheard them plo to do it, and got
lway from them in time frustrate their
“Ieheme.”

_ . “Then it must have been one ‘of them that
"knocked me senseless with a stone in the cut.”

“It certainly was. A fellow by the name of
 rgan. He was sent to look for you while his
rj . wmon, Gibson, was misplacin the switch.”
‘- ' matter must he reports at once,” said
the track-walker, vgping the blood from his face.
“Come with me. eres a signal tower at the
 just around the curve yonder,” inting
~ in the rection of Prescott. ‘:We’ll take t e news
to the operator there." ,

So leading the mare by her bridle, Fred accom-
_- panied the man to the signal tower. Fred told his
story to the tower man and»he wired the news to
7 the  superintendent, sending_ in Fred 5

"lame and address. Then the boy continued on to
T He rode to the yards of the Round TOP
Railroad at that town, and found his way to the
_ roundhouse, where he inquired for Brackett, the

“Well,'what'do you'want?" asked a square-built.
gag;-nqjsaggd f thi -two.
_ ‘Are you  naked Fred. _
g.  ‘That :1 my name," replied the foreman, looking
 over with a sharp eye. ‘v _ ‘

"i “I'm looking for work. Can you give me a Job?”

  
  

    
     
  
     

 

“Anybody send you here?”
i , :%tHawley told me to apply to 5'00-”
" ’s yournname?”

“You're the ﬁber was s king to me about
lliismorning. at kind o work are you look-

 I can get."

.1 ’

A START IN LIFE ‘ . 9

“Well, the only kind of work for an inexperi-
enced person in this place is that of wiper.

“Can you give me a job as wiper, sir?”

"I can. I suppose _you understand it is the low-
est and dirtiest work on a railroad.”

"I suppose so, from what Sam Hawley told me.”

"He’s been through the mill and ought to
know,” replied the oreman with a grim smile.
“You'll have to wipe engines, shovel ashes wash
out boilers and tanks, turn the table, help e ma-
chinists to lug ‘and lift, and do a score of other
things equally unpleasant.”

“But engine wipers stand a show of becoming
ﬁremen, don't they?”

‘‘If they’re uncommonly smart, yes; but_ promo-

tion, as srule, comes slow. A man must wipe long.

enough to become familiar with every part of an
engine, and know how one is run, before he can
get something better.”

“Well, I’ve decided to become a locomotive en-
gineer some day, and expect to begin at the foot
of the ladder.” ‘

“You mean that, do you?’.’

“Yes, sir."

"You live in Dover, I believe.”

“Yes, sir.”

"Clerking in a general store?”

“I am.”

"When can you come to work?"

“Inside of a week.”

“Very well. Report here next Monday morning
at seven o’clock and I'll put you to work as a
wiper. You'll have to live here in Prescott, of

“ un e n .
coulsend rsta d that
Sam Hawley.”

“All right.

day." . \
The foreman turned away and entered the
roundhouse, whence issued the sound of hammer-
ing. At that moment an engine was run in on the
table, and some wipers swung it around. Then
it was backed toward the roundhouse. It came
to a stop just outside the door and the wipers
started in upon it. Fred watched them with great
interest.

“That's what I'll be doing myself next week,”
he mused. “lt’s dirty work; but nevertheless it
gives a fellow a start in life."

With those words he returned to where he had
hitched his horse, mounted it and took the county
road back for Dover.

I'm going to room with

I’ll expect to see you next Mon-

CHAPTER IX.-—A Start in Life. '

Fred had some doubts about his reception by
Mr. Grice when he got back to the store, but there
were no unpleasant results, much to his satisfac-
tion, He put the mare, which had come into his
possession in such a stirring manner, into the
stable, and wondered if the man Gibson would
make any very strong effort under the circum-
stances to recover his property, if the animal was
his property. Next morning Fred notiﬁed Mr.

Grice to enga another bq to take his place,
and the postm r, instead of ii ‘rig into a rage‘
as the boy expected he would, mly nodded, and

the matter was considered to be settled.
Grice had written to the Universal Trust Co..
of New York, for information about his half-

\

 

 ' \

 

brother’s Will, and he fully expected the reply
would show that he was-the beneﬁciary under the
oodicil. Now that Jack Barnstable was out of the
way, and daily getting further away from chance '
x contact with the son of his dear old cap’n, Mr.
Grice entertained strong hopes that when the time
i limit mentioned in the will had expired the $100,-
’ 7 " 000 worth of bonds would come into his hands. All
i ‘this had a tendency to reconcile him to the in-
evitable parting with the boy it was his purpose
’ to wrong in so gross a manner. About noon that
day a weazel-faced man of medium height, with
very smart eyes, entered the store and asked for
V Fred. Mr. Grice, to whom the inquiry had been
addressed, jerked his thumb toward the rear of ‘
the place where the boy was ﬁlling the orders he
‘had’ collected around the village that morning.
The weazel-faced man tapped the lad lightly on
the shoulder. _ >
_ “I am one of the road detectives, and I have
 called onyou to obtain a more explicit account of
" the outrageous scheme yougexposed and as close a
description as you can give me of the scoundrels
themselves."

“Very well. I will telliyou the whole story,"
and Fred did so,- explaining to the detective that
he had started for Prescott to ask for a job in the
roundhouse of the railroad -company, and that
owing’ to the fact that he had stopped at the

— roadside spring to get a drink he had overheard
j"‘* g the plot to wreck the train, the avowed object of
 " which, accgrding to the words of Mr. Squires, who
seemed tobe the moving spirit of the enterprise,
was to cause the death of President Whitney of
the Round Top road because he was regarded as
' a dangerous factor of the interests of the Blue
Line, the original road between Galena and Har-
rison Junction on the P. D. &- Q. trunk line, which
the Round Top practically paralleled, greatly to
the detriment of the Blue Line's passenger and
freight traﬁic.
_ “Ha!” exclaimed the detective. “This seems
to be a much more serious matter than we had
any idea of. Are’ you prepared to swear to the
truth of all the facts you have Just stated to me,
ng maul”? _
“I am,” replied Fred, promptly.
, . “Be careful now, my lad,” said Mr. Sharpley,
solemnly. “Remember that you are bringing a
V - grave charge to the attention of the management
of the Round Top Company——a charge that must
freﬁect, even indirectly, on the management of the
r v Blue Line.” _ _ ~
, .“I am making no charge against anybody but
the three men implicated in the attempt to wreck
the express. replied Fred.
. p “I understand that. But a sinister construction
it . will undoubtedly be placed on the conversation
. assert that you overheard. Of course it will
7 jglinipossible for you to verify your statement, as
= you have no witness to corroborate it. Still your
‘* story, made under oath, will carry a certain
. Fweight that cannot but lead to complications be—‘
‘ S themanagement of the two roads."
 red then described. how, after Gibson and Mor-
 on their crooked errand, he had
‘ E: S ’ red byMr. Squires, who he thought had

 

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  

W dtq ' f the ’aclutches.'
Ilzscals mid‘ ‘caused ‘Mr. ‘

aw

 
   

‘fr

A START IN LIFE

— to Tower 16 and telling the operator the partic-

,as that.”

gcompsnied the others, and the fruitlessastruggle .

       
 

Squires to slightly relax his vigilant hold on him, 1
which he had taken immediate advantage of; how I
he had escaped on the back of Gibson's horse, now f_
in Mr. Grice’s stable, and had reached the siding
Just in time to turn the switch lever back into its".
proper, position and thus save the train from f
leaving the main track, which must have resulted . '=
in its destruction as contemplated by the trio of 
villains whom he had overheard. The balance 1
of his story, which related- to his meeting with the
track-walker and going, at the man's suggestion, I

ulars of the attempted wreck, was soon told.
“Young man," said the detective, “you have _§
rendered a valuable ‘service to the Round Torr
Company which, I can assure you, will receive ‘
suitable recognition. Now I shall have to requst _' '
you to come with me before a justice of the peacc._',
who will take down your story in writing and j
witness your signature under oath.” 
“I am ready to go with you. Please make your ’
request to Mr. Grice.” ' .
Mr. Sharpley spoke to the storekeeper, who 
grudgingly permitted Fred to accompany the do-. ’
tective to Squire Barker's office where the matter
was put through in accordance with the railroad
man's views. ' V ’
“I am very much obliged to you. Stone.”
detective, when they left the Iawyer’s
think it likely that you will be requested to go to‘ i
Galena to repeat your story before the Board of ’
Directors of the Round Top. At any rate do not ,
be surprised if you receive such an invitation and 
do not fail to comply with it, for it will be greatly .
to your advantage to do so. Good-by." 
ﬁred had furnished the detective with a very? 5
fair description of Gibson and Morgan, and 3.»;
pretty accurate one of Mr. Squires, so that Mr. ‘ '
Sharpley had great hopes of being able to run ,‘
down the three rascals, who seemed to be acting 
under some kind of an understanding with per- 
sons interested in the Blue Line management.
That night Fred called on Kitty Clyde and told 
her that he had secured a. job as a wiper in the '~‘
Prescott roundhouse of the Round Top Railroad, ,
and that he was going to start to work on the 
following Monday. . ' _fg
“I'll be able to see you every Sunday, Kittie. as L_
Prescott in only eight miles from this village, that W
is if you care to have me call upon you as often-V‘

“Why, of course I'd like to have you call, Fredi’?
replied Kittie, in a pleased tone. “l’m awfully
glad you're not going so far away as Chicago.” - 

“Same here. It's a wonder I never thought of 4;
tackling railroading before when the idea is use 
to my taste. As often as 1' have talked with 4 iii:
Hawley, it never occurred to me, nor to him either, 
that this was the line that best suited my inclinae 
tions. When I told Sam, Sunday night, that I '
thought of going to Chicago to make a decent
start in life, then he brought the subject ‘up in a _
way that opened my eyes to the possibilities pro-f._:
sented by~a railway career. It is my 
now to become a first-class locomotive kin ‘ :~
ﬁnd you'll ﬁnd, Kittie, that I'll get there if»

ve. * .

Next morning a messenger from the 
agent-'at’,Prescott rode over to Dover  delivers
altelegi-aphicmessage to Fred, 

2

    
 
   
   
  
  
 

     

  

, take the afternoon express for Galena, the con-

’-"ductor of which had orders to stop at the ﬂag
 1 ‘crossing, one mile outside of Dover, expressly to
v- pick him up. An oﬂicial of the road would meet
-_ ‘ _him at the Galena depot, and he would be con-
 ‘ sidcred the guest of the Round'Top Company until

 

he returned to Dover, Fred showed the despatch to
Mr. Grice, who made a kick against his absence

" from the store, but in the end gave him reluctant
permissionsto go to Galena. When the express
, ‘slowed up at the crossing Fred was waiting there
_ ready to board it. The conductor took him into a
drawing-room car and left him there until the
train reached Galena at seven o'clock that evening.
President Whitney’s private secretary took charge
of him at the depot and carried him off in a cab
to a hotel, where he registered and dined with his

- conductor in a big room whose splendor and
' cuisine was a revelation to the country boy, ac-
customed all his life to the meager bill of fare
provided b the Dover postmaster. At half-past
- eight o’cloc he was introduced to the Board room
“of the Directors of the Round Top Railroad, where
the was politely received by the president and other

- ' cﬁeials identiﬁed -with the road’s management.
A Detective Sharpley was also present. Here he told
- his remarkable story of the knavery of the three
 men who had tried to wreck the express on Mon-

‘? i

  

day afternoon. and was cross-examined at some
i_  as to the exact words of the conversation
'5: ~‘ he ad overheard between Mr. Squires and his as-
E, sistants. In no particular did his story vary from
his sworn statement that lay before President
= Whitney on the long table. The directors all
‘i looked very grave when he had_concluded. He
received their thanks, and President Whitneyfs
‘promise that he would be well rewarded for his
ipraiseworthy conduct in the matter. He was then
taken back to the hotel, where he passed the night
in a room that seemed to his eyes palatial. After
breakfast next morning he was carried to the
_ depot in a cab in time to board the morning ex-
press for Harrison Junction. He was dropped off
‘ at the ﬂa crossing in accordance with express
orders to e conductor and at half-past two was
back at the store. Sunday morning he packed his
few belongings into a well worn grip, and after
dinner bade good-by to Mr. Grice and Mrs. Burns,
1-’ the housekeeper. Before leaving he tendered the
‘i use of Gibson's mare to the postmaster for his
‘keep, and Mr. Grice promised to look after the
animal, which was a much superior horse to the
old nag he owned. Then grip in hand, Fred went
over to Sam.Hawley’s house, where he met Sam
audhadsu r. Afterthemealhemadeacall
. on Kittie. ere he remained until Sam called for
"him at nine o'clock.
" ‘Well,’ said Fred as they walked over to the
crossing to catch a freight for Prescott, “Pm
a start in life at last.’
‘That's what you are. You were only vegetat-
lng at the store, and never would have amounted
to a row of shucks ifyou had remained there."
' "I know that. I'm gladthat I'm not bound for
Chicago. I should feel pretty homesick if I

us I
. ’ “Bet life would. When a fellow has
’ lived’  life Ema place, especially a country
yilage like Dover, he's bound to feel p sore
‘then he coinestothe pointofbreakingoilod ties

 
  
    
  
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
  

\\.
g_ :’

 A START IN LIFE

-ner to eat what he had brought with him.

11

—particularly when one of those ties is a pretty
girl like Kittie Clyde,” grinned Sam.

“Oh, come oil’; don't get funny,” replie(l Fred,
flushing up.

But just then the freight came lumbering along,
:32 the boys swung themselves aboard of the ca-

se.

* CHAPTER X.—-A Double Reward.

On Monday morning Fred appeared at the
roundhouse in overalls and jumper ready for
work. The first task he was put at was shoveling
ashes, and it engaged his attention for more than
an hour, when he was called upon by one of the
machinists to help carry a heavy casting» to a cer-
tain part of the roundhouse. Later on he got his
first chance at helping to clean a locomotive that
had just been run into the house from the table
outside. After that he found plenty to keep him
busy, and long before noon Fred was smeared with
dirt and grease, which was a new experience for
him. The foreman passed him by several times
in the course of the morning, but never stopped.
nor opened his mouth to the new hand. Fred
thought that perhaps Brackett had so much on his
mind that he did not notice him, but that was not
the fact. The foreman had watched him without .
appearing to do so, a trick of his, and noticed ‘
that the lad never stood around with his hands in
his pockets after completing a job, but hustled I
around of his own accord to ﬁnd another one. He
was helping at cleaning another locomotive when
dinner hour came, and he sat down in a sunny cor- -
So far
he had had no opportunity to meet Sam -Hawley,
who was in the cab of a switch engine moving
around in another part of the yard. After ﬁnish-
ing‘ with the locomotive his services were called
into requisition by a machinist, who was making ,
some repairs on an engine. The man was a soci-
gbledsort of fellow and he took a kind of fancy to

re .

When the boy, who watched to see how things
were done, and passed the tools as the machinist
required them; asked some questions about dif-
ferent parts of the locomotive, the man readily
gratiﬁed his craving for knowledge. In this way
Fred quickly caught on to a lot of miscellaneous
information that would subsequently be of great ‘
value to him, for he sessed an excellent memory
and readily retain what came under his notice.
The afternoon passed away far more quickly than ‘
he had any idea of, ‘and he was rather surprised
when told it was time to knock off for the day.

"Well," said Sam, when he ran against his ~
friend after washing up, “how did things pan out ‘
with ou to-day?’ ‘

“’A right,” answered Fred, cheerfully.

“Do you think you'll like the work and will stick
it (mt till you learn enough to get in line for
something better?”

“Sure I will. I'm not a quitter."

“I didn’t think ya were, though lots of chaps
start in like u have and give up the job in no
time at all. ou see a new hand always gets hold
of the dirtiest work that’s around. '1‘ other
wipers shove it on to him when they can st to
see how long he'll stand it.’

 

     
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
  
  
   
   
    
    
 

',w.'-", A  v.’-

A ;«;—:m

 

{Is that a fact? Well, I suppose I've got_to

expect such courtesies then. I had an easy Job
this afternoon anyway. I was helping one of the
machinists who was repairing a locomotive. All
I did was to pass him the tools he wanted and
ask questions.” _

“Ask questions?" grinned Sam. “What kind of

V questions?" -

“About the different

“Did he answer you?

“Sure he did, He gave me a heap of informa-
tion, and I've got it all here."

Fred tapped his forehead signiﬁcantly and look-

wise.

_ “You are making a good beginning, old man,"
said Sain.~ “Keep it up and the first thing you
know you will-be asked to ﬁre a switch engine.
That's the first real step upward." .

The boys went to a restaurant for their supper,
which, though nothing to boast of in Sam's_ opin-
ion, was in Fred's eyes _a banquet when compared
with Mr. Grice’s evening meal. While Fred was
cleaning the driving rod of a locomtive next morn-
ing, Brackett came up and paused alongside of.
him. After watching him at his work a moment
or two he'said:

parts of the engine."

the afternoon express from going into the river a
week ago yesterday?" 
,, . ,, . -
“féezwsllyouiegildziierlhellhzeiixhegggflhut it never
. struck me that you were the hero of that affair
until the yardmaster mentioned the matter to ‘me
—. and gave me this letter to hand to youb It bears
the imprint of the president's oflice at a na.
“Thank you, sir," said Fred, putting the letter
V in his pocket without opening it.
‘ thzlfreekon you won’t  long with us now," said
oreman. ~
“Wh "ct?"
“Youy’llnbe able to pick out a job that might be
more congenial to you. ou are bound to have a
T pull with the company after what you did, which
f . youfought _to be able to work to your advantage."
."I’ui satisﬁed where I am, sir. _
“As a wiper?” asked the ‘oreman in some sur-

. x

, “Yes, "sir. I mean to make it a stepping-stone
V to the post of engineer-.". .

sir.” -
“"'£.‘he’n you intend to use your. pull to that end,

3 ,«‘No, sir. That's not my way of doing business.
All I ask or will accept from you or the company
V ’ iau fair deal. I don’t expect to be advanced until

1 rve it. When I have acquired the necessary
I’ «hwwledgeand experience I hope to go ahead, not
otherwise. I expect to become a first-class en-

   
 
 

skim over any part of the practical
Ihope you understand

replied the foreman with a grunt

‘I 4 f fgoni th comp by, and.
4 shglytloualﬁigﬁtillalt bae“i,rli'duced’to gush nlenahead
‘j& I It would not be just to me, not fair to
. other vipers‘-" ’ -
‘Boa’:

1

  

 
   

.'u_,

we .  ‘r

 

“Look here, Stone, are you the boy who saved ‘

fhieer ' ‘me, and I couldn't do that if I'wIs-

war:-reboot the other  It’: the.

 

    
    
    
  
 

IN LIFE : A I ’ ‘-5;

best man that gets ahead under me. If you climb ~
over any one’s head it will be because you deserve
the advancement.” »
“Thank you, sir. ’ That's all I ask.” replied‘
“He's a comer, or I'm mistaken,” muttered
Brackett, as he moved off. “Ninety-nine chaps ‘
out of a hundred would pull the company's leg I
to its fullest extent, if they were in this young ‘
fellow's place. And in ‘the end what would they .
‘amount to? This boy has true grit and ambition .
to succeed. He'll reach the cab one of these days
as sure as eggs are eggs." 
Fred forgot all about that letter until h_e and 
Sam_ were seated at a table in the restaurant ‘
waiting for their supper ‘to be served. _ Then he —’
pulled it out of his pocket, tore off the end, and .
took out the enclosure. , '
“What have you got there?" asked Sam curious- 
ly. “That looksoﬂicial." ' '-
“It's from the president of the Round Top,".
replied Fred. - ‘
“Hello! What's that? Checks?” cried Sam.
Fred took up the two oblong sheets of bond
paper, one after the other. They were checks
without a doubt-—one on the Galena Nat’
Bank for the sum of $5,000, payable to the o I’ '~ -
of Fred Stone, and signed b the Treasurer of the .-
Round Top Railroad Co., t e other the  >
check of President Whitne for $1,000, a pay-
able to the order of «Fred tone. The letter ex-
plained that the directors of the company had-, ‘i
voted Fred "$5,000 -in recognition of his services ;
in savingthe express. and Mr. Whitney  1'1‘
took great pleasure in forwarding the ch _ to_
him, tcgether with his own check for a thousand ’:
as a slight evidence of his gratitude to the boy for ' '
saving his life. \ 3 \ g
“Gee!‘ You’re rich!” exclaimed Sam. as he re- 
_ garded the valuable pieces of paper with bul ' ~ -
e es. “Six thousand dollars! My gracious
hat are you going to do with all that money?‘;’._ ,-
“What should I do with it but out it in some :9-
good bank and let it stay there?" M
“My but you're in luck!" said Sam. .“I suppose :3
you'll shake the ,1-oundhouse with its dirt.and' -.
grime now.” . ' ‘ ‘
“Not on your life."
“Are you really going to
“Why not?” - .
“Most any chap with $6,000 at his back
want a better job than that."
“Well, I expect to get a better job as soon
I can work my way to it.”
“You're one in a thousand, Fred. ‘
“Oh, I don’t know. There are others, I guessa; L.
I don’t propose to let that $6,000 stand in 3'
way. Not if I know it. I look upon it simply as $_,"“:
lucky windfall that may come in handy some day.-
I’d be a fool if I lost my head over it at this



‘r.
. ..'-1
gr

I

 

   
 

“ii.
_ y


stick?" " 
. -we
.21-

393.3‘

  
 
    

II

‘Si
in my career . Why I’m only just starting out mifﬁ

life. I intend to make my own way ahead. The_'s'~1'

  
       
  
 

money can take care of itself.”
Evidently Fred had a level head—-one 1
prime factors of success.

   
    
        
 
 



 

  

CHAPTER XI.——‘l'he First Step Upwani.’ L 
Three months passed away and Fred 
steadily ﬁnd faithtullyati his dutiesgofwiper

   
 

  

i A START

» 1

general assistant in the roundhouse. During that
time he visited Dover regularly every Sunday.
He always made it a point to drop in at the
rear of the store and pass a few minutes either
3, . withﬂr. 'Grice or his ‘housekeeper, with whom he
-- '. was a great favorite. The balance of the time
- he divided between Sam and Kittie, and other
friends in the village. Mr. Grice always welcomed
him with a peculiar sardonic Krln, which Fred
:. could not interpret.
 The storekeeper had received full particulars
from the Universal Trust Company in New York
' ‘ about the provisions of Captain Benjamin Sand’s
will,-and it turned out just as he had hoped,
that in default of the discovery of his son within
.'_a certain time, provided no reasonable prospect
2 ‘existed that the boy ever would be found, he,
 Peter‘Grice was to succeed to’the property of
i§‘.f._  half-brother. Mr. Grice had the date marked
I down in red ink in his private memorandum book,
 he was now counting the days that inter-
Jvened-before he could legally put in his claim
for the bonds. The only thing that bothered
( ' was that Jack Bamstable might possibly
:4 up again in the village before the time
_ expired, and learn the true state of affairs. The
“ ‘chances however were against such a thing hap-
' itching, so that Mr. Grice had now contracted the
 habit of rubbing his skinny hands together and
: .m'entally congratulating himself on his promised
' I  luck. ‘
 ‘ One morning while Fred _was helping _another
'  wiper turn the table to receive a locomotive that
‘was about to run out of the roiindhouse, a yard
dnérgineer came up and touched him on the shoul-

 
   

   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
     
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
   
    
  
   

‘You're Fred Stone. aren't you ?” he said.
“Yes, sir,‘ replied the boy.

' “I want to use You." _

1 . “All right. I'm at Your service.”

' - “Come with me.’

Fred followed the engineer over to engine 32,
used for switching purpose. which was ready
if.‘ to go out of the roundhouse.

/ “Jump into the cab.” ~_ _

» Fred, wondering what the grimy looking man
wanted him to do. swuhj: himself up the iron
steps. 'I'he engineer followed him. After—look-
R at the gauge. and_noting that everything was

rig 1:. the man said irruiflw

‘Ring.’ . _

Fred ,looked at him in astonishment.

 “I don't quite understand " he beta!!-
"Don’t understand. eh ‘."’ growled the engineer.
‘Didn't vou hear what I said? I_told you-to
g’ the bell. I've inst got the signal to run

g that such good luck was his at last.

‘ ‘"01 course you are—Brackett’s order. Ring!”
'Fred mechanically pulled the bell rope. the en-

‘ opened her up a bit and let off the brake.

No. 32 ran out on the table, and was switch-

track.
“Keep the about where it is now.” said
engineer.ntb‘e‘ie'eby iiitimating that his new
 -was to keep steam up to a certain notch
shown by the ban that shivered on the_ dial.
Allritdlt. sir.'_rep' Fred. with a thrill of

'_  ' “Am I to ﬁre for you?’ asked Fred. hardly

_ " .
IN LIFE _13

on an engine, but it was the first time he had
been called upon to ﬁre one. Small wonder if he '
felt nervous and excited at his new experience.
Besides he knew that he was on trial. and that
if _he failed to acquit himself to advantage it
might be a long time before he got another
chance of the same kind. He and Sam had sev-
eral times ridden on the freight locomotive be-
tween the ﬂag crossing near Dover and Prescott.
when returning to their lodgings of a Sunday
night. and Fred had carefully watched how the
ﬁreman in the cab supplied the furnace with coaL
There was a peculiar knack in ﬂinging the con-
tents of the shovel so that the coal would be
well scattered and evenly distributed upon the

‘glowing bed in the bowels of the engine.

Fred imitated that method with so much suc-
cess that the engineer had no fault to ﬁnd with
him, for the ﬁnger on the dial remained iiea.r
the point he wanted. Up and down- the yard
the engine went. pushing and hauling cars about,
and moving them from one track to another.
At irregular intervals they had moments of
leisure. when the engineer lit his pipe and waited
for his signal, while Fred had nothing to do.
but cast a glance now and again at the gauge
to see that the steam did not drop. '

When noontime came Fred and the engineer
ate their meal in the cab. Then it was for the
ﬁrst time that the man grew friendly. He com-
plimented Fred on his work and asked him how
long he had been employed in the yard.

“Three months. sir.”

“There are men yonder,” chucking his thumb
toward the roundhouse. “who have been wiping
for a year and they haven't caught on to a
chance to ﬁre yet. Are you one of Brackett's
favorites?”

“Not that I'm aware of, sir.” replied the boy.
“l’ve always heard that Mr. Brackett played no
favorites.”

“I guess you’re right about that. He's pretty
square with the men. You must be uncommonly
smart to get a lift in three months."

“I always try to do my duty, sir."

“If you always do it as well as you have this’
morning—yoiir first spell at ﬁring at that-
there’s not likely to be any kick coming your
way." ,

“I haven’t been hauled over the coals for any-
thing so far." -

“Say. your name seems familiar to me." said
the engineer. after a short silence. “Seems to
me I've seen or heard it somewhere before."

“I'm well known in Dover village. Maybe you
know some of my friends there. Or perhaps
you've been talking to Sam Hawley. who ﬁres
regularly on 41.”

“No,” replied the man. shaking his head. “Oh,
I remember now. I saw a name almost iduitical
with yours in the papers some months ago. Who-
ever the boy was, he saved the afternoon express
from going into the river. Remember the cir-
cumstance?”

bzl ought to. for I am the boy you are talking
a ut.”

“You are the boy 2' eiaeulated the engineer.
with a look of ' t on his features.

“That's right. » I‘ saved the express on. that
occasion.’

“Well. upon my word. I never would have

 

   
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
    
 
    
    
  
  
  
   
  
  
  

i4_'7°

¥

dreamed that. You must havelkept the alfair
mighty quiet. for I haven't heard your name men-
tioned in the yard in connection with it. If the
boys knew anything about it they would have
clrcula the news as sure as you're alive. Does
Brackett know about it?" ,

“Yes, sir.’ .

“What did the company do for you?"

“Oh. the company treated me white."

“It's a wonder you didn't strike the Division
Superintendent for a better job than wipe_r. That's
about the worst position in railway service."

“I commenced at the bottom so as to work

myself up through the regular channels to en-
' ginai-.” ‘

‘Without trying to use any pull?”

“Yes, sir." ‘ _
“I should think you might get 9. regular Job

to fire if you asked for it."
“I might. I prefer not to ask.
- ability to pull me through.”

* “Well. I'll give you a good send-off to the
foreman." _

‘Thank you." _

“Your ambition is to become an engineer. eh ?"

“Yes, sir.” .
you remain on 32 I'll give you all
‘ the points I can."

“I’m much obliged to you.”

“Don’t mention it.” .

The engineer looked at the clock in the_cab.
' , put up his pipe. and said it wanted a minute
or two of one o’clock. During the afternoon
A - Fred was Dermitted to take the throttle on several

’ occasions. He soon got the hang of the engine.
and the stage fright-which attacked him when
he,ﬁrst touched the throttle and let the steam
wihe cy' ders. gradually more of. and he

d soon s nd the machine ahead, or reverse
her. or put on the brake. without getting mixed
' up. The engineer watched him closely. told him
_ how everything should be done. and gave him

—- a lot of excellent advice. The afternoon passed
swiftly and plnsantly to Fred. who was de-
' lighted with his new Job. temporary though he
believed it was. Finally the engineer ran the lo-
comotive into the roundhouse and told the bo.V
. to draw the ﬁre and attend to such duties as
 tewto the ﬁreman's lot.

i When Fred ﬁnally left the rou_ndhouse he.felt
that he had not only acquitted himself ‘all right.

/but had acquired a whole lot of experience.

I want my

; ‘,_.cnA1='mn XII.-—Averti1ig a Disaster.

 rningl Fred told to continue. on
No.1 .;i.=I°et;as glad 1:; ‘dz: so. axgbwérkai In 3
qaygeni are ay. 0 . e en-
i,- ooiitiuigzclfto cfach htiiivn in mtilzgitr :3:
i handing o a oconio s. so
  came the bay feliiéieecgiadoa t2]l.Jee!'¥)llé
animate owledge on e sii . ii o-
glgpiig ‘as his 'gnment t 2 was continued.
‘ f,regs;;.lar ﬁgisnlian was iftill on the sick ‘list.
 t eleven o’clock 32 hauled a dozen box
to ‘a point ovD9s_ito
p. awaiting
Fred got

    
  
   
 
 
  

  

 

A START IN LIFE. " ‘ T i —

‘up communication with the‘sender.

. ..fore»Yo'uj..

 

at the door of the operator's little oﬂice at the s
end of the long shed. The operator had just ‘
stepped outside and was talking to a man half-
way_down the platform. -
Click! Click-click! At the table in front of
the window overlooking the tracks. the tele-
graphic instrument began to talk. Click! Click-
click! That was the call oi the little oﬂice, and ,' "
to Fred’s educated ears—for this was a branch
of railroad service with which he was quite
familiar—it sounded unusually sharp and in-
sistent. He‘shouted to the operator. but that in-
dividua1’s back was. toward him and he paid no '
attention to the summons. Click! Click~click!v
Over and over again the call kept ringing out. -_;
Fred. judging the message to be an important I "
one decided to take it itself. He dropped into‘ 
the operator's chair. seized a pad and then opened
Then 
message came rippling out. in spasmodic jerks.
as if the operator at the other end was inn
state of great excitement.
“Urgent——from D. G.-—'-15," it began.
Fred jotted the‘ words down. though he did
not know any more than the man in the moon
what place D. G.—16 was. Then followed the N
message and it was a startler. . '
“Shed on fire. Two cars of dynamite and one '
of powder in immediate danger. Bound to go "T35
up unless engine is sent without delay to haul -.:,
them out. Express. due in 16 minutes. will 
blocked unless explosion is averted." 
At that moment the operator darkened 
door. He stared in astonishment at the 
grimed_ ﬁgure in overalls and jumper seated 
fore his table writing on the pad. . y 
“What the dickens——-” he began. . V‘
Fred looked up and recognized him. . ., 
“Read!” he said. shoving the pad into the ‘as-:‘ D?
tonished operator’s hands. _ 5 
“D. G.——15. That's Berkeley. What's this?”
he cried. as his eyes glanced over the message. . ‘
“Shed on ﬁre. Two cars dynamite and one ‘of
powder——" - _
“It just came over the wire.” Dalpitated 
his eyes shining with excitement and w ' 
what the ‘operator was going to do about it. :. _._
The man sprang into the chair inst ‘
by Fred. He called up “D. G. -15” and 
the message conﬁrmed. Then he‘ iunioed for-
the door. and looked around.  .
“Hey-‘—-you!” he shouted to Fred. ‘U 
your engine from those box cars. Where’: y . 
bott?” ’”
The engineer was. not in the cab where die a
boy had last seen him smoking and leaning out '
of the window. , ' ‘ >-
“Don’t know where he is. sir.’ replied Find;
hastening to uncouple from the six freight can.
The job was ﬁnished in half a minute. III!
operator looked around in a" stew. . .
“Confound the man! Where can he have gone!
Just when he is wanted and not a moinait ye» ,l

‘.

  

  

 

    
  

      
    
    
  

  
   
 
 
 
   

be lost. Can you run an engine?"
sudg_en1y.Jo,oking at the young ﬁreman. _‘
“ es. 11-. f ._

“Well.sI can». wait for Abbott. Get into.  *
cab. chase yourself down. to  3

 

 

    
  
 

   
  
 
   
 

good ten inileavfrom
iv les'i...Y@hdU clear
cars 0,¢XD:g;?1Smg“ﬂux°t £9; mun

= *2

 

ou-

 

 A START

0

‘Yes, sir.”

Fred was in the cab with his hand on the
throttle when he uttered those words. He gave
her steam by degrees until he had her hooked

\ up to the last notch and No. 32 going down
the road at a 70-mile clip. Then. after a glance
ahead. he threw open the furnace door and began
tossing in fuel like mad. pausing every moment
or. two to glance out of the window to see that
the track’ ahead was clear. The engine and

V tender swung from side to side. like a dredger

. in a gale of wind. and Fred with diﬁiculty kept

‘ himelf steady enough on his feet to ﬂirt the coal
into the furnace. the door of which he kept open

' .- for increased draught. It was a matter of shovel-
ling coal continuously all the way to Berkeley.

I with a very delicate. not to say perilous job

ahead when he reached his destination. The driv-
ers of 32 were ﬂashing up and down in the sun-
light so fast that they resembled nothing so
much as spokes of ﬁre.

v*“‘ A crossing was reached and passed. and Fred

3.’ shivered as he thought what would have been

the result if a team had been met there as the

._ ‘locomotive ﬂashed bv unannounced by whistle or

~ bell. He let oﬂ a shrill and prolonged whistle

‘ as he approached the line of woods beyond which

lay Berkeley station. The clock indicated nine

; minutes from the Prescott yards. He would do

5*. the ten miles in the allotted ten minutes all right,

-‘ for his destination was_ now scarcely half a mile

away. Whiz! The locomotive and ‘tender ﬂew
through the wood‘ with another wild and un-

p ,. earthly shriek that awoke the sylvan eachoes and

f""1rightened the birds. The burning shed burst

‘ into full view a moment later. Half a dozen

 ‘ ears were drawn up close to the platform and

 the ﬂames were perilously near them. In fact

.4 the last two cars were actually on fire. A switch

-~-’ tender was standing _at the switch holding the

 open so that the expected engine could

" run right in on the’ side track without loss of

 Fred shut oﬂ’ steam and gradually applied

the brakes.

Just then the ﬁre obtained fresh headway and
a draught of wind blew a sheet of ﬂame directly
'- ‘across’ the front of the ﬁre car. It set aﬁre a
large white paper sign. readable 150 feet away,
that was tacked against the end of the car. The
big letters read “Danger!—-Powder!” Fred saw
the blazing paper and the words thereon as the
ire consumed them. He also saw that the roof
of the car was smoking from the heat cast by
the blazing shed. It was going to be a inighty
close call to save those cars ﬁlled with ex-

ives. If he failed to do it that would be

- the last of him and the station. which the agent

‘ and his assistants were working with desperate

to save by passing a string of water

, ets. Fred. however.”was built of the stuﬁ

eat of which heroes are made. ‘

The horrible peril he had to face did mt deter
an instant in the execution of his duty- He
ran the locomotive right down to the powder
the blisteu-ed and blackened edge of

a small section of the danger sign

?.:

ﬂ’

 
 
 
 

 

   
    
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
  

~

‘A man eras needed to couple the engine to the
ear. but ‘Lhough_ Fred called for one not a single
ployee responded. for as_soon as the ﬂames

A: been seen to shoot athwart the powder cai-
[agent and his helpers had quickly abandoned

IN LIFE 15

 efforts to save the station and ﬂed the
vicinity for their lives.

The boy’s eiforts to save the cars was there-
fore rendered twice as diﬂicult and perilous,
because he had to lose many valuable seconds
trying to couple by himself. He drove the loco-
motive slowly till he had gauged the distance
85 0108813’ as he could from his seat in the cab.
Then he Stopped. descended to the ground. and
ran to the pilot. He lifted the heavy coupling
bar and found that it lacked several inches of
Teachlng the coupling socket of the freight car.
Fortunately he saw a piece of wood lying on the
ground close by. With this he was able to Drop
the bar up on a dead line with the coupling socket
of the box car. He climbed back into the cab and
laying his hand on’ the trottle opened up just
enough to drive the bar home. Then he sprang
out. and along the footboard. leaned over the pilot
and dropped the coupling pin into its place.

“Hitched!” palpitated Fred. ‘.‘Now to draw out
to safety."

But his peril at that moment was at the acute
stage. The powder car might blow up at any
moment. and the detonation would probably set
oﬂ’ the dynamite cars. too. The explosion would
make a clean sweep of everything in the imme-
diate locality. down to the very rails and mad-
bed. The express. ‘too. was almost due to pass
that point. though it was probably it would be,
or had already been. ﬂagged at the signal tower
six miles beyond. Fred ﬂed back to the cab for
the last time. his face blistered by the heat
wafted_ about the locomotive and the cars full of
explosive freight from the blazing sheds. He
shoved the reverse lever from the center clear
forward. Then he grasped the throttle. gave it a
pull. and as the steam hissed into the cylinders.
the driving wheels spun around with a rush that
carried the engine and cars backward like an
arrow shot from a bow. _,

It was hardly a moment before the powder
and dynamite cars were beyond the reach of
the heat and ﬂame. and speeding toward the
open switch. The rush of air. however. fanned
the smoldering woodwork on the end of the
powder car into little spurts of ﬂame. Fred
saw_ them as he shut off steam and brought the
‘engine to a rest within a few feet of the switch".
which the tender closed so as to render the main
track all right for the express to pass. The boy
rushed back along the footboard and beat out
the ﬁre with his hat. at the same time calling
to the switch tender to bring a couple of buckets
of water. The water was hurriedly brought.
and the last speck of danger removed. Then Fred.
for the first time in many minutes. drew a free
breath. His heroic work was successfully accom-
plished——he had saved thousands of dollars
worth of the company's proper and prevented I
tie-up of the road at that point.

CHAPTER XIIl.—The New Engineer.

As soon as the agent saw that all danger from»

an explosion was over, he telegraphed to Signal
,'l‘ower 14 that the track was clear for the ex-
press. In a few minutes that train came thun-
dering along. only a triﬂe behind time. and passed
the burning freight sheds with a rush and roar.

 

      
  
   
  
   
 
   
  
   
  
    
    
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
    
  
  
   
 
 
   
 
  
  
   
  
     
   

the car windows alive with curious faces intent
on catching a ﬂeeting glimpse of the fire.

explosives near the switch, and lent \a hand to
help subdue the ﬂames near the station itself.
“The ﬁre. after destroying the freight shed. bum-
ed itself out without extendingto the passenger
station and platform. . ‘

Then Fred uncoupled from the box cars and
started back for Prescott at a slow gait. There
was a crowd around the operators little oﬁiee
when the boy backed 32 into the yard, and he
was given a rousing cheer, for the station agent
had forwarded a statement of his heroic conduct
under .the trying circumstances.
a bit foolish. was on hand. waiting to rejoin
his engine.

“You’ve'done a big thing for yourself. Stone.”
he said. when he swung himself up into the cab.
“The agent-at Berkeley wired that not a man
living could have done the job better. _I’m up
against it for being away from the engine. It
will be a ten-day lay oﬁ, and so much less pay
at the end of the month. I'll bet your days as a
wiper are over. and that you'll get a steady job
at. ﬁring.”

* Of course the boy's thrilling exploit was known
from one end of the yard to the other by_the_time
he got back, and while he was eating his dinner
in the cab a score of men. who had never spoken
to him before, came up and congratulated him
on. his plucky behavior.

: 

morning to take a regular job as fireman. while
i .the engineer was laid oﬁ for a week for being
absent from ‘his post of duty. On the f0ll0WlXlE'
morning Fred came to the roundhouse at an
early hour. for he knew it was his duty to have
his engine ready when the engineer appeared.
He soon discovered that he was not to go on a
yard engine. but had been slated for.a regular
run on a freight. He was set to zetting engine
No. 18 ready. This locomotive was to haul the
freight train. which had come in during the early
morning hours from Galena. around and over the
mvmtaii range to Harrison Junction. the other
termial point of the Round Top road. ,

As soon as Fred received his orders he _climbed
into’ the engine and went to work making her
ready. The road was a bit shv on capable En-
‘ A rs and a new man had been employed the
day before. He was ordered to take 13 out. and
in due time appeared at the roundhouse. climbed
*~‘. into the cab wit,hout__ taking particular notice of
Fred. and began to put on his overalls and
jumper. Fred noticed that he wore a heavy black
board that concealed three-quarters of his
7/ features. He also heard the foreman address him
‘ . as Blackwell. Fred paid very little attention to
., 1,5,, but kept about his work. and had the loco-
“\ motive ready when Blackwell received his signal
\,‘}~',.t‘0 pull out of the train shed.

.’ ' It’ ' as not till- they were coupled on and ready
- ‘togstart that the engineer gave his ﬁreman more
than a casual glance. Now as they_ sat on on-
posite seats in the cab. Fred's hand in readiness

“‘ “ rope. Blackwell cast a keen
He gave a visible start as his
lad's clear,-cut face. and a
iihprocation chine through his teeth.

" I

  
  
 
 

V _ \
- .-

   

ZTA’ S'l‘AJil’l: IN i l 

Abbott. looking ’

ed was told that night to come the néxt

M sonic‘  he did not seem

 

pleased with his companion. After that hefeyod

. Fred . the boy furtively until the signal came to pull
left the locomotive still coupled to .the cars of’ out of the yard. The man was so noncommuni-

cative_an¢ taciturn that Fred ma e no eﬁort to
enter into any conversation with ‘in. He pulled
the bell rope steadily as the long train of loaded
box’ and ﬂat cars wound their way through the
entrance of the yard, and started on their long
trip toward the foothills and their destination
beyond the mountain range. At length they
struck the open country outside of Prescott. and”
Blackwell ran the speed up to ﬁfteen miles an
hour. They were ﬁve or six miles beyond the
town, or abouthalf-way to Berkeley. the scene _
of _Fred’s exploit of the day before. when the ,
engineer first addressed his companion.

“What's your name?” he ‘asked shortly.
“Fred Stone." .

“Humph! Mine is Joe Blackwell.” X .
Ordinarily Fred would have expressed th
pleasure he felt at making the engineer's ac»

quaintance, but something about his man repelled
him. and he merely nodded. '_ ‘
“Fired long?" asked Blackwell. after a pause.‘
“No.” replied the boy. “This is my ﬁrse regu-
lar trip.” I
“ “First. eh?” snorted the engineer. "sardonically.W
It may be your last if you don't keep her hot‘ i ,
and I lose time on your account." 
“I.’ll see that 37011 Ret all the steam you want.’ “
replied Fred quietly. rather resenting the man’:
aggressive manner. - ‘
“See that you do, or I’ll report you to tho .. ~
master mechanic."
Fred made no reply. but after a glance at the.
gauge he got busy with the shovel and kept
it on a steady swing while Blackwell sat on his .
seat and scowled at him. For a while everything f ‘ .
went all right. and Fred had moments of~reat€-.7
when he had nothing to do but look out of they ‘
window at the passing landscape. Ten mil 9,:
beyond Berkeley they struck the gentle rise »=;"
along the foothills. and then a change came over‘
the situation. Fred noticed with some surprise
that he couldn’t keep the steam gauge at the
required ﬁgure. Though he did his utmost
the shovel the ﬁnger on the dial would show IL. ,5
continual tendency to drop oil‘ a little. This ‘

 

was truly a discouraging outlook for his first: T:

day on the road. It was a. reflection on his ability.“

to fire properly. 
The perspiration rolled of his face as he swung ~

§’.

his shovel with more than usual vigor. yet in
spite of every effort the dropping ﬁnger on tlio‘ '
gauge stared back taiitahzingly at him. Sud;
denly he observed a triumphantly wicked grin on
the engineer's bearded countenance. There was 
a world of stkggestion in that look. and all at
once it struck he boy that Blackwell was in song
way responsible for his failure to maintain 3,;
decent head.-of steam. Across his mind ﬂashed
many of the stories related to him by Sam Har-
ley. of the various tricks resorted to by engin
to down a ﬁreman against whom" they held ;.5,;,
grudge. ~ 
“I'll bet this fellow is a wonder.” -mutteroil;
the boy. “Well. he's not going to do me up itjl. _.

 

     
 
  

    
  
 
 
   
     
  
    
 

  

can help it." A ,.
“I thought you knew how to ﬁre.” laﬂthf ;
Blackwell. wickedly-A ' y '

     
 

  
     
  
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
     
  
   
   
   
   
     
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
 
   
  
  
   
    
      
         

1

' "Jf‘,'Ol1, I can c all 'ght. I've proved that in
.  ‘n R ed ' ' - u
 thenyai-d." sneei-ed the. engineer. The

, tr-gable with you -is you’re lazy. see? Why don't
get a move on. then_ p'raps you'll be able
_ to'keeD the gauge about nght.”_ _
L :‘1‘his was adding Insult to i_nJur.V. for Fred
Ad been working like a Trojan for _the last
 thirty minutes. and he showed it by his heated
’ and verspiring face. i _ -
A “It's my opinion you're wasting steam as fast
as I ’make it. -{You're not cutting oil’ when you

ll

3

  5%

“ haps you think you could_ run this engine
.- hater?” said Blackwell. sarcastically.

“I know one thing.” retorted Fred. _.who had
ba using his eyes during the last minutes. “I
" wouldn't keep her hooked up to the notch on the
Jquadrant that you have her hitched to. _
A ‘Oh, you wouldn't?" grinned the new engi-

Qlhlo, I wouldn't. You're doing that on_ purpose
‘ to make it ,all the harder for me. feblled Fred.
. yiﬂi some spirit. __ _

g ‘_ ‘€Who’s runnin’ this engine?
-"said Blackwell. anzrglm - I
. ago‘;-re trying to. answered Fred. calm Y. ’
“Well, confound your_imnu_denc9. _If I glen t
do you up before we finish. this trip. It W011 13 be

for the want of _trYm'.” ,, _ _
."‘I’m much obliged to you for YOU!‘ klfld _ln'€9“'
 but before you go aI}Y_furthe1' I g like {:0
know why you ve taken a dislike to me rom t e
start‘! Iam not aware that I have done”anY-
 to warrant you ge_tting down on me. _

-* ‘I've got my reasons. rephed the man in a
aﬁtly tone.
—,z'f‘1t,’s very funny, as I never saw you before
‘ ‘ling "I: no manner of difference whether
3 K n ' 1' d when
you dhd’o_l' not. I dont like your see. 
‘daft like a chaps face I always do im up.

1 .
‘ I ’ think 11 ceed." .
 :33? dalfell. we’lly$‘e."  the en-

my,“ can report me if you choose; but I'll
- ' to . too."
:7“-‘s'€vi.'.“:'“$?1‘1"’§:'ou ha???-.0 say? Do you sgpose
' '11 t t .
man’ you my gay wi amoun o a rass

“§l3on"t be too conﬁdent about that. Mr. Black-
. You mizht be tripped un- ~
 aﬂhlh You make me sick!” snorted the en-
ﬁe thrust his head ‘out of the window to take
' it look ahead. d was looking straight at
 3; me time. and a singular thing happened.
wind lﬁted one while side of his black heard
his cheek. showed conclusively that the hair

You or me 1”’

F  that mean?” thought the boy. star-
lixedly at the. disguised enlrmeﬁh

  

charms xIv.—'r1..' Fight in the Cab.

' ’ are you lookin’ at?" demanded Black-
a peowl. when he dl‘GW'lll_hls» head.

ﬁI’_hll'ﬁ1l0l!lI!1'B eyes nxotbin a peculiar

Al A;STA_RT IN LIFE

\wrist and pr

"rr

“I was looking‘ at that heard you're wearing." .
replied Fred, quietly. “It doesn"t seem to ﬁt 
very well. " “ , 

“What's that ‘."' roared Blackwell. with some-. --
thing almost like an oath.

“I was wondering what reason you have for
wearing false whiskers."

“False whiskers, vou young fool!" cried the ‘ -
engineer, glaring at him furiously. »

Fred did not answer. but resumed the shoveling
of coal into the furnace. Blackwell. after a swift
glance ahead. jumped oﬂ’ his seat and grabbing .9‘
Fred shook his fist in his face. ~ 

“You sneaking spy. I've a great mind to toss
you into the furnace with the coal!" he cried
hoarsely. his eyes snapping like those of an
angry beast.

“What's the matter with you?" demanded Fred.
“Are you crazy?"

Blackwell's reply was a blow in the face that
sent the boy staggering up against the side of
the cab. The engineer seized the shovel that .
had fallen from Fred's hand and raised it. as v
though it was his intention to brain the lad
before he could recover. Swift as a wink Fred
dodged and then buttcd the man in the pit of his
stomach. He fell against his seat. and his false
beard becoming dislodged dropped to the floor
of the cab. revealing to the astonished boy the
features of Gibson—one of the men who had
been concerned in the attempted wrecking of die
afternoon express three months before.

The, man sprang to his feet With/I how! of ;~
rage. Realizing that his identity was exposed. 
he jumped on Fred and tried to hear him to “ 
the ﬂoor. but the boy partially eluded his grip -;
and struck him a swift hook in the jaw, which ‘ V.
brought blood. Then the two grappled and stag- l :4
gered around the cab while the engine went on , 
its way untended. dragging a long line of cars
behind, and passing a crossing without the remix 
lation warning of whistle and bell. There was 37,‘;
no small; danger that the two would fall through ’ 
the opening between the cab and the tender. and
be dashed to death alongside the road. .-

Gibson’s intention was to try and overcome his
young fireman and throw him out of the cab. .
for now that Fred had identiﬁed him the prison
yawned before him. unless ~he could effectually
silence the boy. Fred. however, was a tough
proposition for any ordinary man to tackle. and
Gibson soon found he was making little headway
in the battle for the supremacy. He changed
his tactics then. Releasing his grip somewhat.’
and falling back on his seat. hesuddenly grab-
bed a good-sized monkey wrench that lay on it ~
self at his elbow and tried to smash in the
boy's head with it. Fred seized his upraised.-.
V ted the blow from falling. Thus
they stood for a moment facing each other-the
ﬁre of determination in the lad’s eyes. the Irlarc
of hate in Gibson's. _ -

“I’ll kill you!” gritted the new engineer, inal- ~
evolently. _

“I don't think you will,” retorted Fred, with
heaving breast. _ . ~

Then the desperate struggle was renewed, with
greater fury on Gibson’s part. It was largely as
question of brute strength in that narrow place,
with honors in that respect 9. even. Neither
seemed able to obtain the slightestedvantage

s \ . .. l

 

 

 

 

      
   
 

1.

 s

  
 
   
    
   
  
  
  
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
  
   
 
   
   
  
   
 
   
   
 
   
 
  

 .13.

- the other until Fred step on a piece of coal,
which slid under his t , and down he went on
the iron ﬂoor with Gibson on top. The wrench
flew out of the engineer’s hand and reach. The
shock partially stunned the boy, and as his grip
on the engineer relaxed, Gibson uttered a howl of
triumph, and began pushing the young ﬁreman
head ﬁrst out of the entrance to the cab. Fred
recovered his wits in time to realize what the man
was doing and struggle against it: A desperate
life. and death ﬁght on his part ensued. The
speed of the train was growing less and less,
owing to the steady decrease of steam, and without
the furnace was speedily replenished the train ere
long was bound to come to a standstill, for it was
a heavy one to haul. The boy tried to squirm out
from underneath his adversary, but Gibson had
. his knee planted ﬁrmly on his chest, and was
,trying to get a good cutch on the lad’s throat.
Fred grabbed both his wrists in an effort to
defeat his enemy’s object. The man, however, was
’ determined to down the boy, for, his identity hav-
ing been penetrated, he knew it was all up with
him if the young ﬁreman escaped him. It meant
also the defeat of whatever object he had in seek-
ing employment on Round Top road.

Drat ye!" he gritted, glowering down upon
Fred. “Don’t think you are goin’ to get away
. from me. You know who I am, and that knowl-
p edge means death to you."

7 With a sudden move he succeeded _in clutching
A the boy around the throat, and Fred began to gasp

, (oz-“breath. '

" -. , “Now I've got you where I want you!” exclaimed

_’ Gibson, with ﬁendish satisfaction. “I'll fix you!’

a He raised the boy's head and pounded it against
the iron ﬂooring of the cab. was powerless
[ to save himself from the rage of ‘that desperate

 His senses left him, and his head dro

ped back like that of a dead person. Gibson he d
=him a moment longer to be sure that he was not
shamming, then he pushed the young ﬁreman out
of the cab. It happened that the locomotive just
at that time was crossing a culvert which spanned
a narrow but deeo'stream. Fred's body fell with
a splash-into the water _and was borne away.
Gibson sprang to his feet, wiped the perspiration
from his face, and gazed wildly from the window
,for a. moment or two. He was shivering as with
the , for now that he was beginning to realize
that he was guilty of a murder the enormity of
.the‘ crime began to take hold of him.
- "‘Ifurderl" he muttered, hoarsely. “No, no; it
‘axis’ a fair fight, and I got the best of him, that's

 ;"His eyes resting on the steam gauge. he saw
how low the pressure was. and. throving open the
"furnace door, he started to shovel coal in like a
 man. Then he jumped into his seat and made

.which produced immediate results for the- better.
_;* The train began to pull out faster. Presently
"he returned to the operation of shoveling more
coal into the furnace. Flo -zltemated .111 this way
gggwegn his duties as engneer and those of ﬁre-
 -nntil he made out ‘ rhe near distance the
.station'at. which he hai instructions to pick up
:3, eﬁﬂiile of loaded box cars that were waitin

'  ‘on the siding. He let 08 the whistle, an

' ' to consider whatreason he could hatch

lwhen he was more than half smothered’ in the
.certain changes in the running of the engine.

‘obstacles ncrved Fred to a great eﬂ’ort toreaﬁ

A START IN” LIFE .-

up -to explain the absence‘ of his ﬁreman. He took
care, however, to pick up his false beard and
restore it to his face. Coming to a stop alongside
the station platform, he jumped down and signal-
ed to the conductor who was advancing from the
caboose. To him he reported that he had lost his
young ﬁreman at the culvert three miles back.

“He ‘stepped out on the footboard with the oil
can in his hand,” said Gibson, glibly, “and that’!
the last I saw of him. I wasn't payin’ any atten- -
tion to his movements at the time. When I saw he
was stayin’ out there an uncommonly long time, I
stepped around to his side of the cab to see what
he was about. Then I was astonished to see no
signs of him anywhere. I can’t account for it
ugless he lost his balance somehow and tumbled
o .” v '

The conductor of course had to accept his state
ment of the matter, for there was no reason for
him to suspect the engineer of not telling the
exact truth. He reported the facts to the station
agent for transmission by wire to the master
mechanic's oﬁice. and then ordered one of the
brakemen to fire for Gibson till they reached their
destination at Harrison Junction. '*

CHAPTER XV.-—L0stiAmong the Mountains.

The sudden emersion in cold water brought
Fred to his senses. Without actually real' '
what had happened to him, he instinctively
out for his life. The stream was a swift mountain
one, and the boy was borne rapidly away upon its
surface as the train disappeared in the distance.

Suddenly he was plunged into impenetrable
darkness. The course of the stream led right
through the mountain range. Fred was carried
along like a chip, and the best he could do was to
try and keep his head above the water. He could ._
not tell at what moment he might be dashed  3
against a rock or a stony ledge in the gloom which _' ‘_
surrounded him. Having recovered all his wits. 6 - ‘q
and realised that Gibson had thrown him out 01- L.
the cab while he was momentarily unconscious, he . "
decided that the only course before him was to
let himself ﬂoat with the stream, hoping that he
might soon come out in the light of day again.

The rush of the seething water was now con-
tinally in his ears, and he could hear it splashing ,
against the rocky sides of t‘~ underground pa.s- '
sage. Had Fred not b’ .1 unusually good *
swimmer, and capable r ping himself aﬂoat‘
for an indefinite time, ..-n under such disad- '3
vantageous circumstances, this trip through the b
bowels of the mountain range must have speedily _
ended in his death. As it was, there were times

*5.

 

 .‘t,-. ; .

spume that was dashed into his face. It seemed .
to him as if hours passed while he was making. .~
that terrible undergroundtrip, though in reality _ 3.
less than twenty minutes ela sed from the time, 
he began it until he was vo ted far into a deep _ ’

rge, where gnce more he caught the light of‘ . -A

ay. .

Here the stream ,bounded over rocks and other
barriers that converted it into a foaming ’
The prospect of being dashed against one ofthell .,

  

 

  
 
   
  
 

_- .r§.£~'.'" 15.; 2:... .;-_’lt"- \.‘'‘¥.-;,. 1« V: I - ,1. 1

 L‘. .

E
z.
3;

 

V».

#9’

{‘
~.
‘o
s

 

fl’ ,
E.
‘?
'2'

K

3,
-

,0

 

~ s.
E‘
.;.

7??
Is.

in
9/-.

~ ’ ‘what it is.

  
  
 
  
 

A START

the bank. -He struck out with all his might and
ﬁnall succeeded in catching hold of an overhang-
’ tree limb. With the help of this he

lpdluglled himself in safety to the bank and waded
Wt. ;

“Gracious!” he breathed, as he seated himself
' on a rock to recover his strength. “This has been
' a ﬁerce morning’s adventure. That scoundrel,

1' ‘ Gibwn, all but laid me out. and the mountain

stream nearly completed what he did_ not finish.
That fellow can have no good purpose in getting a
ob on the Round Top road. I don't believe he
had any idea that I was connected with the road
untilherecognizedmeashisﬁremaninthecab.
There is some other reason to account for his
presence on the road. I
Well, he won’t last any longer than
I can get a chance to wire the president of the
line. He'll see the inside of a jail before he's
twenty-four hours older, I'll bet a hat. The next
' is to ﬁnd out where I am at. Somewhere in
mud Top range, of course. But where?
How far from the railway? And in which direc-
tion shall I turn in order to ﬁnd my way back
to the line with -the_least delay possible? That's
the important question.”

After some consideration Fred decided to follow
the gorge in ‘a direction opposite to the course of
the stream. So after resting himself sufficiently

, he started to make his way through the labyrinth
of rocks, brushwood and other obstructions, which
made anything like rapid progress through the
gorge an impossibility. It was a wild, lonely and

ii ioilaome journey that was before him. The

"brown. bush-covered sides of the mountains rose
on ‘either hand, their ridges seeming to pierce the
very sky far above. In places he had to climb the
obstacles’ that lay scattered in his path in order
to surmount them. It was slow work penetrating

fastnesses of the Round Top range, in some
of which the railroad company was excavat-

a tunnel to shorten their line to Harrison

After spending several hours in this

‘ abotvlf,
e

\

got out of this unfrequctited region. Perhaps I
sider myself lucky if I'm not lost in these

~ I wilds, 11; will be pretty tough it night overtakes
 _ ms before I can get out of this maze."

‘Yes, that would certainly be tough luck, and as
after hour away, and the boy_seemed
‘no nearer the en of his monotonous and tiresome
jourue , it began to look as if his worst fears
were ahout to be realized. There was nothing for
to do but keep on and trust to luck. He was

' was ruminating in no very happy frame of
mind, he suddenly conscious of the ap-
)roach of human voices. _

.\

’d give something to know _

IN LIFE
Two men stepped out of the cave and paused
close by. ‘

“Well,” remarked one of them, in tones that
sounded familiar to Fred. “is everything ready?"

“Yes,” replied his companion. “I have planted
the dynamite where it will do the most good. All
that remains is to touch of the fuse——-it’s a ﬁfteen
minute one—and work on that tunnel will be
brought to a stop for many a day to come."

The speaker struck a match to light a pipe he
held between his lips, and,‘ as the light ﬂared up,
Fred, to his great surprise, recognized the features
of Morgan and Mr. Squires.

T

CHAPTER XVI.—Conclusion.

“Good,” remarked Mr. Squires, with a chuckle
of satisfaction. “Then you’d better set a match
to the fuse at once and we’ll dust out of this
without further delay.”

“All right. That suits me. Just wait a mo-
ment till I light this lantern."

Fred drew back into the bushes, fearful that
the light might betra his presence.

“So,” he thought, “t ese two rascals have found
another way to get back at the Round Top tun-
nel and thus delay that difficult piece of engi-
neering. I wonder if I can't prevent this scheme‘!
It is a pretty serious matter butting single-handed
against those two chaps, but I mean to do what
I can to save the company loss. I consider that
in the line of my duty. There they go back into
the cave. I’ll just follow them."

Fred forgot all about his tired feet and empty
-stomach in the excitement of the moment. Keep-
ing at a respectable distance behind the two men,
he followed the lantern light as a guide to their
movements. They proceeded for some distance
into the heart of the mountain, and then all at
once the light disappeared.

“My gracious! Where have they gone?" the
boy asked himself, dismayed at ﬁnding himself
alone in total darkness. At the imminent risk of
discovery, he ran forward as fast as he could un-
til he butted squarely into the face of what ap-
peared to be a rocky wall. He hurriedly felt
around in front, only to ﬁnd the solid rock bar-
ring his way.

“There must be an openin somewhere,” he
said, anxiously, “else-how caul those chaps have
vanished right before _my eyes?"

He remembered
pocket. He struck one, and as it ﬂared up be

He remembered he had some waterproof
watches in his pocket. He struck me. and as it
ﬂared up he saw a narrow slit in the back wall of
the cavern.

“That's where they passed through,” he cried
eagerly, making for it. It took him but a. moment
to worm his way through the narrow break, and
then found himself in the tunnel that the railroad
company was excavating through Round Top
mountain. He sank quickly down on his hands
'and knees, for scarcely a. dozen feet away stood
Mr. S uires and Morgan with the lantern on the
grou between them. As he watched them he
saw_ Morgan bend down, open the lantern slide
take out the bit of candle, and hold it down near
the ground. Presently there was ‘a slight flash,

19'

he had some matches in his .

 
 

     
   
  
    
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
     
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
    
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
    
   
  
  
  
  
 

and something began to sputter in the dark,
throwing out myriads of tiny Sharks. _
‘‘That’s the fuse." palvitated Fred, watching the
bright spot with a fascinated gaze. “It connects
. with the dynamite somewhere in the depths of
the tunnel. There’ll- be a terrible explosion pres-
‘ , ently unless something can be done to prevent it.’
, As Fred whispered those words to himself Mor-
gan picked up the lantern and. replaced the candle
in it. Then the two men hurried awaptoward the
mouth of the tunnel. Fred hardly waited for them
to get a safe distance“ away before he made a
dash for the spark that glow_ed and crawled
away into the gloom. Reaching, it he put his he_el
down on it hard and’ ground the life out of it.
_ When it lay harmless on _the ground at his feet.
he breathed a sigh of-satisfaction and relief. .
“Now to make my way out of this_. A_s_I am
-now in the tunnel that ought to be plain sailing in
spite of the darkness." _
He was right in his surmise. He had no difficul-
ty in following the course of the tunnel. and in
ten minutes was in the open air’ _with the lights
“ of the workmen’s shanties shining before his
eyes. He made his way to the oﬂice of the as-
sistant superintendent of construction, who had
. charge of.the work, and told him about the at-
tempt which had just been made, and which he
, hadvfrustrated, to destroy the work _of construc-
' .tion n the tunnel. Fred also explained who he
was (i how he had come to be in that locality.
‘ Food was soon placed before ‘him, which he de-
voured with the zest of a starving boy, and when
- he had satisﬁed his appetite he led the olﬁcial and
his assistant direct to the spotwhere the now
harmless fuse lay. An investigation disclosed the
charges of dynamite so disposed in. crevices of
the rock that their combined explosion must have
. iqrou lit the greatest havoc in the tunnel, and not
' only ave delayed the work a long _time, but have
caused the’ company a large pecuniary loss. The

graphed the particulars to the oilices of the com-

pan at Galena, and asked that a couple of de-

tacthes be sent out at once. At Fred's suggestion

‘ healso telegraphed to Harrison Junction an order
forthe arrest of the disguised Gibson,.nia erad-

» ing under the name of Engineer Blackwel . The

boy then started to wall: to the nearest station.

‘three miles away. where a passenger local would

stop at ten o'clock. -A mile away he _struck the

, pountry road just as a wagon, driven by a

._ weather-beaten man, came along.

_ "I say.” said Fred. “do younmind giving me a

.1}1‘t as far as the cross- _? . _

f*_ -“Sum up, my beau y," said the‘ voice of Jack

"5; V _ lo, and Fred umped_ up ago:-dingtlly.

.-.».=;'* “I see you’re a traveling tinkei-,_ sa_id e boy,

"chewing the nature of the material in the body

Aofvithc wagon. «  _ _ ‘

' - _ “I was, my lad, but I've given it up for good.”

1tdidn't y, eh?” -_ -

_ t,,isn't‘t at. I,only_followed the business, you

=béO..ﬁQ1Qadmy ,ex'penses’ while I was huntin’ for

'ary'dea.. ,_ro pns son.

hat’s his name?" asked Fred, curiously.

 
   
   
    
       
   
   
      
  

 
 

.  g5,c,,1,_¢gdfonr "hero ' in surprise.

 
   

r

 

assistant superintendent, of construction tele-

-'¥!!Its name,”—.r_splicd Batnstable solemnly,‘ “is

s START m LIFE

’er’s son out of his fortune‘.

.‘.

“W'here do you live?”

'5I’m living now at Prescott, that is, since I went
to work for the railroad company, but until three
months ago I always lived in Dover village.”

“Dover village?”

“Yes. With Mr.

“What. You've been living with Peter Grice?’

“I have, ever since he took charge of me when
my mother died twelve years ago.” . ‘

“Why, I was in Dover three months ago, and
‘stopped at Peter Grice’s store. He said he never
heard of such a boy as Fred Stone." , _

Jack Barnstable lit a match and held it before
Fred_'s face.

“Why, you’re the very picture of my dear old»
cap’n. Hurrah! Found at last!”

Explanations that followed demonstrated the-

 

Peter Grice, the postmaster.’

fact to both of them that Peter Grice was a rascal 

at heart, and was conspiring to do his half—broth-
Fred also learned
that his real name was &nds and not 'Stone. The
boy didn’t take the train for Prescott that night,

but rode.back all the way to Dover in Barnstable’a ‘

wagon. They arrived about midnight, and put up

‘at the village inn. Next morning they presented

I

 srasm

. romoted to a passenger train. _
e reached the goal of his. ambition, that of aI- .=‘ ‘
gineer. On his twenty-first birthday he married 

themselves at the store, to the great surprise and
confusion of the postmaster, who, when taxed with
his treachery, threw up his hands and confessed

his guilt. Fredhastened to get leave from the ' ‘
railroad company, so that he could go to New York ,

and claim his father's bonds. He had no diﬂ-
culty whatever in getting it, and accompanied the
sailor to New York, where he proved his idea ' 0
and the Trust Company was appointed his

ian in law. He insisted that Jack Barnstahla
should receive the sum of $10,000, as a recognitim
of his loyalty and trouble in hunting for and
ﬁnaliy ﬁnding his “dear old cab’ri's son.” '

When Fred returned to Prescott he found that
Mr. Squires, Gibson and Morgan had been
tured and-were in the Galena jail. They were
sequently tried, and, on Fred’: evidence, sent ﬂu
the State prison for a long term. Fred himself
was -highly complimented for saving the tunnd

mi

3

1

from destruction, and was presented by the con-‘  ,

pany with another $5,000 check in recognitiu
thereof. The fact that he had earned
his luck, and was heir to $90,000 more, w ,
wo d come to him when he reached his majority.)
did not give him a swelled head at all. He con-
tinued to be the same old F_‘red. He. continued fora
a year as ﬁreman on »a freight and was then,’

Kittie Clyde, and presented her with the deed to“
the ﬁne home they were to occupy in Prescott.
The company could not aﬁ'ord to keep such

$11,000 _ 

Six months later‘. '

u"
o.

. 4

 

bright young man even in charge of their mounv ' ’ '

tain express long. He was made superintendent
of the Round Top Division, and proved himself}
fully capable of discharging the duties of that,

responsible position. But to-day he is still higher. «"3
.,for he is general manager of the road, but is 

too proud to acknowledge that as common wiper-
he received his ‘,‘Start in Life.’ . ‘ . 1»

Next weelﬂs issue will contain " UT FOR
MILLION .;"or,'  YOUNG HIDA OF W

 

s

-u

  

  
  
  

  

— TOY BALLOON'S FLIGHT _
A gas—ﬁlled toy balloon made an extraordinary
* light when, relmsed in a contest from Keswick,
_Cumberland, England, it was mailed back from
.Konigsberg, Germany, a distance of about 1,000

 

YOUTH WALKS 188 MILES
Fired with the idea I f becoming a newspaper
man after reading artic‘;es by a famous editor in
ular monthly, Olaf Larson, nineteen-year-’

  
 
  
   
    

C., to Elizabeth City, N. C., a distance of 188

miles, to obtain a position as reporter on a local
newspaper. He got the job. i

 

 

LARGE COU-GAR IS KILLED
‘ A-mountain cougar measuring six feet four
5 ‘ inches from tip ‘to tip was shot by Jim Brady
E“ in a ham on the farm of Mrs. Dora Rayburn at
-Tlmigrant Springs, eightmiles east of Wasco,
 The cougar appeared to be exhausted from
lack of food;
Eyyurt to sleep.

It crawled into some straw and

Er. Brady obtained a shotgun and ﬁred while

—» 14 feet away from the cougar. The cougar's

BOYS, READ THIS!

I Listen-in on.your radio to the stories being broadcast by WJZ from\ I

“MYSTERY MAGAZINE”

Then you‘ will hear what dandy tories we are issuing in that publication. They must be
good or the Radio Corporation of ~America would not put them on their programs. If you
like the story sent out‘over they air‘, why don’t you get a copy of the magazine, read the
one that was broadcast and all the rest in the publication? _ S

Here is what No. 164 contains:

 Exciting Detgctiye Novelette
‘THE TALKING DOG"
By Frank Blighton

 

. A New Two-‘Part Serial

' -ran onosrs or AL_WYN LODGE"
By Jean Ross

 readings of your handwriting in the

‘ department ‘
. “WHAT HANDWRITING REVEALS"

Besides‘ all these splendid stories, the magazine contains a large num-
- ber of interesting items.

1 ' "i FAME AND Forums WEEKLY
 * e _ CURRENT. NEWS

1
~01 orwegian boy, walked from Burlington, N. ‘

._ ". .- 3.’.

body was exhibited in Wasco. It is planned to
have the skin mounted. *

HONEYMOON COUPLES NOW FLY TO
ZURICH

Switzerland ianow within seven hours of .‘.on-
don by air, following the establishment of a reg-
ular service which spans the 600~mile journey in
three hops between breakfast and dinner.
ready the trip has become popular with honey-
moon couples who, not satisﬁed with the thrill of
the marriage ceremony, take the newest way of
escapin from their friends. .

The ndon-Zurich schedule calls for an early
wedding. Planes leave Croydon airdome at 10.15
A. M., and alight at Le Bourget, the Paris air
station, at 12.45 P. M. for luncheon. Ascending

again at 2.15 P. M., they are due at Basel, Swit— Q
’zerland, at 5.30, where a halt is made for tea.

,'%‘he_j1:)urney is completed in time for dinner at
uric .
Flying men say that the women are much bet-
ter passengers than men and are more eager for .
the trip. .
It is planned to extend the line from Zurich
to Rome, making a through air route from Lon-
don of 1,000 miles. _ _

‘THE SWTNGING SHADOW”

By Hamilton Craigie ‘
(This is the story broadcast by WJZ)

“LIFE IN DEAD ASHES”

By Joe Burke
“THE CIGARETTE BUTT"

Six Rousing Defective and Croolc Stories:iV\

By J. Kleier v ,-=

ocsﬂonsrv
. By I-‘rederick.Davis
“THREE FOR SEATTLE”
By Earl W. Scott
“EASY MONEY”
By Daniel Edgar Kramer ‘

 

 

Al- «V "‘

   

 

 

I

  

Rob and the Reporters

__Or'.._.

' Hustling for War News by Wireless

 

By GASTON GARNE

7....

(A Serial story.) V
CHAPTER XIII.—(Conti.nued).

 

“There's a poor fellow here wounded. I heard '

him holler for help. I’ve just found him. C,ome
and lend me a hand/to get him to the tower-
Rob hurried to the light to ﬁnd Brown bend-
ing over a young man who wore the uniform of
a “He has jus€ef?s.inted,”_ said the reporter. “Take
hold, Rob. We'll take him to the tower,” . x
“I heard him holler and you answer. What
was be saying?” x
“He was calling for help." .
“Did you ﬁnd out anything about him before

. he fainted?” '

“Only that he is a Ca tain Stein’meyer, and
that he was shot in the_le t shoulder. ’

“All right. I'll take his feet.‘ Go ahead-

As they advanced with their burden Rob re-

. marked that Thompson and his companions had

not come. \. .
“No, worst luck!" replied Brown. “I'm scared

(L stiﬂ about them.”

“If they don’t turn up in the morning what

then?”

“Blest if I know what to do. We can't hold the
fort here without grub. After all the trouble and
expense we have been at 1'4") install this plant It
would be a shame to abandon it, but I suppose we

.. shall have to.”

They reached the tower and laid the German

on a mattress. _ . . _
“Are you sure it is only a faint?” questioned

A. Rob, holding the lantern close to his face. “He
_ _—don’t seem to breathe.” ‘

“B Jove, »that’s whatl" cried Brown, bending
over ' . and seizing his h ‘
In vain he tried to ﬁnd the poor fellow’s pulse.

“Pm afraid he’s aigoner," he «presently re-

d‘ . marked.’

 

And so it proved.
They had been carrying a corpse.
Assured‘ that he was actually dead, Brown

ll _- went through his pockets, ﬁnding a small sum of
money, a silver watch and a few other things.

“I suppose we may as well  these," he said.

lllwiilii °“"d° liitilailwiz hlifnki of h A
'“o n sai ,wo i ng isown
*eoncea1ed°dispatches, had been feeling the man's

coat with care, “there are papers sewed into the

‘Iiningofhis coat. Wewanttoﬁndout whatthat
means"

".With Brown's help tlie,coat was removed and
Rob ripped up the lining, ﬁnding several plans
and a  papers closely written in Ger-

,_,r*Ai1E AND FORTUNE WEEKLY‘ .

 

_ .

“Can you read German writing?” he asked the
reporter.

“Sure,” replied Brown.
I’ll study these things.
ance, for all we can tell.
your wor .”

The documents proved to be of the highest im-
portance to the allies’ cause. .

“The man, in spite of his German name, was
a French spy,” Brown announced.
ments contain all kinds of valuable information.
They ought to be in the hads of the allies at the
present moment.” And he _went on to explain
their nature to Rob.

The night passed.

Rob received and dispatched a. number of im-
portant radiograms, but with the coming of day

“Let's go uptairs and
They may be of import-
You can go on with

Jack Thompson and his brother reporters were

still among the missing.

CHAPTER XIV.

Up Among the Clouds.

“Now, then, Rob, it is necessary for us come

. to some decision,” remarked Brown after sunrise. ’
“If I could deliver these papers to General Taylor 

it might lead to me being allowed to remain with

his corps in the interest of the Times, which :5

would be great, but as the discovery is yours I
don't want to rob you of it. A fair shake for me
every time.” '

“It’s as much yours as mine." replied Rob. ‘I
couldn’t ever have guessed at the importance of
the papers."

"It fairly belon s to us both. Now I’ll tell ya:
what let's do.

don't return, we will get on the move and
a strike for the British lines.”

Rob agreed. - ,

That he would have any trouble in securing an
interview with General Taylor he could not be-
lieve, but he said nothing about his own dis-
patches, thinking that the wisest way.

So once more Rob helped to do grave  1

dutv and_the unfortunate soy was laid sway.‘
uch important wireless business was
during the day.

Rob got Bayville three times and was able to, ’

send several important messages, based on news
he picked "up.-

Thompson’s party not returning in the late aft-
ernoon, he and Brown again dismantled the plant.
packing the apparatus in the boxes in which it

ad been brought over from Ghent.

They were just preparing to depart when a
small aeroplane was seen hovering over the for-

est.

“Thst will be either French or English,” do-
clared Rob.

“It’s a Wright.
Brown.. “By Jove, I wish she
and take us aboard.”

’dcome

The aeroplane dropped lower, hovering direel-r. 7

ly over the tower.
“See that fellow piping 3 off through a glass}

said Rob.
* (To be continued.) *

e'Il bury that poor fellow 
put in the day here. If by nightfall the has 
m ..

“These doeu- ~

V”,

Probably English,” 
down here ~

   

 

 

  

 1. .v -5 .1 J-

‘— .-.\-'-

 

V-0 _ i  AND? FORTUNE WEEK_l.Y , 
coo-D‘ READING. e ' 

  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
 
  

. . LIGHTNINC KILLS MAN SHAVING FINDS s4,o‘oo HERMIT BURIED IN ms
' .3 . I *W. S. Smith of Tacoma. Wash.. was killed an-l ‘ SHACK . 
Irwin Doresus of Milwaukee and Lewis Aver- After phoenus Warner. and eizhtyusixv a m_ 7%‘.

"di&.of San Francisco were burned severely when 1 .
lhrhtninir struck the school house in which they’ 333:3." ‘atl:>eut50fi::remifl‘ersmf near 1-‘Fmzﬁlé Garrett , 
had taken refute from a tornado ﬁfteen miles died in his ding‘, one ’°"}“ ):'°‘?. "5 Md-v

out of Cedar Rapids. Iowa. Smith» was shaving Cdvin Paul to whom h’°;’“f‘t 1.” ' *5 “°"h°W- V
-run likhtninz hit the chimney and struck his the s,,,ck' ‘gin, the zoo; ﬁmbef ;’o';’*;§’*~V.- meg ._
3”’-' - v °“ N8 D“l‘0Del'tY. a short distance away. plallv: rim- -"5:

- ed the debris.
SANDSTORM KILLS «1-l‘OPPERs"V A few days 320 Levi Gai-lit. a fa,-me, Q“ n gs.‘
‘ 9 A 0 ' I ’-.

M '4.

 

Overtaken by a severe sandstorm in Eastern in tho

Waahinzton. Alvina Kronin drive to the side of ‘ufnains ';f"":h:h€va';:e9‘1¥sh°"‘3:‘“”°{_'! the °h"."°“
_ road. and let her blow._ says a_ report from in: 3 stock thmuth the°d’n".“ed “ghee ‘:i‘§5I“'h‘.3k'

1. Wash. After the wind subsided he clea_n- ‘ Stone. which uncovered a wag f 1'5 13 Odkml
at! out a quart of dead Krasshonpers _alonz with hc1f_bumed_ He Md “moved ¢t>h wiper money. _.
aa_nd lodged in the auto. The drifting sand the hermitis money cache The bin? 9-Vsgsne to. ‘ F
picked up the “hoppers.” the sharp crystals 31 to $100 and we haul‘ sum. as ;‘e’:3§ uffgg .

 
    
      
   
   
  
  
       
 
 
   
       
   
  
   
    
       
     
    
   
     
   
 
   
 
     

 

liverinz their heads. be estimated. was $4,000. Part of the burned
I ‘ ATTU FOLK FACING Fhmiim ’";’_“°~" ‘"5 ’°d°°m°d It a bank at Meyersdale. _

Failure of wild geese to nest on the Island . . ~

d Attu. most wester_ly*point ‘of the Aleutian Tn°‘X:rn:1l'1dh3gteSalh(iis nothinz about the hidden
Archipelago. and the impossibility of_ the cutter the hy' “R ‘rt, d93§h 0111)’ 37 was found-in‘
3ear reachimr that isolated place this summer. b . d°“5°-h :3 ‘V93 think there may be goid
‘leaves the few natives with famine at their doors. hunt‘: ;’1“.t e “?’m' f°".3 W°m‘"1' 3 former sweet-
Severe windstoi-ms and unseasonable weather ea ' f‘"“5 ‘me’ d19°13Y€d 201d to her about
turned the usual large ﬂocks of "migrating geese eleven -""5 3'°- '3
(roan Attu. Natives who usually cache young _ Wilmer _was fountfjdyinz on a bed of straw .2
sweets and eggs for winter are without this meat "1 his ¢8b1_n- Inﬁrmity and under-nourishment
' 3:. Unless a Government ship arrives before héfstened his .end- He was separated from his
Winter sets in the islanders must subsist on fish. ° ‘"59 many Years 320. \ A '

‘u

 

   

PLANE FOUND. IS BELIEF

 

‘- A party of bear hunter-s“back f‘ in the A! k . ‘ a ’ .
‘ feninsula report having passed amnative vilﬁzg ~ ‘Myuety M‘3331n€” 1 . .;
here they saw two tents made of material iden- Senﬁ-Monthly 15 cents a Copy  .

*1ieal with that used in the manufacture of planes . .

ur aviation machines. 1: is believed Indians have 12'} “,“’.‘,‘%‘.‘.§’s-';‘,’(‘,$,.";,',‘, DROEEER» M G. P. wn-on .
- KR“-‘M M‘ I’.'i_igen¢-_Jonea. ' 

the Seattle. the plane of 153 THE MYSTERY or ROARHNG \\ ATERI. by . '

  
    

   

Frederick Martin ébandoned between Se1- 3“? 4‘“*‘—|'- I
V 1°’ Beﬁn Sea 159 THE ii'ivi=:n PIRATES. in Hamilton Cralgh
and It - mo 'l‘[rIE SHADOW or A NOOSFI. by .1.“ 3...,dr_,,_

  

‘- Trappers returning to the wilderness will ma_ke mi A 2 A. .\r.. by Beulah pa;-um-_
investigation and send _baclg word by radio.   TNTRJGPI-‘-R8. hr Grover Kiawen,
us far this is the first intimation the wreck had ‘'7 L°C" ‘ND KB“ “Y H=“'"'°II Crnirle

THE TALKING DOG

  

 

- ‘QOADS INADEQUATE IN NATIONAL PARKS By I-‘RANK BLIGIITON
 last Congress appropriated $7.500.000 for 0.. 1-..." 1., ,\-,_ m
ﬂnnﬁ,buildinz in the nineteen national _pa!’i-is and
“twenty national monuments during the next three HARRY E. WOLF F’. Publisher, 13¢.

..exE§:§:d1gg,§;§,8§0ai:sb‘:ii<i‘in:et‘::i}o:§ii_ “G “'°“ 23‘ SW‘ ' N»? You cn.~. f
i V ,to the national parks. but the roads within T 

v ‘par; borders have been inadequate, _ . . _ '. ’ ‘i . 
 rig 1914 about 10,900 automobiles regis- “Moving Picture Stories” .-
‘ ‘ 5" the 9‘““‘3~ ‘W1 1" 1923 ‘b°“t 300300‘ ' A wean: aiuum Devoted to rhotolllare and nuns

7 ad ‘ ' to ark "and monument: last
  snuﬂ3 },§oo,ooo visitors. \“Fed- PRICE TEN CENTS PER QOBY

  

    
  
 
  
     
    
 
     

   
    
  
  
   
   
 

 
    
 

    

appropriations in aid of Sta_tes and for forest ivzncii number contains Three Stories .. 9., 3... ‘.3, A "37
e ; since 191°. wont to W-°°°~°°° W *:'.;:':.;?.2i:°"’i'.’.'.:'.::‘.'.f.:':;*';:'.:.‘**='"" 'i°°~ ‘W-"3
Int Defwd 0111! 31-443v5°° “'35 °"P°“d°‘1 iriius~n»ni‘gs of Actors and i.'€'}';'.'?;'. ineoiiig :9.-"giii‘.'

"the
-~ roads. while the Goveui:imen!tnhasus’qol- and Lessons in Scenario wrmag. _
-‘Volt 8 01110 08 ng ’ . i_: ..
.whiea‘é§5§387 was collected dur- “A337 5- WOLF’: 9353515“. Inc. '
  .— ..«. 106West23d.Streot_  .:NOI_‘*Y0{B"QY.~

  

1

    

  

  

HYDROMETER I§lNdBOT'tl‘eLE h _t _S
Th bestplac tokeepa y roiue rW 6111 1

not bfein used :5 in an old milk bottle. The lat-
ter sho d have two _or three inches of water In
it to absorb any acid drops remaining on the
rubber tube. '

.RADIOPHON_ES IMPROVE HEARING

Use of radiophones for the past two years, on
an average of from four to five hours a day, has
improved the hearing of John Palmer, a resident
of the National Soldiers’ Home, in Maine, accord-
in to a recent letter to WGY. Even now Mr-
Pﬁiner cannot h a church service except by
means of radio, he said. ‘

WHENCE THE SOU_ND _ _
The grid condenser makes possible a variation

 
  
 
   
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
 
   
   
  

signal. The plate current is varied_accordingly,
and this variation in late current is what pro:
duces audible sound. en_ the who operates so
that _.‘an increase in the grid potential increases
the plate current more than a decrease in the
grid potential decreases the .plate current, the
tube rectiiies or acts as a detector.

ABOUT POTEI~l’l‘ION_[E'I'ERS_

One disadvantage of a potentiometer is that as
it is usually used. a device through which the_
power in the A battery_.niay be slowly used.
When the potentiometer is used this is not ob-
jectionable——in fact that drain is essential to the
proper operation of the device. When it is not
in use, however. there is no reason why it shoiﬂd
help to deplete the A battery. The unusual
remedy is an A battery switch. .

When the contact arm is moved to 0110 end 01'
the reaister el ent it runs of! on an insulated
portion. At the same time the arm operated a
~‘§imp}e ' connecting the contact arm with
A the other end of the resistance element. The re-
sult is to out both the B and A battery from the
,.e3i,u.,r, The. A battery _cani_iot_drain and the
tubes are rotected from possibility of burn-out
from the battery. The_ device is verynsturdlly
built, the body he’ bakelite.Bkm11'19d ob with
pointer operating e contact arm. A black dial
with silvered markings adds to the appearance
of the device.

PROTECTING TI_IE FILAMENTS

. Here is an ingenious idea for protectin§*vac-
uiim tube ﬁlaments against the full strlen lzaof
“B” battery current_tbrough acci enta con c

or misplaced connections. All that is necessary
is to secure a 110—vote 15 to 50 watt tungsten a-
meiit bulb  socket, and connect same_in the
‘ B-battery lead. In series. of course. Ordinarily‘.
nu, Bibattery energ, ﬂows through the tungs_ en
ﬁlament of the bu without the latter showitrlilg
33, .131); of such‘ The msistance (if 8
ﬂament is insuﬁcientto choke th hlfh vo tage.
b current consum tion of the late cir-
aiat. i ewever, if or any reason the -battery
 be diverted into the A-battery

-.

current.

in the grid voltage as produced by the incoming ‘

 

‘functions in their respective wa .

‘FAME ANl) FORTUNE WEEKLY .

INTERESTING RADIO NEW'S AND HINTS

leads, then the high resistance of the bulb im4
mediately serve to choke oil’ the excessive B-
tery current to the extent of protecting the vac-
uum tube ﬁlaments. A carbon lamp does not
seem to give as good results as the tungsten

The lamp lights only where there is a short
cuit or improperly connected B-battery lead,
whereupon it should be unscrewed in its socket to
break the current, and a search made for the
cause of trouble. I

SPACE RADIO VS. WIRED RADIO.

It might be well here to state that wired radio
does not look upon itself as a competitor of space
or orthordox radio. No method has yet appeared
of puttino space radio on a paid basis. The space
broadcaster renders a free service to his unknown
patrons, and cannot afford to buy high-grade tal-
ent for programs. Wired radio, on the other
hand, is taking the form of a paid service sup-
nlied _ on a rental basis to regular subscri'ber§.
Seemingly, there is mom for both types of radio
to grow side by side’, performing their diﬂerut
Because the
wired radio plan, fundamen , provides for
paid musicians, paid artists, paid lecturers, and
so on, it ina
grams will far superior to those sent trail
from the space broadcasting stations. We do not
overlook the fact. however. that many interestin
programs will always be available to space bros;
casting stations on a gratis basis. To the person
who owns a vacuum tube space set, equipped with

be expected that wired radio pro-S

loud-speaker,- the wired radio organization caa_ ,‘
otter a wired radio tuning unit to be connected‘ ‘

to the space radio receiving set. Thus, by throw-
ing a switch, that person can intercept programs
transmitted over the lighting wires of tgrogranis
sent through the air. Furthermore, e wired
radio broadcasting station is certain to intercept
the best features of space radio and rebroadcast
them to its Wired radio subscribers.

IMPROVING THE NEUTRODYNE,
While admitting the numerous advantages of
the neutrod e, especially as a basic circuit, it is
fair to consider what can still be done to this cir-

cuit to make it still better in the future. And ' "

no one is better qualiﬁed to pass an opinion on

this question than Professor Hazeltine hims_elf._

the designer of the neutrodyne circuit, who writes 2. '-

in part as follows: “Probably almost every one
who has operated a neutrodyne receiver has no-
ticed that the three tuning dials read nearly alike

for each wave length setting and has had the 

idea that these three adjustments might better 
be made simultaneously by gearing the dials to- »
the rotors of the ‘

gether, or, better, by mounti
three tuning condensers on t e same draft. If
this could be successfully accomplished. tun-
ing would be vastly simplified, and it w

have prevented this desirable in
past:

 

ould be’
impossible to pass through a station which 
broadcasting without hearing it. Two limitations: <

rrangemeut mt“: V-
First. the manufacturers of 

 

 
 
  

 have not succeeded in making. them absolutely
uniform; and, secondly, the users may ‘employ
antenna of various capacities, thus affecting the
tuning of the antenna circuit. If the manufac-
turers succeed in overcoming the ﬁi-st ditiiculty
and in adjusting the condensers to agree through-
out their scales, the second difficulty may be
overcome by making the antenna a part _of the
set. ‘This leads us to_ an arrangement which we
may imagine as the ideal neutrodyne of the fu-
ture—a receiver unit mounted with the batteries
near the top of a cabinet three or four feet high
and standing on the ﬂoor, the antenna consisting
of a vertical rod extending from the receiver unit
. to a metal shelf near the ﬂoor level. Such a set

would have.no external wiring whatsoever and

could be rolled freely around the floor to any de-
‘I sired position.”

A DIVER BROADCASTS
Thgifihrst mar‘; Ever t0J:ll'0&d¢'11IlStﬂfl'0ll:l1 tghe bot-
-tom e sea i it in y. o e is ners-in
on the program the Gimbel Brothers’ station,
- _WIP, he told all about the sunken ships he saw
3' ~ in Davy Jones’s locker. .
5 The broadcaster was C. 0. Johnson, a diver for
 the Philadel hia Derrick and Salvage Corpora-
tion. He taliied from the ﬂoor ofTtll1ie Atl1‘antic off
. P‘ , Atl t’ City’ . roug an ar-
it -traheugeuiensteelt rlrilich 5:: if telephone his voice was
"' carried to a boat anchored near by, and thence
to an ampliﬁerFon thﬁhpiter b_y tingab e, watergdrogyf
, and ﬂexible. rom _ a pain i was carri
telephone to the station here and broadcast.
At 3:11 P. M., after the annloutizcer saidhNe1p&
t t on t e program, is ners-in ea
auzwiiiidgngid swgshing  like wavtes beating
against a rock 5 ore. a noise, i was ex-
!a.i1;'ed rlalteig" came from the air currents in the
m . '
‘gens: beefore the_diver's voice was heard the WIP
 anmunoer explained that the microphone had
. been placed in the helmet of_ the diving outﬁt. _A
~ small boat then took the diver out a short dis-
4-, ‘tunes and he made his descent. The sea—bottom
 ~broad§as1*é lated about_ten minutes.
; voice:
§1t’m in ;°§§"§£r to_the bottom." _
It was aTh\Vl7Qak a:>ic;,i1bii_1t: tgoilgduany it grew
_ ‘ ' e e i 2
m“°ci§°;i leftf"]:aid the dliV;(er,t‘}“I sic lthtgnwrgck
iofaaol boat. Itlooks ie ese_e o_ a
' huge ﬁsh. In it a school of little ﬁsh is_playing.
'.l‘hhe rays of sin, {which look green at this depth,
ine on their ac s.
, The diver was ﬁftv feet below the surface.
. Then he made e_. great ﬁnd. "
 “The Atlantic City bootleggers haze been here.
- he chuckled. There was a pause. Oh, the dick-
ens, the corks are pulled.” _ .
N ﬁle griiged nae;-énirtid :36 second derelict nearby,
_- -an‘ at : ca 1 a ay.

\

fr-gnu’?-1'yrrnu1;rr:'r5vVrr*-.r'r~y'gr':‘ r%W 

2.
i.
B
E
E .
E:
E.
F

 

 

  
    

 

  
   
   
 
 
 

A NEW LOW LOSS TUNER

A 'To get great distances on your receiver elec-
‘* t, ‘cal losses in various circuits must be reduced
to a minimum. The selectivity of a set depends
__ lllnost entirely upon this factor. Manufacturers
have recently made an intensive study of this
 and it has resulted-in the production of
alame very elﬁcient couplers and condensers, as

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

25

the test losses have hitherto been found to
exist these parts.

The newest type couplers employ an untuned
primary in order to simplify tuning adjustments
and reduce the possibility of harmful receiver
radiation when the detector tube oscillates—that
is, when the tickler coupling is made too close.
It also makes secondary tuning practically inde-
pendent of antenna length within wide limits.
The coupling between the antenna and secondary
coils should by all means be variable, in order
that the receiver may function well on antennas
of diﬁerent resistances. A poorly constructed
variable condenser is another source of loss
when shunted across the secondary of a cou-
pler. It is absolutely necessary to place a tuner
and condenser properly in relation to the other
parts of a set. To get the greatest eﬁlcieney a
good low loss variable condenser must he used
with a good low loss tuner. There are »w sev-
eral ﬁrst-class condensers on the market, ih which
the losses are reduced wonderfully, such as the
Hammarlund and Cardwell. They have their
rotors grounded to their frames and have small
leakage through and across any solid dielectric
used. Among the newest tuners one of the mos
eﬁicient is an instrument from the Radio Engi-
neering Laboratories, handled by A. C. Lopez &
Co., 334 Fifth Avenue. New York City. It is
made in two sizes.—one for the amateur range of
45 to 225 meters with a single tap, and the other
for broadcast reception covering a wave length
range of 250 to 550 meters. Bot types contain
three coils mounted on an alumin frame which
can be secured to the panel with screws. The
primary in the smaller size is 2%-inch bakelite
tube wound with six turns of No. 14 D. C. C. wire.
The center coil, or secondary contains 21 turns
of No. 14 D. C. C. wire wound staggered into a
basket weave coil, and the tickler coil is wound
on the same size tube as the primary with 12
turns of No. 20 D. C.‘ C. wire. The broadcast
type is built the same way. with six turns of
No. 14 wire on the primary, 45 turns of No. 14
wire on the secondary and 30 turns of No. 20
wire on the tickler. The secondary coil, in both
types, is practically self-supporting and air is the
predominant insulation because of the method of

This tuner is generally used in conjunction with
a straight three-circuit regenerative set, using
one low loss variable condenser across the second-
ary to control the wave length. It can be cali-
brated. The tuner can be used with any size aerial,
the dial settings remaining almost the same with
long or short serials. With two Amatran trans-
formers and three U. V. 201A Radiotrons, the
volume is tremendous on a loud speaker, with no
distortion. Kansas City, Jeﬂerson City, Mo., and
Dallas, Texas, come into New York with remark-
able audibility. All Class B stations within a ra-
dius og 1,200 miles come in with plenty loud-
speaker volume.

This low loss tuner is one of the most eﬂicient
instruments on. the market, and experimenters
will make no mistake in trying it out. —

 

If you have a radio. listen ’ WJZ.
They are broadcasting stories 1’ “Mys.

tery Magazine.”

 

   
  
  
  
     
   
  
 
 
    
  
   
 
  
   
    
 
   
   
  
   
    
   
    
   
  
   
   
   
    
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
   

ﬁmmmdI%ﬂmn'We$k
NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 12, 1924

TERMS T0 SUBSCRIBERS

 

    

Single Copies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . “Postage Free 8 Cents
One Copy Three Months . " " 81.00
One Copy Six Months... , . " " 2.00
One Copy one Year ......... .. " " 4.00

Canada, $4.50; Foreign. $5.00.

HOW TO SEND n0Nl:Y——At our risk send P. 0.
319”! Order. Check or Registered Letter; remittance:
in any other way are at {our risk. We acce t Postage
Stem s the name as cas . When sending s lver wrap
the oln in a sveparate piece of paper to avoid cutting
the envelope. rite your name and address plainly.

HARRY E. WOLFF, Harry E. Wolﬂ, Pres.
Publisher, Inc., Charles E. Nylander, Sec.
166 W.‘23d St.. N. Y. IL 13'. wiixin. Treas.

—:—
:—

/FROMJULINHNTS

PLANE CARRIES HORSE

w—§
(-—_._.

has been shipped by airplane. The animal was
placed in a crate to be ﬂown from Paris to Ams-
terdam. It was found, however, that the crate
was too large to go in the aiqalane, so the floor
of the plane was reinforced an the horse carried
off into the skyqncrated.

WEIGHTIEST WORDS _
The most important ﬁfteen words in the English
, language, according to Prof. Carl _C. Brigham.
eminent Princeton psychologist. are in, and. that.
‘ a. the, to, with. be, of. as, all, at.~not. for. and‘
on. These ﬁfteen words. he says. comprise more
than 25 per cent. of all the words used in an
average modern book.

A LARGE EMPLOYER

Henry Ford is a very la employer of labor,
-havin 162,792 names on h s payrool. They do
not "a work in Detroit, however, as 121,214 are
employed in manufacturinz plants for the com-

‘ y at Detroit and elsewhere in the United
. galtes; 24,323 in the American branches, and 11,-
028 in foreign lands. In addition to those em-
ployed by the-Ford company—a total of‘156,_656-—
there are 2,525 men employed on Ford's D. T. &
,..I. railroad, 2,282 workers in Forei coal mines
" 720 men at work at the Henry For Trade Schoo
‘ and 700 empl ed at the Henry Ford Hospital at
Detroit, acco ‘ g to the latest available ﬁugres.

 

 

 D. S) FACES LUMBER FAMINE IN 50
. fun;  YEARS . h 1
-_’ sing scien c methods in managing e or-
 and importi enough lumber to allovg her
ex and, Germany has doubled
; hei-‘forest production 100 years.
’- 'fBut. according to the New York State College
ry at Syracuse Universit , a different
, istold of the United States, w ere the orig-0
forests have been reduced roin 6,200,000,000,-
‘ _, , board feet. The
only able toizrow about

FAME AND  WEEKLY

I For the ﬁrst time a valuable breeding horse _

yvez-"sen for ioftand iii:-for

and what we consume represents the least we
should be growing.

In twenty-ﬁve ears the
United States wil be, acco
150,000,000. On our present basis of timber ab-
sorption, we will need 76,000,000,000,000 board
feet per annum to meet the demand of the "year
1950. This will amount approximately to 50 per
cent. increase over the volume of timber we use
at present.

Statistics show the world's consumption of
timber is doubling every ﬁfty years. Even in

countries where wood is scarce consumption is in— ‘

creasing as the people learn new uses for w
and become aware.._of many uses already known
in other countries. ‘ -

The United States cannot grow trees in twen-
ty-five years to meet the demand. Our entire
supply of timber will have been cut and we will
face a timber famine of serious proportions, the
report shows, and adds that the sooner we adopt
new methods in managing our forests, the shorter
will be the period of wood poverty.

 

LAUGHS

“Johnny.” said his mother. “you have outgrown’
your shoes." .“What I'd like to hear you say,
mamma." replied Johnny. “is that I have out-
grown your‘ slippers.” \.

Little Elmer, upon seeing‘ his baby sister for
the ﬂrst time. was told that she had just arrived
from heaven. “Hurry up. baby." he said. ‘and
tell us all about Heaven. before you forget it.’

Sunday School Teacher—King Solomon said.
“There's nothing new under the sun." Bright
Boy—Well, perhaps ‘there wasn't in his day, but
now we have New Hampshire, New Jersey, New
Mexico, and New York.

Intending L0dzer—You say a music teacher
lives next door? That is not pleasant. Land.
lady——0h, that's won’t matter. He has twglvg
children. and they made such a noise you can’:
hear the piano. . ' I

_ Kind—hearted Maiden (fishing for a stray penny
in her nurse)—I suppose you Door blind peoplg
feel your misfortune keenly. Blind Mendicaiit-—
Yes, indeed. The Lord only knows how I miss

the pleasure of being‘ able to look into the bean-‘

tiful faces of the handsome and lovely ladies who
are kind enough to donate: Kind-heg;1;..1
Maiden (ﬁshing out a shilling)—-Here, poor fat.
low. take this. I’m sure you are deserving.

A well-known bishop. while visiting at a bridehl '

new home for the first time, was_awakened quja
early by the soft tones of a soprano voice sing-
in: fNearer. My God to Thee.” As the bishop
lay in bed he meditated upon the piety which
his young hostress ‘must possess to enable her
to begin her day's work in such a beautiful frame

of mind. At brealrfast‘he spoke to her about it. .‘ '1
‘Oh.’ 

and told her how pleased he was.
replied. ‘that's the hynui_I.boil the.e:rzs by: three

pulation of the .
' g to estimates:

-.-. A2.“

  
 

  
 
  
   
   
   
 
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
  
   
  
    
 

 Y
' I

/'

‘ NEVER MISSES SUNDAY sciiooi.
 Frances Aifleck of the Sunday school of
£he’Presbyterian Church in Winchester, Va., has
ram missed attending a session of the school in

' consecutive years. and has been presented
with service bars indicating her record, accord-
ing to an announcement.

’ SUGAR-SOAP FOR_ CLEANING
Unusual cleansing qualities and less damage
- fabrics are claimed for a soap largely made
of sugar. says Iovular Mechanics. The menu-
 asserts that the alkali. commonly m1)_Ked
th fatty oils and acids to obtain the lathering
 ‘on, is miurious. ~ '

 

, 3 quotes from the Bulletin of the French
A.‘ » tie Biologie some interesting facts about
shape and position of the eyes in animals,
 . ' g as to whether they hunt or are hunted.
the hunters, the eyes are-in the front of the
.. and close together; they are deep in their
- . and protected by dorsal ridges and by the
story muscles. Thus the binocular ﬁeld
vision of such animals is larger, while the pan-
‘ ﬂeld is limited. Hunters that lie in _wait
their prey have pupils vertically elli_ptical;
~ that chase their prey have round _pupils. In
' ls, the eyes are at the sides of the
and wide apart, with shallow orbits and no
. A from rid s or muscles, so that they
I v protrude. ence, their binocular ﬁeld is

 
 
    
   
  
  
     
 
  

é
S
9

I
"c

ﬁeld embraces almost the whole horizon.
. . -fastest runners, the pupil forms a horizon-
enipse which'assists in broadening the field
yugour poor runners have round pupils. The

1-, fat}: hunter and hunted, has frontally
eyes, but they protude and have crosswise

‘cal pupils.

    
   
 

 

: Y CASE OF 500 B. C. IS
-vANII"1(‘)UND IN TOMB: G , i b
' ' seen 0
¢nnk;h?;1::r?d:glﬁ:dans:ixtr1anani‘i:l"c‘lleological inltnei-3
have been uneirthed in the dead city of Oly-
. “en  y _Profeesor Semenow Zusser,

   

  
  
  
  

archeologist.
.. .. thearticlesfoundintlietoinbswasa
""7 linen hag containing a mirror and believed
‘ the orarunner of. the Presﬁnt-day Vﬂliti
. 5;. bag there also were a re stic
“die 1i and a‘ charcoal _penc11 for 6’ 97°-
. ‘ The was found in a woman's grave
1 hair and a number of silver
' beads and other jewelry‘.)f- ex

  
 
     
  
  

  

    
  

   

V8803, amu-
._ V ofeles of bnrgnsu and
an ‘ eictstate preserv n. , .
’  which have been_in progres-
“thin farhave y!eld6d‘»lllQ1‘°

~nrpauing antiquarian ni-

 
    
    

 AND ‘ FORTUNE WEEKLY
BRlEF BUT POINTED

small or .entirely lacking, but their pano- ’

 

Olyva, which means “merry,” was once a cen-
ter of Greek learning, culture and trade, and
ﬂourished about 500 B. C. Later it became known
gmoiig Russians as the “Pompeii of the Black

ca.’

Greek emigrants from Minor selected Olyva,
Herodotus records, because “it is free from ma-

_laria, and its air is pure and transparent as crys- I
tal.” From a thriving, prosperous port for the

rich goods of the East, it became in the course.of
centuries a pauper colony existing solely on the
revenue from occasional traders. Ori 'nally the
population of the city worshipped the reek gods,

in whose honor they erected temples. To-day ,
the city is a mass of ruins, and the tombs ex- , -oi
cav_ated by Semenov Zussr are the only witnesses /
to its past greatness.

BIRDS PICK ODD PLACES FOR NESTING‘

When a'bird has once found a situation for its
nest that it looks upon as ideal it will cling to it

for years, and the young which are reared in
thesecoften curious places will endeavor to ﬁnd
similar situations for their own nests when they
build for themselves, writes Oliver G. Pike in‘ the
London Daily Mail. -

On a portion of the Kentish coast the sea has
been receding for a at number of ears, and .. .
it has left behind a arge tract of pebbles many 
miles wide. When I ﬁrst visited this spot, about
20 years ago, we found a nest of the wheatear
underneath an old pan, which no doubt had been
washed up by the sea.

Two years ago I was bird watching there with
my wife, and she expressed a desire to see in ,~
wheatear’s nest. I just scanned the stones with . 
my ﬁeld glass, spotted a rusty pan about 100 

ards shed, and on goigg to it we were greeted
y three hungry youn heatears.

Many thousands 0 years ago an ancestor of
ours left an old pot lying on the ground outside
his camp. A pair of robins chose this as their
home. At the present time the descendants of -A .-
this intelligent pair of robins are to be found all :1
over thevcountry. and each year nests of this bird
are discovered in old tins and kettles which have
been left 1 'ng about. ’

In one o .the suburbs of London a pair of blue . -.
tits built their nest in a lamppost. I often I‘
watched them going in just under the glass.
Where the nest was it was impossible to ea but
probably they went right to the bottom an built j
their home level with the ground.

When the young birds were reared they escaped
from their curious home-—tliere were eight of
them in all. Six years later, nearly a dozen ,
lampposts in the locality were _O¢CIlpl6(l by blue
tits, showing that the {can which had lirst been _
reared in this remarka_ 1;}! ate. 8180 their Yoﬂnx. .
hadfoundittobeatiid home " "

A large ﬂower pot had

  
  
        
  
 
   
  
      
      
     
    
    
 

    

the side of our P8“!
ﬁx-omptl-y toolrposaessio
F. oignyeors 

e:ivhole‘taiuilyi"‘ ‘- .

  

 

  
 
 

l N 25  A '. i . ._ Fm: ANl}‘.FORTIINEi-~Wl‘ll‘3KLY~
INTEREST

ITEVMSIOF»

FISH FALL DEAD ON SHIP

A statement that several ﬂying ﬁsh were ca?‘
tured many miles from land Was 1'eP0_1't€d by
Captain Morgan of the British steamship lfork
Castle, which docked at the Girard Point Piers»
Philadelphia, recently from Belra, East Africa-
When the .vessel was in the Atlantic below the
equator, many miles from land, he said, a school

' of ﬁsh ﬂew over the vessel and many struck the

masts and were killed by the fall and gathered up
by the bushel. , 

The supply of salt meat was getting low on the
ship and the unlocked-for G_od-send of_ ﬁsh, which
were larger than this species found in northem—

latitudes, was enough to furnish meals for the

crew for several days. _ _
Two waterspouts, he said. ,.v.r atiine threatened

‘ destruction to thovessd when seventy miles

south of Cape Verde Is-*.r_lr‘s. Qne passed near
the bow of the vessel and was in sight several
hou s.

The York Castle brought a cargo of ore from
African mines, one of thedargest shipments of

t the kind ever landed in Philadelphia. The weather

throughout was fair, the skipper said.

 

WILHELM A FLOP ‘As DUCK SHOOTER
Former Emperor William of Germany was a

- crack shot on pheasants but was not so good

when he tried to shoot ducks. So writes Helmuth
von Gerlach, editor of Die Welt Am M ontag, who
is publishing his recollections of association with

 the deposed monarch. now in Holland.

Count Larisch once invited William to his Bo-

" heniian estate to shoot and as a surprise released

several hundred wild ducks, Herr von Gerlach
relates. The one-time German ruler shot scores‘
of times but failed to bring down any of the
ducks as he thought they would zigzag as peas-

- ants do instead ofﬂying in a straight line, a style ,

of ﬂight with which he was not familiar.
William was so enraged he left immediately

[I and never visited Count Larisch again, as he al-

ways insisted upon being the best shot in any
company and had to be hiimored on all occasions.

In one instance, the writes continues, when the
former emperor was visiting Prince Fuerstenberg
in the Black Forest his host arranged to place

. zwilliam at a vantage point where he could shoot

more rabbits than any one else in the party. Un-
fortunately it rained and the rabbits took a new

, course. A young nobleman who didn't know of

‘the ex-kaiser’s eccentricities killed over 200,
while William had but twenty-ﬁve to his credit.
«This fact caused him great consternation and
the Prince had to discharge his chief forester to
apmxse William-’s anger. , -
». inton, in East Prussia, was the former

4’ :n3.eror’s favorite deer hunting lodge, but it was

, a ‘remote place that his companions had
great difﬁculty in entertaining him when they
 on a shooting ex dition. On one oc-
.-reunion they started a we! -guarded forest ﬁre

 was _ ipgresented as being very serious and
gﬂuwed Will in to‘ have direction, of the fire

   

guards who. extinguished the blaze. The ex-
monarch was so pleased with himself and his
ﬁre-fighting associates that he conferred decora-
tions on them. “

‘ lete.

 

LOQK, Boirsl
TRAPEZEE
(The Acrobatic Wonder Toy

ALMOST HUMAN IN ITS
ACTIONS!

_ It consists of a handsome parallel
iron frame on which the little yellow
man accurately performs like an ath-' ..

T1{E_ FLYING TRAPEZE -— Release an
t1'18‘891"P1§1 !_ind_ the ﬁgure swings for- .
Ward. Gripping the brass tra ze-bar, 
turns a somersault in the air an catches .
a cross-bar by hi heels. .

THROUGH THE LOOP-—A swift swing
and he goes through a wire loop, make;
3 W171 and. catching by his heels, swings
head downward from a bar.

THE. GIANT SWING — He goes for-wgrd
with a rush, releases the tra ze, catches
a‘. horizontal-bar with his eels, make;
two swift somersaults in the air and '
catches by his heels again. _

He performs two more horizontal-bar
acts with the grace and agility of a cii-..
cus star, and many new ones can be in-
vented. ’ I

The Most Wonderful Toy in {
the World!

PRICE $1.00

_The collapsible stand and the little mani-
kin are neatly packed in a, handsome box.
Delivered anywhere in the United States on .
receipt of price. Address A . ' 

WOLF-‘F NOVELTY C0, ’ ~ )1

-165 W. 234'! St., New York City, N_1_ '

Ni

 

" Five Diﬁerent Stunts — ’ .1. ’

     

u’:o__'|- no
-~««...,,, ~ °"f 
3  I "0'?’ 
 ‘:7 gaze,‘ .1  3:17:
If

' wu-a-. . ck .
_ ocnlrual-In-non! '.1s'mc|uvu.h
-n°'1'-'..'.'z'.'u':u...yu.h~ .s -'- awn-gic-x

m...s..{u.g|e,-sauna:-anotusa . A I
z4p.¢xuouP«!un-danchoc-not-eh -d-or-0--L
£$7_ ﬂ'l'l'ln£IOR0_lASS.

with Fountain
Pen, Pencils.
Knife. Pen
Holder, Eraser, for selling 30 packages of
Chewing Gum at 5c 9. Dk8- rite
BLUINE MFG. CO.,
18). Mill St., Concord Junction, Mans.

TOBACCO

Habit Cured or No Pa;
Ania-u. uipqcbowhcou-and!
anui-I. cab. s1:oouacc".'.."'°n.a..""""°s'€'r'7.aI.'
SUPERBA co. M-’2'I, Baltimore, Md.

 

.l’.IMPLE,S

Iutlth Cu IIJHIIII Harold Plmvlel. Bhckhendu.
Acne ﬁeuonthnlngondubodmﬁubanlhcb.

    
  
  
  
 
  
     

Rush your name and address and learn
how to not this hanmlsome ll lit. gold
rlllovl mun‘.-t \A':n.ol1 and chain ABSO-
L["X‘l<JLY l~‘REE. Watch has 10 jewel
Lever num-mvnt. Wrlle m(luy—«lnn't «I.»
lay for lw‘IlHl£ wntrh plan. RELIABLE
SALES 60.. 434 Broadway, Dent. 26I.
New York City. C

  

Protect yourself acainst
hold-up. rowdles. etc. with
this clever clam-one case
of I! ht weight metal. Looks
exit: I like the real thing! Pull
the net; buck flies the lid
uhowlngyour cl nrettes. Lots

   
 

qp -.
4'.

k. . 

., Gunnnlood Tuna Keep-
er. Given tor ulllng only
 so card: otpruu Ins -l'u-
teneu at 10¢ per card. only
sold. EARN BIG MONEY
OR PREMIUKS. Ordor your
cords T0-DAY. Sondmo money.
’ We trust you tlll good: are told.

AHEIICAX SPECIALTY C0.
Quanta.

   
 
  
  
 

‘ Box 121 z r..

n forﬂdnyltrl-9: gpprovu. Your ' ’

onion 0: C4 Stylus, colon and sin: 0!
tin (anon: Btcyola. Eryn. pm.

a‘§t may H-abound

FREE

VACUUM TUBE
RADIO

 

U.'$. Railway Mall
Clerks Needed!

Big opportunity. Salaries $1600’
to $2300 a year. Short hours.
Liberal vacations. Steady work.
A chance to travel and see the
country. Examinations not diffi-
cult. Common school education all
you need as groundwork.

Mull coupon to-day for 48-page

FREE CIVIL SERVICE BOOKLET

I.\'TER.\'A'l‘ION|U. CORRESl'0.\'D£.\'C'E SCHOOLS
Bu! H94-C, Scrammx. l‘cl".ll.'I.
Without cost. or ohllgmion. please send me
3 copy uf your vﬂ-plan CIVIL SERVICE
B0()KI.l-ZT, which tells how I can locum
a poaluun with the L‘. S. uovurumcnt.

 
   

gt“ 5: scaring you!‘ ;'
E ;».~=:«=l:.«»r"-"s~=.«'".-.x 
mm .1. ..l:.l’ 3".’ on do- ,_,. ,,,,,,,

’ "I'D?!
uaﬂallod.
r7r°u"rWou co:'o'o:rsa 5:4 sum m.|.x.

7

n

B

P
u———.——————.

     

 

LCIU ............................................... .. suu

. .

   

   

 

 

 

For that Jolly
Beach Party

Pack your week-end beg, say goodbye to the
hot, noisy city and set dot for I day or two
of real fun and healthy sport at the lake or
sea. And don't forget to take along your pock-
et orchestra so there’ll be plenty of good
music forthose who want to dance. If you
want to be the hit of the party, be ready
with a Hohner Harmonica-

The World’s Best

There’: nothing like good music for hap-
piness and there's nothing like a Hohner for
good music. Hohrier Harmonicas are true in
tone, accurate in pitch and perfect in work-
manship. Get a Hohner Harmonica today
and play it tonight. 50¢ up at all dealers.
Ask for the Free Instruction Book. If your
dealer is out of copies, write M. Hohner, lnc.,
Dept. 156 New York City.

OHNER

 

Spectacles FREE! e
T

 
 
   

No Money /

Let me send you on Ten Days Free Trial a
pair of my famous "True Fit” shell Rim
Spectacles. Hundreds of thousands now in
use cverywliore. These splendid Glasses will
enable anyone to read the smallest print,
thread the tiniest needle. see far or near and
prevent eyestrain or headaches. It alter try-
ing them for 10 days and nights you are
amazed and delighted, and think them equal
to glasses sold elsewhere at $15.00, send
only $4.98: it you don't want to keep them.
return them and there will be no charge.
Send no money; Pay no C. 0. D.; simply
your name. addrvss and age, and state the
length of tims- you have worn glasses. it
any. A beautiful velveteen lined. zold-let-
tercd Spec-tat-le Case FREE.

U. S. SPECTACLE C0.
1528 W. Adams 53., Dept. U.S. 890, Chicago, Ill.

    

 

ARMONICAS

MAKE THE BB1‘ CHOCOLATE BARS
Mints and Chewing Gum. Be my agent.
Everybody will buy from you. Write today.
Free Samples.

MILTON GORDON
189 Jackson St.. Cincinnati, Ohio

GetRid F A T

of Your
Free Trial Treatment

Sent on request. Ask for "17
“pay-when—rcd1u-ed” oﬂer. l bl":
successfully reduced thousands
of perons, otten at the rate of
. a pound a day, without diet or
exerclle. Let me send you proot at my ex-
[r(‘llRt‘..

DR. R. NEWMAN. Licensed Plfyelelan

state of New York. 286 Fltth Avenue
New York. Desk W

. ALL
SEVEN

1et—large Cameo
Ihosn 4 lovely Gold plated Rings.
All 7 guaranteed and Given Ab-
solutely Free to anyone for sell-
ing only 12 (-nrd.~l of our Jewelry
Novelties at 10 cents a card.

“'. R. .\lE.»\Dl-2 MFG. C0., 3!

Providence. 3. 1.

FREE

Pair latest-style Ear Di-ops——
platinnm ettect imitation Wrist
Watch with Silk Ribbon Brace-
Brooch and

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

 

 

 $90 Drafting Course FREE

There is such an urgent demand for practical, trained Draftsman that I
am making this special offer in order to enable deserving, ambitious and
bright men to get into this line of work. I will teach you to become a

aftsman an Designer until you are Drawing a salary of $250.00 a
iiioatli. Youpeed not pay me for my personal instruction or for the com-
plete set of instruments. But you must take aiivantageof this special ofieratoiice.

       
        
  
 

$300 a Month Salary-
$50 on the Side at Home!

» That’s the kind of money my drafting students make.
 Read what this one says:

 "As a beginner I am _doinf ﬁne. Am earning a salary
of $300 per month, beszdes made over $450 at _home the
last t1_vo months, draugzng plans for private parties. The
practical draﬂmg trammg you gave me by mail put me
where I am in less than six month’s study. Thank you for
all your personal znterest and help you gave me so fan’

(Signed) ]. B.
(Name and address upon request)

       
       
    

    
             
     
       
 
          
   
    

.  « /
chufomrnmn Debt

1 Guarantee

To Train Your Until You Are
Placed in a Position Paying
up to $25 0 and $300 a Month

Write and I'll tell you how I make you a first-
class, big-money-earning draftsman in a very
few months! I do this by a method no other
man nor institution can imitate. I give you

   

personal training at home lay mail until you "  ~ ~ ~ ,  —.;,_. 5:- -.-.\:.~.—~,~—
are actually placed in a réositilon payiéiaruxg to
$250 and $300 a month. ix t ousan a ts- 0 0
~ men are wanted every month. Thls  
And nor»! give you a whole net of drafting tool: the mlnntu you

become my at-ail:-nt. You get every tool you need. A mean!

not 0! instrumimu which will build your nuccau in dn
'   IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIZIIIIIIIIIIII

 
   
 
  
 
    

 

L» . . .
5 Chief Draftsman, Engineers Eqiiipnieiit Co.
send   t 5 1951 Lawrence Ave. Div. ii- iii» Chicago. Ill.
No matter what plans Y0“ MVC for the future. Get : Without any obligation whatsoever. please mail your book.
this great book--“Successful Draftsmansh_ip." Find : "Successful Draftsmanahip". and full particulars of your
out about the simply marvelous onportumues_ahead - liberal "Personal lnatruction" oﬁer to few students.
now. How the wgrld naﬁds draftsmen._ enzigeers, 3
lftect rid bu"! at great sa aries an pos-
:i?cbi1iltiea:h‘crearelIggiidcoupontorireebooktoday. E N4W..........................Az¢.........a'
» I
CliiefDnftniian,I".n¢ineera EquipineiitCo. § Addm.1_,_,,,,,,, .................. ...,.,...,
I
I

195! hwnnco Au. Div. B-109 Cliicacmlll.
1’w‘0ﬂu . . . .  . . . . . . ......Sun.

-oon0lDQOO“

 

   

‘v.

 

 

 
   
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
    
    
 
 

' :65 Golden Fleece: or. The
schema-

. magma, sixty Lessons. covering every
“ Bookstores. It you cannot procure a copy. send us

FAME AND FORTUNE. WEEKLY
 z ‘ urns-r 1s‘s'uas_—-. . 
947 L;_ickyYl.e<’:€ once nor’: or. '1'ha‘Nerviest no in ‘-
. 0 . ‘ '
M8‘ﬂuie-«Y to (get Rich; or. A Smart Young Messenger.

"#9 Pushing It Through: or. The Fate of a Lucky Day. ‘

!‘.'i0 A Born Speculator; or. The Young Sphinx of Wall
Street ’ ‘

2-51 The Way to Success; or, The Boy Who Got There.
96'.’ Struck Oil; or. The Bo . Who Made. a Million.
15: A éﬂroulden Risk; or,— e Young Miners of Della

2.
Mi A_ Sure Winner: or. The Boy who Went Out With a
Circus. ‘

17.}, use by all nawsdeaiers. or will be sent to any ad-
dress on reoelnt of price. 11!. per 0097. in money or pos-
tage thﬂvt -

{ﬂu r0LI.0WI1V_G xmannns PRICE 8 CENTS

' Brokers or win Street.
1:36 A llad Cap , or. ' Boy Treasure Hunters
of Cocos Island. '

957' Adrift On the World; or, Working His Way to For-
  ‘:..“I.*'*.;.°"..".‘;:.'.'::.‘°.'.*..‘.*.°.’ "* W‘ ‘W
A l‘;g(1)1lr;§'Moute éristo; or, The Richest Boy in the
Won by Pluck: or. The Boy: Who Ban a Railroad.

“ Beatinigothe Brokers: or, The'Boy Who Couldn't

‘Kill
'6'!
‘m
. Re no.
MB A Rolling Stone; or. The Brightest Boy on Record.
am Ne-‘vein-I Say Die; or, The Young Surveyor of Happy
a ey.
«(I5 Boss of the Market; or, The Greatest Boy in Wall
Street.
F366 The (‘Mince of His Life; or, The Young Pilot of
Crytal Lake.
em Striving for Fortune: or. From Bell—Boy to Million-

aire.
ﬁg Out'i'or Buainesr or, The Smartest Boy in Town.
-..» A 81:-ha_vox-tee of Fortune; or, su-mug It Rich in Wall

Oct.

970 Through Thick and Thin; or, The Adventures of a
smart Boy.

971 Doing His Level Best; or, Working ‘His Way Up.

972 Al;v‘ay: on Deck; or, The Boy Who Made His

or .

irﬁa A Mint of Money; or. The .Young Wall Street
Broker.

916 The Ladder of Fame: or, From Oilice Boy to
Senator.

975 On the Square: or, The Success of an Honest Roy.

‘ﬁll After a Fortune: or, The Pluckieat Boy in the Welt.

err! W‘i;:nli‘ng the dollars; or .'rne Young Wonder of

a treet.

978 Makimr His Mark; or. The Boy ‘Who Became
Pres ent. '

€979 £2.-irkto a Million: or, The Boy Who .Wns Born
uc I.

will Loétt in the Andes: or..'1‘lie Treasures oi’ the Buried

v

1-31 On Iii»: Mettle: or. A Pluck! Boy in Wall Street.

‘"22 A Lucky Chance; or, Taking Fortune on the Winﬁ-

was The Road to success; or, The Career oi‘ a For-
tunate B07.
994 Chasinx Pointers: or. The Luckiest Boy in Wall

" litre-st.

was Rising in the World: or. From Factory Boy to

It nnairer.
was Frrivm Dark to Dawn: or. A‘ Poor Roy’: Phancc.

--~27 Out for Himself: or. Paving His Way to Fortune.

has Dv-mv-ml Cut Diamond; or. The Boy Brokers of
Wall Street. .

HARRY K. WOLFF. Publisher. lnc..
IQ West 23d Street ‘New York City

 

555-"'““Q5 {‘v%¥%“%nm

Price 85 Cents Per Coll!
book contains allvthe most recent change-‘

This ~
in the method or coustrution and Isubxnlr-xﬁtssté 3:

' geenuio writing. For sale by all Newsdea era and

« tag stamps, and
3.’ 3.‘ii‘i°'..“§u°“,'.‘.2.' ‘.?.;"°;‘:§t::.'?§e.. °...........
L. Ionitrons, 810 Iovsnth Ave" New York, N. Y.

 

your TEN-CENT HAND noon:
‘7'“?‘ ’t‘.‘..'.§'.u.‘i‘.'i'..:'.'.‘.'.‘...‘§:'.".'l'.'"i:.“'.1.' °"""
Every Subject.

 

,,_E«:‘:  ac;

No. 20. HOW TO BECOME AN INVlN'l0l.—-IV
boy should know how inventions originated. This boo
explains them all. giving examples in electricity. hy-
draulics. magnetism, optics, pueumatics, mechanics, etc.

No. so. HOW '10 CO0K.—One of the most instructive

;books on cooking ever published. It contains reel

for cooking meats. nah, game. oysters; also pes.
puddings. cakes and all kinds of pastry. and a [rand
collection of recipes.

No. 37. HOW 0KEEPH0llsE.—Itcontainsin1orma-
lion ‘tor everybody, boys, girls, men and women; it will
teach you ow to make almost everything around the

house, such an parlor ornaments. brackets, cements,

‘Aeolian harps. and bird line for catching birds.

No. 88. HOW To nnconm YOUR OWN DOCTOR.-
A wonderful book. containing useful and practical in-
formation in the treatment of ordinary diseases and ail-
ments common to every family. Ahouuding in useful
and eifective recipes for general complaints.

4%. 40. HOW TO MAKE AND SE1‘ 1‘BAPs.-—lnclud-
lug hints on how to catch moles, weasel:-1, otter. rats.
squirrels and birds. Also how to cure skins. Copiously

— illustrated.

No. 41. THE BOYS 01" NEW YORK END MEN'S
JEOKE B0oK.——Contaluinz a great variety of the latest
jokes used by the most" famous end men. No amateur
minstrel is complete without this wonderful little book.

No. 42. THE BOYS OF NEW YORK STUMP
SPEAKEB.—Cont1iining a varied assortment ot stump
speeches. Negro. Dutch and Irish. Also end Inens
jokes. Just the thing for home amusement and amateur
8l0W8.

No. 45. THE BOYS OF NEW YORK )IlZ'\'S'l'3EL_

GUIDE AND Joxn BOOK--S0mPthilliZ new and very
instructive. Every boy should obtain this book. as it
contains full instruqtions for organizing amateur min-
atrel troupes. , .

No. 52. HOW to PLAY C.\Rl)S.——Giving the rules
and full directions for nlnyim: Euchre. Cribbage, Casino.
Fort_v~I-‘ive, Rounce. Pedro Sancho. Draw Poker. Auc-
tion! Pitch. All Fours. and many other popular games or
car s.

No. 53. HOW TO WRITE LE'l"l'El8.—A ujonderful
little book. telling you how to write to your sweetheart.
your father. mother. sister. brother. employer: and. in
fact. everybody and anybody you wish to write to.

No. 54. HOW TO KEEP AND MANAGE PETS,-
Givimz complete information as to the manner-’and

method or raising. keeping, taming. breeding. and rnau- K

aging all kinds of pets: also giving full instructions for
making cages. etc. Fully explained by twentroight
illustrations.

No. 55. now To COLLECT STADIPS AND COINS-
Containing valuable information regarding the collect-
ing and arranging of stamps and coins. Handaoinely
illustrated.

No. 57. HOW TO MAKE MUSICAL INSTBUMEFTS.
——Full directions how to make a Banjo. Violin, Zlther.
Aeolian Harp, Xylophone and other musical instru-
ments: together with a brief description of nearly every
musical instrument used in ancient or modern times.
Profusely illustrated. By Algernon S. Fitzgerald, for
twenty year: hnnrlmaster of the Royal Bemral Marines.

No. 58. HOW TO BECOME A Dl."l‘EC'l'lVl.—By Old_
King Brady, the world-known detective. In which he lays

down some valuable and sensible rules for beginners. '

and also relates some adventures and experiences of
\vell—knmvu detectives.

No. 60. HOW TO BECOME A P-ll0'l‘0GRAPl-III.-
Containing usetul information regarding the Cams
and how to work it: also how to make Photograph .
Magic Lantern Slides and other Transparencies. Hand-
some-ly illustrated.

No. 64. now To MAKE ELEC’l‘lHCAL MACHIXEI.
(‘ontaininc full directions for making electrical ma-
chines. inductions coils dyuamoa. and many novel toys
to be. worked b_v electricity. By R. A. R. Bennett. Fully
illustrated. -

‘ No. 05. MUIUDOON1 JOKES:-—The mntt original joke > - »

book ever published. and it is: hrimful of wit and
humor. It contains a large collection of songs. Jokes,

conundruma. etc.. of Terrence Mulrioou. the great wit. _' 

humorist. and practical Joker of the day.

For sale by all nevvsdealers. or will be sent to '31
~ address on receipt or price. 10¢. per copy. _- ,
in money or status. by

i
. mum! E. WOLFF. Publisher, Inc. 2‘
166 West 28d Street V New York &.

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
 
   

 

    