 

_; i % No_ H87 ‘Maw YORK. JUNE 29.1928 « mice 3'Ce,,t,,

UNIERSTREASERE.  

/2/7,jzz/1//gzogﬁmt/.

.u_\

H.323-.. . bound and helpless. was pulled. by the bray native to the edge of the bluff. Ann‘
~\ 92:39: savage menaced him wzth 3 stick. Sam and Vmikerose from their place. '
' I ‘ _..m' nhncnajment. “$599. 38 V1ll§g!;1§X” ﬁhohtéd  8-Il'ﬂ‘.l.'¢'IR-8iV‘91Vr

   

Woltbury

.Doc.5,1D1.1.

  

a W 1n~s b er! tion rice. 91.00 on C‘ :11 . .6o- Foreign. $5.00. Co iht, 19 vb. 
sun“: ee l‘ubI‘ilsl:!ngpUo.. Ix’ic.. 140 Uedarpesrtroyot, N evglmloglll,  X.' 10 pyr 8 3:381‘ 
‘ It the Post-Umce at New xork. .N 1..

            

ntered as Second Clan I!
under the Act or March 8. 1879

NEW YORK, JUNE 29, 1928

Price 8 Cents.  '

  

* No. 1187

    
  
     
 
    
      
    
  
     
     
     
  
     

 
  
  

5-’yV ‘CHAPTER I.—In an African Jungle.

_ — ~“,Where are we at all at all?” exclaimed Mike
Murphy, lugubriously, as he and his two com-
"nions, Jack Jordan and" Sam Singer, both
Americans by birth, came to a stop inthe midst

,=of_ an African jungle that was a perfect maze

of’ trees, with interlaced creepers, rank vegeta-

tion, and brilliantly—colored tropical ﬂowers.

" ,¢.‘5Where are‘we?” echoed Jack. “I wish I
, 'ki1ew.” ,

" _‘ “.Then_.it’s lost we are,” replied Mike, looking

helplessly around.

' -~»—“I’m afraid we are, Mike.” ’

“Oh, wurra, wurra; ’we’ll never see Amerik
 more. Bad luck to the storm that droveus

"ashore on this haythenish ‘coast! We ought to

“have stuck to the shore, where we could see the

ay at any rate, instead of comin’ into this wild

egion where there’s niver a road or even a path

l'»0,.Sh3.pe ‘our course by.” ' ,

three boys were dressed in“ natty sailor

  

     

  
  
  

man’s, yacht that was sailing down the African
goast when a sudden storm drove her ashore, a
omplete wreck, on a desolate and uninhabited
retch of beach, bristling with rocks. That event
appened several days before, and the three’ boys
were the only survivors of the catastrophe. For-
tunately the cabin portion of the yacht lodged be-
’*tween two big rocks, and did’ not immediately go
ieces. ' ’
,; hen the storm had somewhat abated, a few
—.hou1—"s after the disaster, and the sun had warmed
’ ‘ ;ha1f dead lads back to life and a realization
their" helplessness, they examined the remains
: the wreck, and found in _the demoralized antry
V-all breaker of fresh water and a imited
, tity of provisions——enough_ to last them on
l rations several days. ‘ fl
_ is was extremely fortunate, else they must
eperished of hunger and thirst, since there
othing in the shape of food in sight. The
ys, lso secured three riﬂes and three belts full
_,lI*cartridges from the wreck of the captain's
{he om. Each was also provided with a sailor_’s
th infe fastened to a belt around their
_ Jack also found. the‘ ,capta_in’s:_rev,olver,\
3 oaded, and a small box of ca1jtridge,s. The

  
 

   

  

   
     
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
    
 

 

       
  
  

 
 
 
 

 
 
  
   

  
  
 

   

   A, Favorite of Fate 
A  OR, AFTER THE HEA_D I-lUNTER_S’ l TREASURE   A

By A SELF-MADE MAN

a

rigs-,‘for they’ had belonged to an American gent1e- .

, cheerful a tone as he could command, for as th
,‘admitted leader of the little party he felt that;
-1 the responsibility of keeping up the courage of all

“He must bethe father ofall the monkeys in th

‘ one oflthimwas near the size of him.”

_-was note large one.’ and .easi’ly‘went into?

aqki 1’ mm f hishvpsenigigg 1 was not really a _monkey, though he belonged

as _:=

  

two companions, who felt all at sea on the strange
shore upon which they had been cast, oﬂfered ‘no’
objection to his suggestion that they strike into
the interior and try to find their way to som
native village wherethey might ﬁnd 23. missions ;
who would be able to advise them how to 
civilization. ~ v .
After cutting across a bare country for many‘
miles they struck a tropical wood, the grateful?‘
shade of which they duly appreciated, and
pushed forward with ‘fresh hope and animation.
At ﬁrst they,fo1lowed what seemed to be ,9.
beaten traék, but after a. while they lost this‘
andrwent ahead at random. As a result, after‘
pursuing their way through it for the best part. :
of the day they woke up to. the fact that the wood
wasean endless stretch of trees and thick veftaa.
tion, and they had completely lost all trac (if:
the direction they had come, and they knew 
more what was before them than if they be
dropped out of the moon. ‘ 
‘f.I’m afraid we're in a rather serious prediea
ment,” said ,Sam Singer. “Our provisions wonitg’
last long even if we eat as little as possi le‘
while, as. for water there is hardly" any le 
not much more than a decent drink all aro.u'n
The question is what .are we going to, do when
our supplies give'out?” ’ A ,_
H “I couldn’t tell you, Sam. I _ghaven’t the faculty
of looking into the future,” replied Jack, in as:

  
  

  

  
     
      
 
     

  

  

     

  
    
    

hands rested on him.
_“Don’t talk about atin’ and drinkin’ or ye’ll
give me a ﬁt. Faith, I’m that hungry I could.
ate a what’s that? Begorry, it’s alive, -‘
Lord, it’s‘one of thifn’ native nagures lookin’ at if
out of the bushes.” - ‘
Jack looked and then burst into a laugh.
“What, it’s 'only a monkey,” hessaid.
“A monkey, is it? ‘ '

       
   
  

   

O

 
 

country,” said Mike. “Sure I've seen" monkeys 
the cage at Central Park, so I have, but nive

'l‘_he"animal in question was standing upr;
on  ground witlrone lo ~='hai~ry arm ex ‘
towarda tree, upon _which  hand rested. : :H

  

je monkey gr-ibe,:

, but a‘ young gorilla,"
feroc as an ‘d ‘ of all-the

  

m

T attitude was very human as he stood and blinked
at the three invaders of the primitive wood.
—» Doubtless he had never seen‘ three white boys

rigged out in white sailor attire before, and to
his unsophisticated vision they looked decidedly
out of place. He e an odd ﬁgure in the cool,
 green light of the arching trees and festooned
vines. Had he been of full size, Mike would cer-

 

tainly have regarded him as the great—grand-.

father of all the monkeysin creation.

Jack made a demonstration at the gorilla with‘

his riﬂe, but the animal never made a move. He
favored the boys with a succession of grimaces,

which meant» something, no doubt, but which

, they couldn’t understand. .
 i “I. suppose you don’t know that monkey meat
15; ‘considered at great delicacy inthis country,"
_*saidTJack. ~ . ' _’
"  J"‘Monkey mate, is it!” ejaculated Mlke. With 3
 , look‘ of disgust. “The saints preserve me from
it bein’~reduced to the necessity of atin’ it. Sure
_I’d"feel like a cannibal, so I would.”
.’  " “Say, what’s that yonder?" asked Sam. “Looks
I : like some kind _of, ‘fruit-" ‘ ,
 They walked toward] it and found that it was
' ' of wild inea e. ‘
. a }‘[‘lIn3.ronder if pit woliilld be safe to tackle it?” said
Sam, looking at the fruitwith a longing _eye.
' “We’ll cut one down and taste it,” said Jack.

 

'“A fellow might as well take some risk when

, grub is as scarce as it is with us.” .r

/ So the pineapple was sampled and found to be

uite palatable. The boys were so hungry that

- ey chanced the consequences and each helped
himself to one, cut it open Wlth‘ their knives and

be‘gan’eating it. The young gorilla watched them

' ‘with a fresh interest, and moved his Jaws in sym-
pathy with theirs.

 

“Will ye’z watch that monkey,” said Mike. “I,

i belave he would like a pineapple himself.”
» “Then he shall have one,” replied Jack, who
ficut down another, sliced it open and then tossed
it to the animal. The gorilla picked it up and
 3 was soon chewing it with great relish. _
, ’. ’‘‘If1‘i/ih1:a monkey will ate it I guess it's all right,"
 T’ ‘id i e. “
 -S“a“I thought you said it was a monkey. Sure
»what‘else is it?” i
; ,‘ “It’s a young gorilla. I recognize the species
'- Q by the long arms and its size. I’ hope we don’t
, ‘, meetﬂ a”full-grown one or theres likely to be
1 » ‘e. -
 t.1‘9‘LiVhat,. are there bigger ones than that?”
’  ‘ “Are they? I should say so. That’s only a
“ . ne.
ba“?i?I‘o(i' Hivin’s sake! And what is the size of a
fu1l—grown one?” asked the astonished Mike.
 “Over six feet,” replied Jack, who had an idea
they grew as tall as eight feet, but this was not
"a,fact, "as a full-geveflopfclligorilla is not, as a rule,
«over ﬁve feet an a a ig . ’
 It ‘inhabits exclusively the densest tropical
forests, and is only found in regions where fresh
water is abundant, so that the boys had a good
‘c miceof running across astream at which to
take their thirst and lay ina new supply of that
‘necessary liquid. The pineapples, however, tem-
. orarily relieved their thirst, and now that there
gppeared to be a chance of ﬁnding food on their

 
   
  

     

,_ ;.. * Ht/.

 or e  .  » A FAVORITE or FATE

be. they stltthd on with afresh». heart; but »

 

  
 
  

they took the precaution to add a few of the’pir‘ie<
apples to the bag in which they carried their food
supply for fear they might not ﬁnd the fruit,
when they wanted it. The young‘ gorilla followed
them at arshort distance. '  ,
“Why is that monkev followin’ us?” asked Mike.‘ T
J “llzecause he’s taken a fancy to you,” chuckled ‘
ac . - ‘ ’
“To me? Maybe its’ yourself, begorry. You
gave him the pineapple.” _
“That doesn't make any difference. He seems
to look at you more than at either‘ Sam orme. 
Maybe he thinks you’re a relative of his in di's'~ ‘
guise." w . i A - r
“I su.ppose you think that’s witty'_."’ said Mike,
with a growl. . ’ i _- ._ 
.At th:¢_ moment they plunged in among a"lot
upf gigantic ferns and lost sight of the gorilla. 'Tho" T
rainbow—tinted birds grew. more numerous as. their
advanced, and they soon. cameupon a small’7‘arm" .
of monkeys that leaped chattering on theirimar \ ‘ ' 
from bough to bough. Mike recognized the e-~_ -‘
familiar animals at once, but they acted a who ‘
lot different from those he had seen in a circus;
or caged at Central‘ Park in New York.” Th’
Irish lad was carrying the bag with the p‘,ro'vi—‘~ 
sions, while Sam carried his riﬂe with his own. j:
Suddenly one of the monkeys leaped on thevb  — '

 

and began digging in it. In a moment severe: " .
others followed suit and down went Mike on the 9
ground with a howlof consternation. . » 
For a moment it looked as if all the monkeys‘
in the immediate vicinity contemplated piling on
top of the boy. Jack interfered in time to save;
him. He attacked the bunch with the butt ‘of his
riﬂe and they drew off, some of them with so‘
limbs. ‘ _, /
“May the saints defend me; sure it’s‘ki~It I am, _
groaned Mike dismally. ;  “ '
’ “Get up, they’re gone.» now,” said Sam. ‘  g .
The Irish lad got on his knees and looked fear-’
fully around. ' ’ _ .
“Gone, is it? There's the whole caboodle of.
’em grinnin’ at me from the trees. They’re only
waitin’ for me to get up. Bad luck to ye all,” he 
cried, shaking his fist at the nearest lot. “Why «
don’t ye shute some of thim and tache them= v
manners?” yr 
“Come on, we can't stay hereall day,” said
Jack. “You go ahead and I’ll see that they 'do.n,’ti
monkey with you any more.", _ ‘ T ‘ ;
Mike got up,’ yanked the bag on his back again’?
and proceeded, but it wasgxclear that he was ill
at ease after his experience. The monkeys ffols
lowed them up close‘, apparently meditating an»;
other attack on Mike, for the contents of .the_ bag‘,
appeared to interest them. Things got so strenu
ous that Jack ﬁnally ﬁred into a thick bunch in
them, killing one and wounding another. ,Th
crowd set up a tremendous chattering, and the
disappeared like magic. ‘ . V ,
“Faith, ye ought to have done that before/’~sa,id’
Mike. “What a blessed relief to ‘get rid of thi
divils.”  ‘ i y ff
In the course oftwenty minutes, during whic
they encountered another troupe of monkeys, in? T _
however, did not offer to molest them, they
reached» the bank of a stream of fresh’water..x~
The three boys drank heartily, and thenﬁaeic
ﬁlled the small breaker he had slung tojhi‘a‘1iaeka

   
  
  

 

The bushes were/loaded wtli a kind of 1

  
 

    

berry which they ate greedily without consider:
ing ,wh_ether_,they .._wer_e, poisonous or no_t.; They
‘W 1j'e4tir.e,,d‘.out, and hot, ever under. theshelter of
eggreéii canopyjahove them, and, stretching out
‘the foot of. 5 big tree, they closed their .eyes
;.and‘ very s‘oorn’were sound asleep. . ' I »

 

V _ . CHAPTER II.‘—Danger.

Jack was the first to awake. It was close on to
"fdown, and as it’ was a tropical region dark-
fs would fall without intervention’ of twilight’

s soon as the sun disappeared. The young leader
determined. to take advantage of the brief interval
”' ‘daylight to reconnoiterthe stream for a short

stance to see whether, in his judgment, he and
1 __s: companions had better follow it, He did not-‘
iiitend to go far, and did not fear that as long as

hé;lgept“beside,the stream he would _,miss_ the..spo_t
' igvhie{re"his,friends lay ‘asleep. ’Acc_ordingly, ‘with-
. outfburdening ”hirnsel_f with his riﬂe, he started
.;94head‘-.“ ‘ » T T  ‘

' "I,-le had been gone perhaps a quarter of an hour
when Mike awakened. He sat up and rubbed his
‘eyes. ,,
f‘Where am I, I dunno,” he exvclaimedw, in some

bewilderment, looking around. “Oh, I remimher

now. In this blessed Afriky jungle, may Ould
’ ‘Nick shute it «for a monkey’s paradise» When
i ‘will be after gettin’ out of it, ’d like to know?
s enough I've had of Afriky to last me for the‘
rist of me days. Hullo, where’s Jack? It’s gone
,_ lie is; Faith, he can’t have gone far‘, for there’s
his riﬂe and the breaker of water. ‘Maybe he’s
takin’ a bath. Sure that’s just what I’d like to
" ,j:a1{e’mesilf.' The water lookssﬁne, so it does.
. That’s an invitation for me to go in. Begorry,
it won’t have to ask me twice. I suppose Jack

E

     
      
  
   
     

and take a swim.” , .
'q'Mik’e, went "to the water’s edge, looked up and
» down the stream, but saw nothing of Jack.
.‘-“Where the dickens has‘ he gone to?” he said.
“The stream isn't swift enough to carry him off.
 well, he’s somewhere around, I su pose.) I'll
take me hath withoiit bother-in’ meself a ut him.”
' by He removed his clothes under the shelter of a
hush ‘and waded into the water. ‘V l ,
“Faith this is ﬁne, so it is-. «Sam doesn't know
he’s missin’. Sure it wouldbe a charitable
__ ‘on me part to call his attention to a luxury
_e—..l1'ave'n't‘ enj’yed since we‘ left the sayshore.
ell,"'I’ll do it in a minute. I hate to lave 9.
good» thing‘ whiny I’m over head and ears, in it.”’
; .30 Mike continued in the water, loath to leave
‘it_e_v'jen' to ‘call Sam. ‘In the meantime’ Sam slept
_ serenely.‘ And _while he slept there came’ a‘
stle in the bushes. and presently a black head,
"if then a nearly naked body, pushed through the
etation and came out into the little clearing.
;;Thé, intruder was a native Africantof sinewy
iI'{_1.}§,nd ratherV,repel1ant_,_face; .Hi's'entire rai-
t consisted‘ of onli a breech-cloth, at the side
which was -slung a nife of European manufac-

  

  

   
     

  

 
 
  

 
  

  
 
   

 T ‘ ed no emotion 0;‘ any ‘lgi‘.nd;.v Ghd-,
1 th, _ ﬁne ooked down at,.h1m,.(and he

 
  

dmgfja ‘net the? tree,

   
 

 
 

"A.FAV;9R1TE .0Feii*AiEc     i

has gone behind thim bushes. Thin I’.ll folly him 5

'' plied Jack. "

M thim full—grown_g:o’1-illas?”'

‘  His sharp, glittering black eyes rested’ on .
leeper; anckvhe stopped ‘in surprise, though’.

 «.

     
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
     
           

he counted them with his ﬁng’er. T1 at impressed
hixn-with the fact thatytho lad ‘was n t alone and
helooked, aroundxwitli. craftyvcaution. ' Slipping
’C0~the ground he: examined the conten~ts"of‘¥ithe. .
-bag»-s» He uttered a grunt of satisfaction. ‘Trhen 
he turned his attention to the breaker, removing.
the cork and smelling of what was in it. With
a grunt of disapproval he laid itdown without I
taking. the trouble to replace the cork. ‘He
reached forthebag aga1n,_and in doing 5o'‘djg; [ 
lodged one of the gunswhich fell across Sam’s V
chest and awoke him. He started up and found
himself looking into the neg‘ro’s ugly countenance '
. “Hello, who are you?” ejaculated the boy. 
The native uttered a gutteral exclamation and
whisked out his knife, which lie brandish‘ed:be-
fore Sam’S face-.» Sam was a bit frightened, for f
he“saw that his companions were not in sight. '
What (19 Y011.want?” he asked the black.  ..
The native did not understand him— but’ ‘he
knew what he wanted. That was the bag with
the,’ provisions, and‘ he intended to '-take zit  He‘
ﬂourished his knife agai-nlso close to Sam's‘. nose
that the lad drew back in (dismay. At that,junc'£« .
ture the crack ’of- a revolver sounded ‘closeat -' »
hand. The native uttered a screech, dropped his _ ' .
knife and fled through the bushes in a panic the 
blood running down his lossy black skin frdm a ‘ ' V.
bullet wound in the shou der. Sam sprang on his
7 feetpand saw Jack advancing toward h'im.~Mike’s' "
scared face also appeared in- the bushes nearthe T
stream. ‘ 7 , ' "  ‘
"T“1l{?Vhere did that rascal come from?” agkgj .
ac . I“ ‘ ‘ ‘ »
f“Blessed if I know,” replied Sam. “I wﬁg
3519913-V S0methin8’ awoke me and I. found the
fellow almost on top of me. He yanked outhie
knife andpthreatened me with it.’ I thought! he
waﬂsl going tlodsfaicléc me‘; :31 p
. 811855 1 I1 2e ere an too 'uic .. T 
you,” replied Jack. “We’ll haze to ilookkotdtsgxg. .‘
wire;-e there’s one there’ are likely to be mo‘i‘e.”.' ‘
as“¥2eiI;£tzI<:%e we dt better not cpamrpphyem.
ve mm a ter place u h S '
Z°..there. Wh,el‘e’s Mike?” p t e stream. We 
H?“ I am." cried the Irish lad, showing him-'
self in undress attire. “It’s a swim I’ve been
takin’. When I heard the shot I thought so ‘
haste W9-S attacl$in7 yez, and as I had nothin'
d°f}1c1{d.tm5Si1f'V§?ith.'II got into the ‘pushes.’—’-5‘
\ e into your cothes. .We’re 0' ' S "
up the stream.” . g~ gig ‘to mow
“What for? What did yez shute at?" V‘
“One of the inhabitants of the country,” 

  
  

   
       
     

  
      
         
 
     
   
    
    
    
     

    

“‘Do yez mane a lion,ior a’ tiger, orpon‘ 

. “No, I mean a‘”man—~a native-—who"w'sus=‘gio:ng
to carve Sam up. . . .
V “Carve him up——what do yez'mane?” . 2
bl explained his brief experience with ‘tho

. ‘7*l‘he saints protect. us}, Let’s get away f "‘
here.” ' . i I ,  h

Mike hurried, his clothes on, and the pang

started for the place Jack, had selee-ted for 17.11%
night encampment. It proved to be a sma_1,}_..ca_ ,
‘1I_1 a rocky mo1_md.- It offered protectiongonglﬂﬁ
isuieer» exce0t.the.f1cont..fA:om mid, beasts.  , ,
e°”’°51*i9 W9“1d‘1  rest». hut iii‘? up

  

    

     
         
    
   
  

   

 
     

  

  *3 in the vicinity.

 

[whether to light one or not lest it attract’ the ,

attention of any hostile natives who might be
They gathered the "material for
it, and by the time it was ready for a match
night was upon them. . _
V A " They ate their supper and then sat down inside
 .the entrance to talk and watch. Strange, weird
noises now ﬁlled the air, and beasts of prey came
. forth from their lairs to prowl about in search
‘ of food. They saw_ glowing eyes staring in their
direction from the other side of the stream. Howls
and blood-curdlinp; yelps resounded all around._
“Begorry, this is pleasant, I don't think,” said
Mike. “We’d better light the ﬁre or thim wild
bastes mav sprino; in at us before we could shute
one of thim.’
-So.th.e ﬁre was lighted, and its blaze made
things more cheerful.

“‘We’ll have to take turns standing watch—'

about three hours apiece. We’ll toss up to_ see
' who takes the’ ﬁrst spell, and who relieves him.”
~ ‘fSure I'll never be able to tell whin three hours
"have gone by,” said Mike.
“You’ll have to guess at it if you get the ﬁrst
, or second watch,” said Jack, picking up three
— small twigs of unequal lengths. “I’ll drop these
in my cap. Whoever gets the shortest twig
stands ﬁrst watch. The next shortest marks
~the"second watcher. That leaves the last watch
to the remaining member of our party.”
‘The lots were drawn, and Jack found he we.
to watch ﬁrst, Sam to follow.‘ ' . ‘
“You won’t have any guessing to do, Mike.
You’l1 remain on duty till sunrise, and then
we'll wake up,” said Jack. ‘

~ The boys did not, feel particularly sleepy, as
V —-theyhad-enjoyed a good afternoon nap, but for
an that Jack told -his friends to turn in, and they
l . did. Soon silence reigned in the little encamp-
' 4. merit, but the noises of the night seemed to grow.
“ louder every moment.
7 ,“I:never thought when I shipped aboard that
v. yacht at New York that I’d run up against such
. experience as this,” thought Jack, when his com-
4 ~ jpanions had fallen asleep. “I looked for noth-
 ing but a pleasant cruise in foreign waters with
good pay ..nd lirst-class r--rub. Well, things turned
out all right until that storm came up ‘and
dumped Sam,- Mike and myself on this beastly
coast. An old fortune-teller told me once, after
looking at mv hand, that I was a favorite of
.':fate.~ She said I’d ‘travel to a foreign land and
' get rich there. Well, I’ve got to the foreign land,
1‘: all right, but there’s precious little chance of
W me etting rich there. I shall be perfectly sat-
isﬁe if I\ reach some port where I can ship for
iwnie. The prospect of doing that is not over
bright at present." _
' "-An hour passed away and the solitude and
{lonesomeness of his surroundings began to have
saﬁlulling effect on the watcher, and he caught
“himself dozing.

 

   
   
  
    
  
 

brace up. Time enough to think of sleeping
when .Sam comm on duty,” he said. .

, Sudd/rah‘ J aack thought he saw a succession of
‘shadows some out of the bushes on the opposite
side: of the stream and line up there. Not a
sound came from that direction, and the boy was
Iglmostspersuaded his eyes had deceived him. _He
'v,?atched,—intently, however, for he was ‘taking

 

  V4;  " '~ V   ”.A\FiAvoRIiTri oriiilrnlrﬂ/(fl I

fact that ‘they had encountered one native he

»i :?“This won’t do. I mustn’t go to sleep. I must .



    
   
 

no chances with any prowlers of the night,
whether they walked on four legs or on two.‘ The

took as a sign that there were others in the
neighborhood. As that black’s act_ions had been
far from friendly, it was necessary to ‘g'ua,1jd‘

against surprise on the part of his friends. I

The glare of the ﬁre lying between him and ‘
the stream made it difﬁcult for him to see the»
shadowy forms that seemed to be standing mo- ‘ 2
tionless on the opposite of the water. The quan-
tity of reserve fuel’ piled around the entrance to
the little cave prevented the ﬁre light from ei:- ~
posing the interior of the boys’ refuge, andsi:
projecting-1 stone partially screened Jack’s’~1j_e-". .
clining body also. His riﬂe lav across his legs’
in such a way that he could easily bringit  '
bear on an intruder.by merely liftinr it. The
main piece of fuel on the ﬁre was a short, ‘d’ ’
log, the remains of the trunk of a tree .whi fl‘ ..

 

‘had fallen months since.

While Jack was peering into the gloom the log‘

‘ shifted its position, falling over on the bed of...

live embers. A momentary blaze shot up, jlluml-'
inating the vicinity, and then J 8.ck”distiIictly saw —_
four natives standing like black statues on  .. I
opposite bank. As the ﬁre died down again the’ ‘
natives, with one accord, started to wade across-

the shallow stream. They reached the bank *. 
near the cave, divided in times, and circled around’

the ﬁre in both directions.

Each native’ carried a glittering" knife in his
hand, similar to the one the chap had 'mei'iace’d-
Sam with. Jack took that as an indication of .
an unfriendly purpose, and as he didn't propose 
to be set upon and overpowered if he could help,
it, he raised his ‘magazine riﬂe and ﬁred at the . , .
nearest native. . i ‘ 4 ,3

 

CHAPTER III.—Mike’s Two Lucky Shots.

 

The report of the -weapon aroused Sam and‘ _
Mike at once. The natives were taken by sur- _ 
prise, for they had counted on completely su’r-' . 
prising the boys, when they heard no sound com- 
ing from the cave. Before Jack could bring his I-;’
gun to bear-onthe other brave they disappeared -
into the bushes near the cave. ‘

. “What’s the matter?” asked Sam. “Been shooi:- »
ing at some aningial?” , . . .

“No. Four natives with drawn knives tried 
to surprise us, and I’ve shot one of them. Come‘
rliutiide and let's take a look at him," repliedgfj’

ac . , V '

They found the fellow quite dead. A  w

“You-must have hit another, too,” said Sam.
“There's blood along the ground where he crawled
away into the shrubbery.’’ ; ~

Two knives lay near the body of the dead In
Mike picked hem up. : ' ‘

“Begorry, wouldn't like to have one of thin:
stuck into me," he said; ,

They tossed the body into the steam and the
water carried it away. Then afterrreplenishing
the ﬁre they re-entered the cave. .; - '

“Turn in, you cha:ps,'v my watch isn't 
said Jack. ~ ‘ - I ' 

“‘I don’t.want any more sleep," , said ,Sam.
“Turn in yourself, and ‘I'll watch." ' .  i

    
 

 

    
    
   

 ,‘‘All right; but you want to keep youivweather
ye lifting. Those fellows may come backwit-h
., reinforcement to avenge the death of their com-
 'i‘:’ade,” said Jack. .

_ “I’ll keep my eye out for them,” replied Sam.

: » Accordingly, Jack and Mike lay down and were
ftsooni asleep. Sam found that a lone watch was
;not the pl-easantest thing in the world. There
was no danger of him going to sleep with the
of the night allaround 'him, but it was

a tiresome job to sit there and just look out

into the darkness. Half an hour elapsed and
" then he heard a splash in the stream, and pres-

ently a ghastly-looking _jackal came close to the
outer fringe of the ﬁre light. _
‘ He was hungry and savage. and displayed two

. horrible rows of teeth. ‘He started to follow the

H trail of blood that led into the bushes. He had

gone maybe ﬁve minutes when a shriek was
afted to Sam’s ears from a short distance away.
ore. cries followed. _

_, “What in thunder does that mean?” the watcher
n,\ asked himself. ' _

,It didn’t occur to, him that the Jackal had

: , tracked down the wounded native and attacked
vi -him. As the black had nothing with which'to
defend himself, and was-, moreover, weak, he soon
fell a victim to the savage brute, and his cries
ceased. ’Sam replenished the dying ﬂames sev—
eral times, and ﬁnally concluded it was time for
Mike to get on the job. He aroused the Irish lad,
and Mike took his place near the entrance.

_"“If anything comes too close, I’in to -shute, I
suppose?” said Mike.

“Yes, if you think it looks dangerous,” replied

  

am.
, - /‘Begorry, if it’s a lion or an elephant, I’ll
blaze away at once.” _

- Mike cocked his riﬂe and sat back against the
wall. Nothing happened to attra_ct.his attention
f'or"a long time, and he_ was beginning to think
that he was having a cinch when he saw some-

pgching, slender and sinuous, hanging down‘ in front

'.of the entrance. ‘ _

' ‘i‘What’s that?” [he asked himself. “It’s alive,
sure, or it couldn't move.” ’

» ' Presently the thing presented ‘a ﬂat head
 toward him, and a pair of glittering, diamond-
//-sha edeyes rested on his own. -
3,‘-, .“ oly motherl. It’s a snake.

    
  
 

He manes to

T ' come in here, I belave, so I’ll have to shute. Will '

yez kape yer head stidy long enough for me to
' take aim? Murder, he's comin" lower, and ‘he
‘ wiggles about so I'll never be_ able to hit him.
‘>' (Suppose I miss him; he may Jump at me. Be-
gorry, I’m in a cold sweat, so I am.”
The head of the boa was now down about four

ing for somethinvr that he believed to be
th 1 Mike, in a panic, shoved the muzzle of
his“riﬂe.at the head and pulled the trigger. A
~l_Qi_zd report followed. More by goo

  
  
  
    

d luck than
the ball. penetrated the reptile’s brain, and
"th‘ arsuccession of ﬁerce hisses his whdle length
, three or four yards came sliding down from
‘ﬁe top of the ‘mound, and. fallingb across the
scattered it in every direction y its‘ dyin
ggles. Jack and Sam, sprang up. and wante
" ‘ tth matter-tvasfp  - l

      
  

  
    
      

   

  
 

. '33? h'9".'$I-‘i.’-l.l"~".»,’*.."i. 5%

‘tile was as dead as a door nail.

t’ and he darted his neck inwards, as if-

every ‘hand, but fortunately none of the reptiles ,-

‘ing where they found a large s 13»

 

VA FAVORITE or FATE , I ,  5 

racket he’s makin’ outside? He's — knocked ,
the (fire to‘ smithereens, so he has. Look out, if, “
yez go outside he'll ate ye up. Holy St. Patrick,
but he is a monster. His head is as big around ~ .
as a keg, and his body as thick as a barrel," "
J “1({}et out; what are you giving us,” replied
ac .

“It’s the truth I’m tellin’ yez.
here we're goners.”

“You shot him, didn’t you?” ~ ‘ .: -

“I won’t swear that I hit him. He w.ouldn’.t
kape still long enough for me to aim straight.”

They could still hear the folds of thesnakeis.
body pounding the earth outside, though the rep-
Ja‘ck struck a 
match and set ﬁre to the last of the fuel near. a‘
the entrance. As the ﬂames sprang up and"
lighted the ground in front, the boys saw the?
outline of the still moving snake, dragging its
shattered head this way and that. ,

“My gracir us!” exclaimed Sam. “He's a big
one. You ne8_.rl" blew his head to pieces, Mike.”

“Begorry, is th..t a fact? Thin it’s a ﬁne . —
marksman I am, after all,” said Mike, feeling
quite proud over his achievement. ‘" , .

Seeingthat the reptile was done £01", the boys
ventured out an_d took a closer view of the boa. ‘

“Was he coming in on you, Mike?” asked Jack.

Was he? Ye can_ gamble on it he was. Sure"
the ugly look in his eyes gave me the cold
shivers.”

Mike proceeded to tell how he had ﬁrst seen
the snake coming down from the outside of the
roof, and how it lengthened out by degrees and V. _
shot its head inside, when he shoved his rifle 
forward and ﬁred.

“You did well, Mike. It’s not _an easy thing _’ Y
to hit a snake’s head,” said Jack. "If you'd hit _‘
him anywhere. else,_ unless in the spine, a. matter
of luck under the circumstances, your shot would;
have been wasted, and he might have got you_.".‘—

‘By this time the reptile had ceased to move,’ 
and after gathering the remams of the fire to-‘i '
gether, they returned to the cave again. .

It ought to benear morning,” said Jack. “I’l1 v . "
stand the rest of the watch if you fellows want 

If he comes 

 

 
 

- to turn in." -

“Ifve had all the sleep I want,” said Sam. ‘ if

Mike, however, concluded to take forty winks,‘:.
as he called it. Jack and Sam watched together
and nothing transpired to- disturb them. The
ﬁre went'out, but daybreak came on shortl‘ ,‘
and morning bi.oke as suddenly as night felyl;
Mike was aroused, and leaving him on guard’
with his riﬂe, Jack and Sam took zi bath in the’
stream. When they‘ came out Mike went in, and
soon afterward they had breakfast and resumed’-
their way through the jungle. . ' ~

They traveled steadily for several hours with-
out meeting anything but birds and troops of
monkeys. There were snakes of all sizes upon?

  
  
   
        
 
   
  
  

crossed their path. After a rest they resu
their way. They followed the stream so as to be
within reach of water, and they were ti-usiin
to luck to come out all right. v « .

About.no.on they struck another inviggi 
. V 61,‘.
.31

  
 
     
  
 
  
    

  

Her they stop ed
‘ 397°. 5.1.‘ '

 "' yesterday.

fell l "3

’:.‘&"'5'§.:¥'t'r.- ..;1 ..I:' 5;. :,—,.v.3.’>:-"2 ’r:- :‘ ., ' ‘ . 3
rdenttha one of themsishould ‘stand watch.“ _~='1_‘he‘
tot fell to Mike, miich»/to ihis disgust‘.   ;
.;£.‘N.ow.don’t2fall asleep, Mike, or we fnightbe
msazprised by some of those blacks we ran against
It wouldn't be cheerful: to be taken
msonem, or be stabbed to death by the sharp

- ~ 'ves’those fellows carry,” said ‘Jack. ~ '
~.f1‘elling ,Mike to awaken him when“ he thou ht
trihour had elapsed, Jack, after cocking." is

zifﬁe, lay down and followed Sam into the land

»;"»Begor-ry, but itfs hot,” mused Mike. ‘.‘Sure I-

 I/'was safe out.of this- haythenish land,

 reptile they were liable to -encounter.

or where they have monkeys as big as gints, so Jack

 and snakes as long as a ship's hawser,
 asbig-around almost as a capstan. I wonder
how big this jungle is, anyway? Here we've
been travelin’ through it ﬁor two whole days,

~ and there seems to be no end to it. Afriky is a
 big country on the map, so it is. I hope we’re
travelin’ in the right direction, and that we'll

‘come ‘across a village soon where we’ll'ﬁnd a

,  missionary.”

Mike held his cocked -riﬂe across his knees
ready to blaze away at the first sign of danger.
He, was rglad there were no monkeys around, for
since his adventure of the day previous he dreaded
them as much as any other species of beast or
He meant.

to keepawake, but little by little he grew drowsy.

I ' asihae sat”wit;h his back against a tree, and ﬁnally

vlie"§iroppe.d, as to sleep. .

. early an hour passed away and nothing hape
 Then there came a rustling among the:
 and several largemonkeys and a number.

e:£_.small ones, pi:-obab y't'heir progeny, came into

.sig[ht. -They spied the sleepers and set up a

 and held it tight,

.' ggeat chattering among themselves.. By degrees
1:" V

ey approached ne_arer,. and perched in "the

«branches above, see ingly greatly interested in
- the humans below.

rom the limb of a tree..0Ve1'-,
 theref dgotpped % iimall green snake. It was
V w ee nor, 1.1 very venemous.. _
nllis bite was sure death unless suitable anti-
otes were at hand, It lav motionless for a.
'ime,1'-but when Jackstirred in his sleep,~ and
threw ‘one of his hands out toward it, it raised
ztsﬁhead, coiled up and -prepared to strike. At
that critical juncture one of th large monkeys,
We We e‘°“"d’e°‘i::.*;::. 2.: 53.25.: ‘:5 is
Thus was Jack's _life»’saved, through a;
, Monkeys have a great antipathy
1% .sm1fe5, beiagse thgy blfte their yougg, they
no eing res rom re rep_i.es a_-

 ‘fifisthe present ‘instance J ocko evinced his

flee;

 giga, ea in a curious fashion.

__‘_W;ith.:the ﬁngers of‘ his disengaged hand he
gauged out the snake’s eyes, slapped its head

nfdi chattered away at it as if taunting it. at '

 unable to free itself, and ﬁnally flun it
f';’far. as he_ could into the shrubbery... , ile.
 "monkey was. dealing with the snake, one of
cjompanions dropped down -and squatted be-"
- ‘Mike.’ Another followed, and soon the wh_ole
. ;w‘e£e seated on the ground, around the "snoring

 snake had 'been__3d_ispo_sed of, the 

. . “Have it own way.

d hp 11 be _ f_ n _th .eﬁorts_l§urr;'ed, out.”
.  an’ nofngzfvi, :  ' ‘i ' “
' slW5¥5¢h3AJ=l§l9.5f1"3.11Bé¢*h¢ 

,0. J ,

permits as‘ ‘me    

preached-“the ’siea‘~riiig= oil its ‘waylito th" . -
It Iwked its. head through the .bu8hes,;iid’.&‘li05dd: 

l0Okl1_ig_at’tHé monkeys‘ and’ their‘ an£icg;f%"’11;m' 
uh¢9.n.§c19uS ,’°h3t,‘158th'.Vlt§1’§'§Sti\1.'ii1 i’f1.,iifI'Ith°ei  "
The riﬂe held‘ by Mike with " ﬁhar'i‘cls
his krieeswas pointed, '_stra'ight‘iat,’.the '  ' ' '
forehead. The ﬁnger of one of'__the big

got caught” in the trigger.‘ guard, _a1'id. in.try';'= '7‘

t0”éXtriéaté rit"the' animal pulled "the tri '1-1.
loud report followed, and the kick of 'i§Z-‘I
sentethe-monkev on his back with a shade‘ "
took his breath away. 4  -I  .
The antelope sprang into the air andfell!
ward. The three boys were awake in ‘a  "
while the monkeys hustled up into the bra "
badly frightened. ~ _ ‘ " ' ‘
‘_‘What’s up, Mike?” asked Jack.
you've shot an antelope.
chap. _A ood shot, too- right between e eyes.‘
We're "1 “Ck. for We'll be able to have-some
roasted meat now for a .change.. Mike, yonde-

9

You’re all ritﬁ

I

serve a gold medal.”

’ The Irish lad. rubbed his eyes _and gazed in
great, astonishment at the animal his. riﬂe had

executed. _ , ,4 , .
“Upon me‘ word, that hates the Dutch,’ so'1't
does. So I shot tha.t,,.d.id I?” ‘ .. 
“Of course you shot it. Didn't you know what
you were shooting at?” said ‘Jack in some sud"
prise. . "
Mike looked at the "ntelope and‘“then"at the
gun in great vverplexity. _ _ ' I V . "
- “Faith, it_’s ‘bewltdlied, it is,"'l'ie ‘said. ; .
“Bewitched! What do you mean’ by that?’.’ '
' ‘.‘Beg0r1'Y."-Said Mike, not wishino: to admit.
he_h_ad been asleep. “I was wonderin’, how -ttha‘
a1i;fii’r,ria1 got here when I shot him about a niil ’‘
O . . > o ‘ ~
“Shot him a mile off, elh? That’s a hot one,‘ ,
Mike. The truth of the matter isjthe .poo_1-.an‘.:.
telope walked in lherewithout noticing us, and"
yiou.,took “advantage of the chance to ‘layjhim.
out; Isn’t that the truth?" ' ' 
At an_ ,1-at , T ‘
mit I shot him?” V 8. it.
“There's no doubt about that, is there; Sam?
_f‘No, for I'm willing to -swear I didn’t shoot-

_ him.»

-‘“Instead of proceeding on our way we’l’1 sea" r
here awhile longer and prepare some cookedv 
son foi-‘ourspelves. It will be" a welcome 
in our bill-of-fare,” said ‘Jack. ' ~  '

Jack and Sam, hauled the dead _ar’itelope 1-
the center of the clearing.. They skinned ones ’ A
of the animal and cut’-9ﬁ.'such arts as‘-thy’
t ought were best to eat. While _  

ikei started a ﬁre, and when it was tee‘
to a mass ‘of glowing embers, the ‘“antel,ope' ‘in
wrapped,up1in_large, wet leaves,‘ was buried.

themand left to bake or roast, as the case

be, until "the “ﬁguredﬁit ,was done. ..The,y“we‘
no. great-coo s_, these boys; but tztustedjto

in l!:e},1_0_f skill. ._ V. _ ~  "

‘ As'1uck_wss running their way,‘ tljtéjy l

a success and fast‘

   
    
    
   

  of J at.'Last. .

They kept on_ after night had fallen, and _in
pite of the growing sounds of ﬁerce animal life
around them, until they reached another clear-
 Here they campjed and built two ﬁres, be-
tween which they took refuge. Mike drew the
,'sho1:t twig that made him stand the first watch.

to call Jack. ~
'l“Notg1i}ng turned up, eh?” said Jack when-he
‘re ieve im. A
7 s“Nothin’, thank the saints, but a number of
bastes came around and looked as if nothin’
'fW.0xlzld have suited thim better than to make a
ma e‘ of us.” ’ c
: “What kind of beasts?” asked Jack.
1“Faitl’1’, it’s not a naturalist I am, so I can’t
to 1 yez. .
“You never saw their counterpart in a menag-
I ' nth ?”
erlflilivein to me knowledge ”
._ “All right. Turn in.” i g »
’ 7"The night passed without anything unusua
V . transpiring. and the boys resumed their journey
after breakfast. Early_that afternoon’ they
emerged from the jungle into a sparsely wooded
’ f country.
‘ “Hiven be nraised!” ejaculated Mike. “We’re
 [ out of that place at last. Sure I thought there
" - was no ind to it.”

 

“There’s an endlto everything in this world, 7

—. Mike,” replied‘ Jack.

*’v “,It’s hopin’ there won't be an ind to us be-

fore we get out of this haythen land,” retorted

the, Irish ho-‘V.

. . ’A,short distance further on they came across
. .a plain trail.

: . ;“~Begorry. this must lade somewhere. We can’t

, »do better than to folly it.”

'  “Of course we will follow it.

s . shall fetch up at a village.” .
“But suppose the village is inhabited with thim

feilers in smimmin’ trunks and sharp knives,

V ‘ ’ll we do at all thin?”

,W,"‘That’s a chance we’ll have to take. Maybe

‘we can make friends with them.” _

‘ I “How. can we whin .we can’t spake their l1ngo‘l”

:;.“We can make signs. 'Dhat’s a language, if

l'mite'd, that is recognized all the world over.”

“Yo,u’re the leader. We’ll let you make the

     
   
  
 
   
   
  
   
  
 

§-
2

S-' . ' ,

%?All. right. Step out.” _ y , ' _

, The sun was just setting when they came in
sight of a mod-sized river.‘ _ /v 1

~,, ‘/‘Sure if we had a boat now it would be easier
totravel. That river probably lades to the say,
and I’d sooner be at say than on dryland at
prisint," said Mike.

. Fifteen minutes later they came_suddenly upon
' small hut from the roof of which smoke was
issuing. ’It was a welcome sight to the boys,

We night. The door stood open and they walked
an; An ancient-looking native was bending over
«ﬁre cooking something. He looked at the boys

;th»an_expr'essi’on of surprise. Jack proceeded ,
’ age- He pointed«

make use of the sign Jan V
-direction of the jung e to intimate‘ that

    

had ‘come from there.’ '31!

He kept wide awake till he calculated it was time‘

' is there a village?”

I dare say we

as it seemed to solve the problem of shelter for '

  

’ sented- them with some rice ‘cakes, d ‘:11
d wasfahoutftoasheb; an ’ B

 

for the privilege of stopping at the hut when» A ,

the old man interrupted‘hi1'n._ . .
“You English bov?” he said. '~ .
“No, American,”

prised lad. ,

‘ “Me talk Engleesh.” ‘- ~

« “Oh, you do? Then we’ll get along better."

“Come from coast-——sailor?”

Jack nodded.
"We were shipwrecked,” he said.
“Sheepwreck. Where ’bout?”

Jaok pointed in the direction he supposed the} 7’ V

coast lay. The old man shook his head.‘

“Coast dere,” he said, pointing in a differently \
Whem; 

direction.

“Is that so? We’:-e mixed up, then.
’ The old man pointed, saying: “Six mile.”
“There’s a village six miles away?”

The native nodded.

“Where does this river run to?”

The old man said it ran to the coast.
“Can we stop here to-night?”

A nod from the old party gave them the de-A A

sired . permission.
“No bed.” he ‘said.
}‘1‘All”right,” replied Jack.
w ere.
“Me ‘pose you want somet’ing eat eh?”
“We’ve got some grub with '

“W-e’l1 sleep» any’

the ﬁre. “Me spare you little bit.” .

“What is it———soup?” asked Jack, lookinginto

the pot and observing that it looked like dish 
water with a lot of black thingsﬂoating in it.’_ ‘

The old man gave it some name thatthe boys,
did not understand.

he got three large nut shells, and as fast as he
ladled a portion‘ out of the not he handed one
to each of the boys.
spoons, they were evidently expected to drink the
concoction ‘out of the shells.

“What are thim black things ﬂoatin’ around?" it —
asked Mike, regarding the ogjects with suspicion. ‘I 

"/Dem snail. Berry ﬁne elicacy,” replied the
old man, proceeding to crunch one of the black
things between his almost toothless gums. =

.“ nails, is it?" cried Mike, with a look of dis-

gust. “Begorry that settles git.

soup gets me goat.

laughed Jack as he bitinto a snail.
roasted snails. in‘ their shells at a French res-

taurant, and Pm bound to say they’re, all right ,

when you get used to them.” .

Sam drank a little water, but he couldn't 

the snails.

/ - /

“What’s in the bag is good enough for me,” .:

and a couple of crackers. . i .
Jack wasn’t stuck on -a snail diet, but he stood

it lest the old man, shouldifeel offended," and

he declared the soup first class. Their host pro;

said Mike, pulling out a chunk of theyenison

 

made they restgof their meal‘ out ofgythe 

Tw-

 'oF‘,FA?sfs  l     

 

replied the somewhat sur-.  1

 

 

“Sleep on ﬂoor.”  ' 

us.” - ' A
_‘_‘Berry nice delicacy dis,” said their host,‘.
pointing to the not that was simmering over

 

He put in a spoon and; 
tasted it with the air of a chef. Apparently sat~‘ ‘ V’ " '
isﬁedthat it was just right to be partafken of,’

 

As he offered them no’

None of 
for me. I don't mind pay soup, nor oyster soup, 
nor what the French call consomm", but s'na,‘i1,"j
Yez can have my share, 
7 Jack, with all the pleasure in the world."

“You don’t know what you are missing,” ,
“I’ve ’ eaten .l

   

  

"A has Fm    e  e e  

of the bag‘. By questioning the ancient native
:‘.Tack; found out that if they followed the river
they would reach a town on the coast where there
_ were white people.» In a direct line the coast was
»’ sixty miles away, but to reach the town in ques-
, tion by way of the river the distance to be trav-
« e‘led would be more than twice that. The advan-
‘ tage gained by following the river was that they
couldn’t miss their way, and that was everything
tinder. the circumstances the boys were placed in.
The "old man took a great‘ fancy to Jack, and
, he told him a great deal about the country around
about which interested the boy very much. Amon
other .tliin‘gs he told .him about the country 0
ytlie head hunters which was situated many miles
away to the north. : .
" He said these people were a very savage na-
-’ tion,. and had conquered all the small surround-
"ng tribes, who were compelled to pay a certain
tribute twice a year. They also had to furnish

_ a: number of victims for the annual sacriﬁcial.-

festival of the head hunters, who worshiped hide-
ous. idols, to whom they looked for protection
and’ favors. If the. harvest was poor, or any-
thing else thev were interested in went wrong,
they held a special sacriﬁce to nropitiate their
deities. Jack was informed that the annual cere-
monies and sacriﬁce was only a few weeks off,
andas it would mark the .one thousandth anni-
“versary'of the birth of their chief god, it was
going‘ to be celebratedwith» uncommon eclat,
’ ~"*A’n unusual‘ number of victims wereto .be‘of-
‘fared up to‘ the srods, and predatory bands were
,. out skirmishing for prisoners to be disposed of
' ‘vari~ous ways during the initial days of the
estival,‘ which would last a week or ten days.
jJack»was advised, therefore, to keep a sharp’
lookout against surprise on the part of these
'w'anderin,<.r: parties of head hunters, since a white
man or woman was regarded as a ﬁnd of special
,im ortance, and as a sacriﬁce would be particu-
_.lax-Ily relished by the chief deity. The old man
-said he had once been captured by‘ the. head hun-
-_ters and had had a narrow escape. He described
Jt£lie appearance of theibig‘ town, as he called it,
 andnarrated how he had been kept a prisoner
for man weeks in a room of the temple of the
j; .' lge made his escape by bribing one of
Vthe priests with a valuable ruby he had picked
,’ ..‘up' in the woods the day before 1 is capture.
 "He said the priests were eat rascals, who
ﬂoirrished on the credulit of the people from

  
 

oir‘*’a suitable bribe. During the many centuries
" 7 their existence, under one name or another,
e present head hunters had accumulated a great
asiire of gold, jewels, ivory and other articles
ﬁgsalue, which was stored in a cavern in the
Jintain range surrounding their town. Only
jtlieipriests and the King ‘knew where this cavern
The old man said that a very small part of his
lifas-ure would make a foreitner rich for life,
lw 
 up an empire. When the old fellow retired,
aa irqioined his companions outside and related
 all their host had told him. The treasure
‘the headhunters interested them preatly.
‘Begorry, what a_ ﬁne thing it wou dibe if we

   
  
  

 
 
  

  
  
 

ixlilvcarry back to,A
re §Wre,”- said? Mike. '4 ~‘e‘It, wot_i1,d,he the makin’
 T We'd I§i»1L’GT1IT§e;,.l,3e ,bis_»’12us.s.’.a cl

   
   

      

   

_sel' for him to chew on in place of plug‘ tobacco}?

tlie~_King down, and thatthey would do anything u

’e“the whole treasure would, in his opinion,",

meriky some of" that same .

we, .

wouldn't need to work any more. I’d go back
to old Ireland, buy up the country I was ‘hf
in,‘ and let all me tinants live rint free. It's,
BT93-13 man I’d' be, with a castle to live in, and
the’ prettiest colleen for me wife. , I say, Jaclc,
ain t there some way we can get hold of a slice
of that treasure? Sure it's only goin’ to was
among these nagurs. It's a sin and a shame
that it shouldn’t be put to some good use.".«* '
Do you want to run the risk of being sent
up as a sacriﬁce to the gods of the head hunters

laughed Jack. .
And what w.ould‘the

 
   
 
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
   

“As a sacriﬁce, is it?
do to me?”

would cut vour hair with a sharp knife and drop
it into the chief g'0d’s mouth as a delicate more »

“Sure I wouldn’t like that at all at all. And
W(2l1l(1i.1 they dare to "do that to a white man?” ; 
‘T e old man told me that they preferredwa5
as ism. 22.2% rd   
“Is that a fact?” y’  i ; ll
“That’s what he said, and I’m willin to /take‘
. . _, _ 8' . , ,,
his word for it rather than inv.e_stigate'.the mat'—_
ter. He told, me that a _white_prisener is treated;
with the greatest consideration on account".‘b£-
:*::.*.:i"“:.*s.°.‘:‘:i sir» hm °f W 
y e 1 . -
‘t‘Butt£maybe WK: tciouhqil ﬁnd the treasure wit
ou go in caug , y tem villains. ‘Such a.1dt¥
of gold, Jewels and other things is worth;taki'ri’~
ian  for. lﬁez cant get somethm’ for not-,h'_xj.;’.
is war . .. '
“That’s all "right, Mike; but a fellow’s life’
glorth II1lé)I",e than all the gold and treasure ,
e wor . l I ‘ M
“Bet your“li_fe it is.” nodded Sam. ’ “If Milc"e'_
I:?“iffm13§§%‘.‘és‘:.f1lte.£‘.‘:“l..*;t‘%F°” 
“I11;;’st*kindbyez are to suggest iltl; but I wouldn't“
wan o,ro yez wo 0 your s are. , 1,
“Well, let’s turn in/for we want to vmake a
early start down the river. We have over
hul’I1£.1‘§-Ed-Inlge trainp before us, 8:3dJtl‘1?{l‘$’§ no sill
wa in a ropica coun ry, sai ac .‘ 4
..Hi:.°.°*2:?.“i:"%3W‘ t°:l“ir.‘h;i 
e y own on e ar aor ,W1'
soine straw for a pillow, and ere long were 'soi1n
as eep. ' ,  

1

   
   
        

  
    
   
 

 

       
    

CHAPTER V.-Captured.

When the boys awoke they found the old ma
up eating’ his“bi-eakfast. They went to the riv
and had a bath the ﬁrst thing, and shortly after
ward partook of their own morning meal. The
then made .preparations for their journeyﬂbap‘ /
to the coast, though the point-they'proposed.‘to’
reach was all of ﬁftv. miles nortl'i= of«the.p 
where they were wrecked. It was a town with—*
strange name situated at the mouth of "the rive‘,
and‘ they wouldibeable to ﬁnd some small natg;

    

     

    
  
   
   
    
 

      
  
 

craft to take them to. some larger port;-o E
African coastiwhere they would run across 7 Tu

. lg?

    
   
  

pean vessels. .' .

‘The old man gave tihem"tWi0j~smal'l,_b
their largeloiie, so that the V‘
weight of t ei food. A _, ‘

   
    
    

 
    
  

    

      

 
 

        
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
    
  
 
        
       
  
   

   
 
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
  
  
    
   
  
   
   

i_‘A FAVORITE A014‘ ,F:A'l‘E .  W W”

fiicy to the water breaker, for which he offered _“About noon "in this latitude for the‘ sun is‘
‘them three earthen bottles which they could sling directly overhead. Are you hungry?” . 
ifdund their shoulders. Jack? accented the ex- “Not in the least; but I could get away with
jchange as a great advantage to them. He pre- about a quart of ice water.” I . '~
sented their host with the three sharp knives They proceeded ahead for an hour through the-'
they secured from the natives who attacked them wood. The trees were not close enough to give»
and the old fellow was tickled to death. _ them continuous shade. In fact, it was about
,f ,He gave them nearly all the, cooked rice he. even shade and sunshine, but as they took fre-,
had on hand, and a quantity of dried fruit. Al- querit rests thevgot on verv well indeed. At“
together, they felt in oretty Rood shape to under- length they reached the edge of the wood, and
a e‘-the tramp before them. _. saw a long stretch of bare ground beforeetheiat‘
“Begorry, we landed on our fate whin we struck which did not look inviting, so they agreed to‘
‘at house,” said Mike_ after t'hey had started ‘halt there till sundown. They ate a light luiicli
 the bank of the river. , and then lav down to try and take a siesta ii
‘We did that,” said Sam. “On the whole, I afternoon nap. Thevsun was low in the heavens
ink we’ve been pretty lucky _to, get through when Jack awoke. Without disturbing his coin
thaft jungle without meeting with an accident. panions, he got up and took a stroll around. Com
We "know Where we are going now, and tliats mg ‘out of the wood at the tooof the bluff near
csomething we didn’t know before. If we_ meet the river, he was surprised to, see a large, com
with no unfriendly natives, or savage animals, cal hut before him. 
we'll be all right.”‘ . It was very like the huts of the Hottentots heﬂ
'As the sun got higher in the heavens the boys had seen in pictures. However, they were fa_'r_i.
luﬁered greatly from the heat, for there was north of the countrv_of_tli_at race. It lookedtb
little shelter on the route they were now follow- i be an abandoned habitation, for there wasn’t-sf,
jng. Whenever they came across a tree they slightest Sl2‘n of.life about it. After ~lo.okiii-
stopped for sometime to rest, but there was no at it for some time, Jack marched ‘coward.
who thing‘ as getting cooled. off. There was no Had he glanced down at the river where itckis
wind that morning, and Mike declared it was the _foot of the bluff he would have hesitated
hotter~ than blazes. , ,. i , _ 19aVm9.' the Shelter of the wood. for drawnwgp
"..‘:.‘This is a wh, le lot different from traveling on the shore he would have seen two big native]

  

 
    
   
    
     
    

   

through the jungle,” remarked Sam, mopping his boats. . _ _ . A .,
~},eat¢ face, , _ ‘ ; ’ Although not a_ native was in sight, ‘the tea»
‘.1 ‘ should sayso,” admitted Jack. ‘It was hot ence of the boats indicated that a party of b acks
share; but not a circumstance to what we re up lia_d landed at that spot, gone oﬁ somewhere, and:
~a.§;_'inst now. If there was only a breeze it would might reasonably be expected to return at any
baa great relief,” ‘ 0- vrnoinent. When Jack reached the hut he lool(eii"' V
"g1;e.gnound gradually rose as they advanced inside and saw that the place v; is deserted. 
, their course was along the top _of a bluff entered and looked _at a number of earthen veg
bout twenty feet above the 1'1Ve1'. _ Finally, they sels that ‘were standing about. They were empty
" ‘ed, a wood ahead, and that promised to shelter There S”»n0tl‘1ll‘l2‘ here that would ‘be of any.
 from‘ the sun's rays. As soon as they use-to us, he said. ‘.‘.It’s rather odd thatftheif”
' sidhed it they threw themselves on the dry grass shoiild_ be only one house. . Natives, as a»'ru1g,..-
ndpanted like animals at their last gasp.’ Not don t live off by themselves in hermit style’. The
7.3; word oassed between them for a good ﬁfteen old inan we met last night was one of tlielex
;ni;1'utes,~Vthen; Mike sat up 2 and took a.;,drink peptions. This would be a ﬁne nlace to roost -'
immhis earthen bottle. _ if we were going to stay all Ill2‘h'l'.. If we con?
“Begorry, it’s almost hot enough to boil an meet with a similar hut along towards morniii
',’’‘he said. “A lump of ice is what I node to. I ll call it luck.” _ v ,3-
‘: it pa1atab1e_i: _ I _ . ‘ _ At that moment he thought he heard the tramp-
._1¢eg Don’t mention it,.M1ke,”. said Sam. ‘I mg of feet outside. He rushed to the dooitanrl“
_ n:.1.Were at the North Pole ’now.j’ _ looked out. Hewas staggered to see‘ a scoreffor
‘.‘,The North Pole,_ is it? Yet! wish yourself more of wild lookin _natives, armed with spa
inabout five minutes. Sure that s‘ the other and St1Cl{S; abproac _ing, and only a lvshox-1;,A. In
Faith I think half way between W00” Jance away.‘ It was impossible for ‘him to re ‘ ‘
..wer better.” . ._ V the wood withoutthem. seeing him, so the ‘d, v
fter along rest Jack pro.posed~.that they start .'back into the hut. He had been seen, how'eye'
ginf ‘ - , ” _ “ byseveral. _of the blacks. who communicated _.
eii-e*not getting on very fast, he said. _ I. fact to their c,oinpamons,.and a rush was In
I it would be better to sleep _in the daytime for the_ hut. ~- 7 . -;
travel at night. We can’t miss our way-ras IA minute later they blocked I_1p _tli_e ;entr ,
Vahshwe keep $0 t}!e;nve1~." ‘ . ‘ ,. _ i and spying the ‘boy, crowded _inside and;..su,
our suggestion, is a. good one, Jack,’ said rounded him. They wore only abreech-clotli,,wfi
K V ' ‘,‘1. vote we‘-adopt it.” ; V »" ‘an additional fold’ of material hanging down. '
Fésm-e I couldn’t, slape now to save me soul,‘ , front and back. Two of them, however, sported:
ﬂd*Mike.‘ 1'’ . ‘ i _ a featherv Itopknot on their heads. ,,But"w
e'll fdefer sleeping, till to-morrow if j«.you§. particularly struck Jack’s'attention‘was'tli‘e ‘

'can.sl;aIid’it," said Jack. "During‘the rest? that the ‘chaps who Wore the topknots

    

  
       
   
  

  
     
   

      
    
      
  
  

  

  
  
   
    
   

  
    
     
         
      
      
   
    

 
 
 

 
  

  

   

   
 



    
     
   
   
     
     
      

       
  
  

 

      
     

 

’ll take it easy. .W'hen;the s_uii  polished human skull attached to both~theii?,‘lii
By‘ morning»  :Foi7'jche moment these ghastly "oz-nam_ents. h

    

  
 

   
 

  

   

i he now was. A particularly ugly rascal with ‘a
topknot stepped forward and looked Jack over
from head to foot. He lost no time in exchang-

. ing words with the boy, for he seemed to under-
stand that such a proceeding would be useless.

He believed Jack was not alone so far from
the coast in that barren district, and considered

1 it advisable to hurry matters, He uttered a gut-
.tural command to the rank and ﬁ1e——the fellows

: . i V a who had no. topknots—and two of them laid hold

’  of~the' lad. ' '

Another, who carried a rope around his body,

I, unwound it, stepped forward and threw the noose
 end over J ack’s head. The leader ‘seized the rope,
jcut olfpa piece from the end with the knife he

‘i . ’,,;carried, and ordered one of the bunch to bind ,

 .~7~."the boy’:s hands behind hisgback. Jack was not
" , secured without a desperate struggle onhis. part
,.  into-V escape. His efforts were of no avail against

-' suchlnumbers, and he was dragged outside and
Jhurried toward a ravine leading down to the

   

.~ shore. . . . A v
 This ravine was close to the edg‘e~of the wood
 ,.~wh.erc'Jack had left Sam and Mike sleeping.
.  "Those lads had woke up a fewvminutes before,
" “and noticing‘ their leader’s absence, had started
to look for him. Thev heard the hubbub of the
natives in some surprise and uneasiness. Crawl-
ing through the bushes they peered out into the
open space in front of the conical hut. To their

consternation they discovered Jack a prisoner_ in ‘

i..the hands of a small crowd of savage looking
' natives. .
 “‘Murder and turf!” exclaimed Mike. aghast.
, “Thim nagurs have captured Jack. What shall
We do at all at all?”
 ‘ “Do,” replied Sam, with compressed lips, “why
i , wrescue. him, of course.”
 “Rescue him! From that bunch !‘
? to one a2>:’in us.”'
“That makes no difference. If you.or I were
. in»Jack’s place he wouldn’t desert us if there were
‘twenty to one against him.” .
“Begorry, you’re, right. We can’t die but once,
T and we might better do that in a good cause
than live to feel that we ‘hadn't done our duty
3 1 ~ Faith, I’d blush to call mesilf an Irishman if I
"“"' V deserted a frind in distress.” ~ ,
» Jack, bound and helpless, was pulled Iby the
"jlbrawny native to the edge of the bluff. Another

  

There's tin

 

 

ike rose fromttheir place of concealment.
‘ “Stop, ye villains!” shouted Mike,\aggressively.

The bunch stopped and stared at the two
, plucky boys, but only for a‘ moment, then one
,.;of‘ the chaps with the topknot waved his stick
in the air and uttered a guttural command to
the others. The whole crowd at once made 9.
, charge on Sam and Mike.

   

CHAPTER VI.-——To the Rescue.

v“We’re ‘in for it, begorry,” said Mike. “We

must shute like blazes.” i M

_ The two boys brought their riﬂes to their shoul-

-ders and began to blaze away. ' ' . ,

" At .such,c1os_e range they could hardly miss
=eir,marl-rs, and the natives began’ to fall like

wheat before the reaper.

      

   

  

',I«\

A Filvosairnl or FATE ‘ T

' piled in‘ after them. Getting out their paddles

a’ hurry, and‘ before they got it into the wate

avage menaced him with his stick. Sam and.

H food supplies and Jack's weapon down to it

In a ymoment the na- _

   

  /‘\. . ' ~ . ‘ r’

   
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
     
  
  
  
  
    
    
   
   
  
   
  
   
    
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
     
  
 

tives were thrown into great confusion, and thei-
attack stormed. Just before the ﬁring commenced
the two chaps with the topknots dragged Jack;
to the headlof the ravine, and forced him down J ’
toward the.shore._ The rest of the now ‘d-emorf-..
alized bunch came pellmell after them,-leaving.
their dead and wounded comrades behind.  ~

Reloading the magazines of their riﬂes, 'S‘a_mf
and Mike followed in ‘hot’ pursuit. The natives‘
hurriedly pushed one of their boats into the
water, Jack was thrown into her, and the blacks.’

they. made for’ the opposite side of the rive ,
as fast as they could go. The boys opened ﬁre.
on them again, but had to. be careful in their
shooting for fear of hitting ’J‘ack.; They potted 
several‘ of the blacks and then had to stop ﬁriri: 
becausethev boat swung into a line so that Jae‘
would be as likely hit as one of his captors. ; ‘\f 

“~We’li have to folly thim in the’ other boat,"
{said Mike, dropping his riﬂe and making: 9. dash \
’for the stranded craft.  -.  F ‘

But they found.the boat too heavy to ‘move ii‘

the -natives had -reached the other shore, and
disappeared up a rmall stream*that ﬂowed into
the river. , _r  " ,
“The villains will get away from us,” criedi
Mike, shovin with all his might. g   ,
“Why shou dn’t they when there's half a dozen“
,of thVem'paddlin,e:?~” replied Sam. ’ “We'll--never‘:
be able to overtake them.”  ‘ " '
“Do vez mane to let thim carry Jack off with
out makin’ another effort?” said Mike. “Begorry,
it's mesilf will folly him alone thin.” ‘, U,
‘,‘Hold orrf I don’t intend to desert him,”. said?
Sam, “but -as this chase may be a long one, we;
had better get our provisions, and Jack's ri‘fle.v
No use of going off half cocked. —We want 't,o”'be”
in shape to follow him as far as they intend-
to take him. .We can’t do that without provi
sions.’’ .  _
“But they’1l vet away with him while wen»
gettin’ ready,” said Mike. ' '
“They’ll get away anyhow. If we’re goin,’ ‘to
chase them in a proper wav we must» go pre:
pared to stay out awhile. That boat will be hard
for us two alone to p’addle, and we're bound’
go slow, no matter how you ﬁgure it.”, V,» ~-
There was good sense to Sam’s,arg*ument, 
Mike yielded to his judgment. _
Theyrushed back to the wood, passing‘. six
dead and wounded natives lving on the top 0
the bluﬂ’. 7The wounded ones were as good. as;
dead, for no one would come to their relief, _7a'n‘(‘I
those, that, lived till morning were bound“ to»b"e1
ﬁnished by the scorching sun. The boys paid no
attention to them,“ but hastened to carrythei

    

   
    
          
 

  
    
  
  

   
      
  

  
  
 

shore. Everything was packed into the boata "
then they pushed oft‘. ' l y . ‘ I 1
The‘ river was quite rapid, and they had a, lot
of difficulty fetching the stream on the oppos’
side. They got ‘into it at last and foundth
had to make their way against the current: '
“Begorry, this is no fool job,” said Mike. “Th
nagurs must be a [mile ahead of. us by this; 
“We've got to keep on paddling or the stray
will carry us back,” said Sam.’ “When it
tired out“we’ll have to pulllin she;-as 
there-1” -~  m x  ~’.«-.~

       

 
  
      
 
   
  

  
   
  
  

     

   

— 'm,’_’ complained_Mike._ ,,“,It’s like djggin’ a trench
51 the"wate‘r_ on one side of the boat; . If I ‘only
F,g;l§’l:.d"£ja'pair of dacint’ oars‘ now I"__could' do some-
§ .

in .,”
',,“Th‘i's is the native style of propelling a boat,
rid they’re so accustomed _to it that they can

       
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
   
  
    
  
   
 

with regular oars.”
“Well, we must do the best we can, since we

“about Jack. ' Suppose thim fellers'are the‘/head
‘hunters, and sacriﬁce him to their haythenish
ods before we can rescue him, what’ll we do
t',all‘at all?” " - ‘

,“They won't kill him right away. Jack said
,th;e‘ old man told him the festival was two_'or
“three weeks off‘ yet. We’ll have, plenty‘of time
"Eo“”sa"ve him if we are able to'keep_ track of that
bunch that has him in tow.”

' “And sunposethev catch us, what thin?”
“‘“Then the three of us will be in the same boat,”
‘“I’d rather the three of us were intliis boat
rowin’ down the river for the coast." '

‘ They had gone about a mile up the branch
"treain when it fell dark. Although up to that
»‘'moment they were able to see some distance
‘ ‘ahead, they saw no signs of the craft'they‘Were
ciiasing. They became so tired with their eicer—
_ tions that they were obliged to haul in to the
~~shore,, moor the boat and ‘rest. Half‘ an hour
"Water they were paddling ahead again.

 The sky was bright and unclouded, and the
_- stream so narrow that they could’ easily see both
' "banks. They kept steadily down to business until
they: gave out again, when they made another
top for rest. ‘ In this way hours passed and they
as ainumber of miles‘ behind them. ﬂeeling
uiigry after their exertions, they made a lunch
9i'i'_rice cakes, some dried‘: fruit and water. ,

9 T ‘.’Now‘ you see it was 3.. good thing we brought

1'‘ provisions along,” said‘ Sam. 3

, “Faith it was. Atin’ is _one of the great draw-
-backs we have to contind with in this world. _A

  
 
 
 
   
   
   
  
   
    
   
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
   
   
  

.male or not.« Sure it's too bad in‘ a case like
oursilves that we can't carry water at least in

from wouldn’t bother us _so much.”
‘~.‘1:Well, let's get on_again,’V’ said Sam, and they

, _“.hQ—b0YS‘ put in the whole night onthe river,
nd, when morning dawned they were pretty well
iihausted. I

.~uW_e’1l have to quit and take a sleep,” said

 felt like a wreck, and agreed that with-
,out'.a“ good rest they couldn’t goon. '
V resent shape it was out of the question to think
iﬁijpaddling’ under the burnin rays of the sun,
or they would have no she ter at all_ on. the
stream. They hauled the boat close to the shore
and tied it to a tree. Then they partook» of a.

y t breakfast, and crawling; into a thick bunch
ogbushes, were soon asleep.
into the afternoon. - ,
',.‘,“‘ThliX1 .nagu,rs must be miles ahead by this
ir_n_e,_’,’/_ said Mike, as the two boys tackled their

sion

They slept well

_ . .“It’s afeard I
‘1mWith"thim.”  _ w -
 e,  c-We’J5.e_idQin1I all‘we

U‘
9
39
an

7  we'll niver

    

teller gets hungry whether he's got the price of-

ur chists like a. camel, and then the food ques-_

.    

“Sure it’s not used to this kind of rowin’ I can do to rescue Jack, and that is as ‘much a

make their craft spin’ as" fast ‘as’ sailors could ' '

can't‘help ourselves; but sure it’s'worried I am ,, _
"anywhere below.”

we can.

\

   

‘riverwe left. This must be a

look like thim’ r me

»following:the tracks,-into thethick shrubbe
"V5 In a moment he uttered another sliciut.

n if

   
  
   

can be expected .of‘us,” replied Sam. ‘ ,
' “'Begorry, ,we”mu'st‘ be some distanceffr.o'in*"the .
river, too,’ for 3i
sames long enoug .” ‘ ’=' " .,
" “Probably it is.’ A small tributary of the
other. We mayhave to go clear to its sourc,e:”j I
“It sames to me we are followin’ a blind trail,.,
for water leaves no tracks. How can We -tell.)
if thim nagurs have come as far as this?” ' .

“We'd have seen their boat if4the'y’d left~\i "

    
   
 
 
   
   
  

“Thim fellows may have taken their boat out‘
of the water andkarried it oil‘ with them."‘”I'hey‘,
wouldn’t lave it behind thim for somebody else’
to.sta1g." A ~ ‘  

“That's so. I never thought of that." If ‘the?
have gone ashore and carried their boat with
them it will be impossible for us to trace Jack.”

“Well, we mustn't give up till we 2'o_as farjjas
‘ We. must doour full duty by Ja¢lg;'
couldn't rist’ satisﬁed, to let ‘thim fellers~get 
best of us. The only satisfaction I have at priseli
is that we done uu more, than half of the hunt}:
We lift six of thim'on the bluff, and we killed
or wounded at least two more in the boat.',‘I
we‘ could only Vet another‘ crack at the remainde
we'd ﬁnish thim in no time at all,” said Mike." ~1
. “We won’t give up as long as there's the faiaiijt
est chance to find Jack,” said Sam, resolutely
“We may lose’ our lives in this hunt, but that’s'»
chance wehave totake.” . 

When‘ they had ﬁnished eating they startecion

again. Night found them on the river. , , e
were making much better progress now, for" they
had got accustomed to using the paddles. " he?

were‘ gradually workino: the soreness out of th
muscles, and rested less frequently than -‘duringu
the preceding night. They kept their eyes con ‘
tinually on both shores of the stream, but'sa_‘1:g“
no signs indicating that the natives had lett thy
water. When morning came once more they
landed and sought shelter from the heatvof thf
“Begorry, if we stay longin Afrikv we’ll

 

~as,black as nagurs oursilves,” said Mike, wlie
thev resumed their-trip again that afternoon-

“That needn't worry us any,” said Sam. “l_’t'
a healthy color.” 7 ' , 2 
,“We must have come more than twinty miles
up this stream. - There seems to be no end
it. like the jungle. Look at thim bushes yonder
There's fruit on thim or me eyes decave 'me..
Suppose we stop awhile and gather some. 1 They
_ V pineapples we found in the
_1ungle.'_’ V "‘,"
They landed and found that the fruit 
same variety of pineapple. ‘They gathered tw‘
armfuls which they dumped into the boat, and
went back _for more. N , — _ , Q
Suddenly Mike cried out in some exciteineii
“What’s the matter?” asked Sam. ' _
“Come here, will yez. Look at thim track
they’i'e fa,te——naked fate, for yez.can see the as
as plain as the noseon your, face. Begorry, tlii
nagurs came ashore here.” . , 
,‘Then. they've carried their boat with",tl'_iem> -- ‘
for there's, no sign of it around,” said Sam. ,5‘ '
“Let’s see‘ whereﬁthim fate lade to.” said’ 

  

  

   

.',”V12‘: H1 .7 

 ,“Now what haveyou discovered?” asked Sam, .
eagerly-
“The boat. It's here in the bushes.”

 

Sam came up and saw it partly hidden in
the vegetation.
' , I"‘Hurrool We’ve got on the track of thim vil-
lains at last,” said Mike. “We'll save Jack yet.”.
 " They saw the direction in which the tracks led,
. and they easily made out the marks of Jack's
shoes.
‘ _Mf;{Come, let’s get our guns and folly thifn," said
. ’ i e.
.‘ V They rushed back to the boat, drew it as far
{p on the shore as they could, and secured it.
Then, thev got their riﬂes and provision bags.
‘They decided to take -turns carrying J ack’s
« yvgeapon. , V .
‘ _“We’ll take a couple of these pineapples apiece,
' for fear we’d run short of grub,” said Sam, pop-
 , ping a pair into his bag.
. Mike thought it a good idea, and followed suit;
‘  Reﬁlling their water bottles, and taking note of
the landmarks in the neighborhood. they started
’ offlin the track made by the natives not in the
‘least deterred by thoughts of the perils that lay
,’ g before them.

 

 

M,’

CHAPTER VII.—En Route.

_ Let us return to Jack. "When his two friends
» suddenly opened ﬁre on his captors on the bluff
3 - the boy entertained a hope of rescue; but this
vawas speedily dissipated by the swiftness with
..wh_ich the men with the topknots acted. The§_
, fjerked himtoward the ravine, and before he coul
say Jack Robinson the natives had him in the
boat, and were paddling across. the river.
The bullets from the riﬂes of Sam and Mike
3 wounded three of the blacks, but the boat kept
1' on and entered the tributary stream. Poor Jack
j believed that all was upwith him now, and that
hehad seen the last of his two friends in this
life. The skulls at the hins of the two chaps
\-,w;ith, the top-knots convinced him that he was in
’the/-"hands of a scouting party of head hunters,
.and~'after what he had learned from the old man
the night before, the prospect ahead‘ was not
uvery encouraging.
jg ~'With his hands bound behind his back, and _a
rope noosed’ around his neck, he had not the
faintest chance of giving his captors the slip. If
only his right hand was free he could have drawn
~ the rev.olver from his hip pocket and made things
hot" for the fellows. Now‘ that he had» time
to think, he wondered why he had not done that
,in'the ‘hut before the rascals reached him. How-
,’ever, ‘there was no ‘use crying over spilled milk.

 
 

“revolver, if thev didn’t go through his clothes

and take it from him. They continued on _up
“the river hour after hour, the natives showing
0 signs of weariness. That Sam and Mike would
follow in the other boat never occurred to Jack.
(; (He would not have believed it possible for them
to. do‘ it anvway. He could not help wondering
what they would do. Whatever they tried to do
"heuwas satisﬁed would avail him nothing. Night
1911 and still. the boat kept on its way.
" Finally. one of the chaps with the topknot called

. .

halt. The boat was turned in on the left shore

 

.1

 

   

' _AlFAvoR1rE'' or WFASTE W "

and. all. hands debarked. Jack was secured to ‘ad

. ﬁe would doubtless get a chance yet to use his'_

.- slunk off at a run. On reaching lym Ja‘ck.,fomﬁ~

..p'utvthe poor _wretch out of his misery. A‘

   
 

 

tree and the others began preparations for a
meal. Several of them scattered into the shrub-S.-_
bery, and ere long returned »with "an abundance’.
of wild fgiuit- This, with some rice'cakes“'the5!9J»,‘
had in the boat, composed their meal. Jackfs
right hand was released, and he was given two.
small rice cakes to eat, and some.of the fruit,“
one of the blacks standing close to him and hand-- ‘
ing him the articles one by one. ’ I ‘
As he was hungry he did not refuse being fed,
and then his hand was tied again. The natives‘
rested two hours altogether and then resumed
their way. ' They did not stop again till-mom.
ing, though they paddled slower.‘ Apparently
they no longer feared pursuit. On the morning
of the second day on the stream the boat landed-
at the spot where Sam and Mike later on found: .
that the blacks had come ashore. The boat was
thrust into the shrubbery and, after a meal all -' 
around, the party took up its line of march;‘ "
toward the north.  .
They pushed on at a rapid pace all day through 
the woods that sheltered them, in a great meas-
ure, from the sun. Long. before the natives
show-ed any "fatigue Jack gave out under the
forced march, and two of his captors carried him
for a considerable distance. Late in the afterg-
noon, about the time that Sam and Mi-ke struck
the trail of the blacks, a halt was called and
supper partaken of, of which Jack got his share:..
For two hours the bunch rested, and then the?
march was resumed _with the same speed as be-,
fore. T_he natives could certainly cover ground
at a great rate, and Jack was kept on the trot’,
n.ot daring to pause on account of the noose;
which was around his neck. He felt for all .the.*
world like an animal that was being dragged t
the slaughter-house. When he ﬁnally pitchet
forward, utterly exhausted, ‘they carried ‘him-~
again. Another halt was called about midnight,'‘'
and after an hour’s rest they went on again. "
When morning broke the wood was thinner,
and through the trees Jack caught an occasio-nal;
view of adistant mountain range. The party, -
was all -day reaching‘ the foothills, and during.
the night their way led through a wild pass in;
the range. As morning drew near again, Jlackil‘ c
heard a succession of screams in the distafnc,
The voice did not sound like a woman’s,.,but.rhe
could not doubt that some one was in great dis
tress. ' .
His captors heard it, too, but the only impres
sion it made upon them was that of satisfac
tion; at least, Jack judged so from their action
and jabbering. The shrieks, continued and [grew
louder as they approached a turn in the moun-
tain side. Presently the‘ boy was treated to
sight that chilled his blood with horror, and gar
him a foretaste of the savage cruelties practiced

by the head hunters. -_
Against a bare, u rightpost, ﬁxed ﬁrmly in the
ground, a naked lack man was bound .a ’
making the early morning hideous ' with hi
screeches. Why he gave utterance to such. heaqjtai,-i
rending cries we. soon made aoparent,!for
the little party rew near, a couple’ of hyen

 
 

Wei .
40"‘?
‘ W

an

that these cre res had been‘snapp.ing-“‘at hig-

legs. Jack hoped one of -his captors would,“
his spear‘ into the unfortunate. ma’rr?s'.body

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
    
  
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
  
   

  
 
    

l’ .. But that was the last thing that would have
.3‘: suggested itself to the rascals. They passed him
hyenas to return and ﬁnish their work of killing
 him. As Jack subsequently 1earned._.to have put
the man prematurely out of his pain would, in
the eyes of the head hunters, have destroyed h1S

   
  
 

"whom he was offered as a living sacriﬁce. So
the victim of African superstition was left be-
hind, and the party_ proceeded as swiftly as evelrci
, An ‘hour after sunrise a halt was made in a W1
fastness of the mountains, and food was pro-
,’d,uéed from a hole under a rock.
A.'fter,a short rest the march was resumed.
ifgshe Chang wjth_the topknots were anxious tol
=reach their destination‘. Although the or1g1_na
‘objéct of their expedition was a failure, which
‘ w'as'to round up a few victims for the prelim-
Hoary». sacriﬁces leading up to the great festal

   
 

 
  

prisoner, which was a matter of such importance

?"'tl'iat the fellows with the topknots expected to be

.~ ‘-lpraised and rewarded with gold ornaments and
. promotion. '

  
    
    
   
  
 

liver the white boy into the hands of thechief
priest, who, with his assistants, took charge of
. heniore important’ prisoners intended for the
«crowning ceremonies of the festival. The grand-
eur‘ of the mountain scenery would have appealed
Ito Jack under more favorable circumstances, but
“now its wild beauty was lost on him, for his
’i1;-houghts were busy‘with the future, andthe hor-
rors it probably held for him. Around noon an-
other halt was called for dinner, and food was
gtound, as before, in a hidden recess. The sun

 

’ were -now traversing ended abruptly and a gl_or.i-'
,O'lilS valley, green as the emerald, came into
* view. ’

 
 

' rounded on all sides with mountain peaks that
,.shut it in completely from the outside W01‘_1tf%;
Hundreds of yellow bamboo-walled huts,_ wi
een thatched roofs, dotted the valley without
any semblance of order. Not a tenth of them
were.visible to the eye from the mouth of the
"ass on account of the shrubliery: _ V
~Where onlv the roofs were in sight, their green
color mingled with the trees and concealed their
identity. Jack saw enough huts, however, to con-
vince him that the valley was well populated;
as, indeed, it. was, for the head hunters Were
a" powerful tribe. Close to the southern border
‘-of the valley stood a large, two-story structure,
forming one side of a square, open space. This
was the idol house.. It was ﬂanked on one side
the residence of the King and his 1111meT°11S

 
   
   
  
  
 

5‘

=;9"aby with the utmost indifference, leaving the‘

2 Therefore were they in a great hurryto de-~

was descending in the west when the pass they‘

; It looked like a great shallow bowlscooped out
“of the range itself, for it was completely sur—-

  -  A FAVORITE or FATE

-.v:a.lu»e--as a fetish, and have insulted the gods to _

day of their chief god, they had captured a white .

iamily, and on the other by the building occupied .
b .

i » ' rt officers.
 tqdﬁibtlfodlr north side, was open, and faced
he-valley and dwellings of’ t ’ common heI‘d- The
id‘ol"house was considered of more importance
‘and the King’s palace. It was believed to be
" iroostin —place of the dread god who watche
r thewe farelof the‘ tribe, as well as theklesser
, who were supposed to dance attendance
* he big fellow.’ ;A dozen.ra.rd&!n-
' entrixnc was  Ve“ id

 

earthen

front _ of

    

     
    
 

< On this stood a stone slab, raised on four boul-.~ - 
ders to a height of perhaps four feet. A sort of y n g
gutter ‘was out along the four edges of the slab
and at each corner was a hole. This piece of . _.
stone was the great altar where the chief victims I 
were sacriﬁced. No common person ever suffered ' .- '
death .on it. In some cases a victim was tor- ~- 
tured there, but not often. Death on the alt"ai:-'- * '
was generally swift. '“ ,
As the party came down the slope from the, ‘
pass they began uttering shouts and brandishing;
their spears. As this _was only done when an‘
scouting party had met with uncommon success‘,
it speedily attracted attention. Men, women and -
children came running out from among the trees,’ . ,-
and soon a considerable crowd gathered aroundj 
the little band and the prisoner, and with sho’(‘its‘*. 
of j accompanied the line of march toward ' ‘
the o in end of the square. The crowd and -,con~U. .
fusion grew as they advanced. v , .
Gongs, horns, rattles and drums were preseiitl
added to the din. Such barbarous music Jac
had never imagined’ before. He was almost-
stunned by the volume of sound. At length they:
reached the square, andas they advanced across 
it they were relieved of the common populace,
who knew better than to intrude beyond a certain 
invisible line. They lined up all the way across  A
that end of the square, however, forming a solid’
living wall of yelling and singing humanity, the.’
color of ebony. / ,  ‘ ”
.. Half way across the square the majority of V
the scouting narty stopped, the two chaps with
the topknots alone completing the distance with‘
the prisoner. The head priest of the temple came ’ ‘
out to meet them. To him one of the fellows
explained howthey had captured Jack, and.hdw‘
they had lost nearly half their party doing; it.
The priest complimented him and his companion,-
and said they should both be rewarded in a suit‘-
able manner. He then struck a gong hanging
from a corner of the mound. The other priests‘:
appeared, and to them the head individual‘ com '
signed Jack. The boy was led into the temple,‘ 
up a flight of steps and into a room, furnished. V
with a couch, a bamboo chair and table tomatch‘.-A
The rope was removed from his neck and his .
hands were‘ unbound. The priests then retired,

 
 

 
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
    

 

 

Z

securing the door after» them.

 

i

CHAPTER VIII.——The Girl Captive.

Jack sank into the chair, for he was completely.
fagged out after the forced overland journey he.
had been compelled to take. " He was utterly de-
jected, too, for his future prospects looked ver_
black, indeed. Ordinarily he was not easilyidise‘,
couraged by adversity,'but the bodily strain he
had undergone. had taken all the starch outef
him for the time being, and_he could ‘scare,’
have lifted a hand to defend himself had he bee ,
attacked at that moment. -. .

‘He sat for an hour staring blankly at. 1 ,,
ﬂoor.’ His thoughts were blurr_ed‘and amount .
to nothing, for his brain was in a kind oftor *
pidstate. "The door/_o_pened and two priests

 T One, bearing agﬂat basket containing
hen plates tgf choice food, includ' ~ ' ’ ’
_, . V‘, 5 .3. ..,.

        
  
  

  

           

/V    ‘Va.-.1’  1,’.  h‘: 14; '_~_v I ,
1A,F+tVoin.IT.E.oF owe‘

;..

    
  
   
  
   
 
  
    
     

vv -..- -ti.-,~ ; ., . y , ..
‘=»  H.’ ‘* ' ‘;:;..-5   ., 4" _,..-( 

 
    
  
  
 
    
  
   
 
  
  
  
    
   
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
         
  
     

odour.‘ Jack: did'4not'-iappear t.o.notlce.the1r press  wo_n't.do me_any,go_o,d. ‘I"d,l_ilgg t__q,gee_ it,,th_Qugh,
eiice- » y . ’ ,   for W must._.be .a,. .tremend0.us 3.¢¢.\1mﬁ1dtion.“

'The,m'iest’_ spread the dishes .on.the. table and; wealth. ,.I wish ‘I were ‘free  1ie;d.4a,3ch‘ang5e
i1t.the»_.»-bottle in their midst, . Then Vheoretireda , sample _.it._ ._ .I cou1d.~carry,p1f -.¢1.iough_“ iireei ‘
‘with;-the basketyclosing the .door after ,him- At stones to make -me rich in America. From pr?
' h~Jacl-c-pulled himselftoirether and looked‘ ent indications I’ve seen my last,»of.A_mei-i_ca-,

<1.-9; , He =sa,w' ‘the. layout non, the what's the use‘o£_—=Wha.t's’‘:that?‘’ ‘. V
tﬁhlea ~1\/Iechanicallv »he,.got up and went toward S.l1d_deI1_1Y‘_.u._pon the 'sti1l'eaijly morning hi”
'9‘.  Picking up the bottle, for the. sense of thirst ‘ﬂoated the ‘sound of 1 9.. girlish‘ voice sinfin f in
 strongupon him. he Smelt 0'3 1'0» then. tasted a low,‘ sweet tone a, song that thrilled‘ acﬁ to‘
 it‘,':and;then took a long drink. ’ It refreshed him the core and sent the blood in excited‘ pulsation
‘ somewhat, and he. ate a. little. oi! two or three‘ through his veinsp It wasnot anative‘g'irl', in
of he dishes without any special relish. . a native song. It was asong familiar to ‘the,
: akin: another drink. ‘he was about to return. boy--I-a song that had aroused the enthusiasm
1;q~‘3;he.cha,ir when his eyes rested on the couch. thousands of Southern’ hearts.duri'ng the warm
jlrappealed to,.him, and. he stretched-Vhimself Secession—--“l‘_Iaryland,“My Meiryland.” ;No on
/upon it in a weary way. i _ but an American, and «a Southern girl, at the; ,
.'ye'.;ninutes later he was sound asleep. When _ was likely to sing it under the circumstances: "
*e._a‘woke hqurs afterward it was night and 3 , “My heavens!” breathed Jack. “There is
tone lamp, ﬁlled W1th‘I1'l11St8.I‘d oil, was burning other prisoner inthis l)uilding~—in the» next 1‘0§l111;,
"ark niche in the_wall. 1 He_ rose greatlsy re’ —an American girl. «And she, like in’ self-, is
.’f1"éshed with his wits about him once more. A-V slated -for the sacriﬁce. Great Scott! g o,_ thin '
profound silence rested all around. Walking, to that ha gm, and Que of my own coungrywomem
the ‘ ouenarrow window he looked out. The should be up_ against such 9. fate! J I must it’
ung moon was hanging 111“? 3 'S11V91’ crescent and communicate with her. If ’I .neededva‘x¥'
th.

5
5
Q4
‘:3?
‘.9
v:
s:
o
3

n"the western sky. ' ‘ ~ _ . thing‘ tospur me into actioniit isthis girl.
»The arching ﬂrmament was unclouded and save her I will take any1risk—moY'e even
fillianhwith stars. Before him lay the square, to save myseify g. , y . . ._ x
$1311 ﬁnd deserted; With_the ..t1'€8S _ and }_1011SeS i As the chorus of the second verse t-riiledﬁso‘
ejxdnd, while the mountam reared itself in the through the wall or partition intersectingsthe _ t
extreme 'perspe<;tiv.e. . y rooms, Jaclg crossed the ﬂoor. He reached
,.*.‘,Am. Idreaming or am 1 really a prisoner in" Wall as the words"“Maryland, my Mary1angIi"*
_héL"hands of the headhunters, with the pros-‘ ended In achoking sob.    ‘
ect of becoming a sacriﬁce to their gods?” he _“HOW- shall I attract her. attention?” he-ask‘ ‘
shed himself. .“Need I ask myself that question b1mS&1f- _ BY pounding 011,?-he wal or address
itemwhsat Irvegone through? wzhem-V are Sam mg her in English?!» My voice may arouse-with
'a.<Mike, and what are they doing now? .Have priest?» and bruisr one of_ them here. 1 Perks
_efy given me uo ‘for lost, and are making their If I S1118‘ theY_W111 not notice. It-” _ ’, . V‘
d the coast as fast as they can‘? If J?«Ck th0l1Eht’ 51 m0m8nt; 9-ndfhen 59-Hg: in
can hardly blame them, for how cou1d’ clear tenor tone, a few bars of the Southe‘
i V hVe\mé frc1u)m the fate whisk has oveiigttekéan 7 S0Ilg..W1th ~W01'dS».0f:h1S OWIII '. y - i
 . r" two‘o o toamuiue ' ~ -‘ - V

ghed tlilelilrgyligeg wlhiild surldijy "e sacriﬁced. Be: - (‘WE are -"'0"-1' lady’ m‘3'Y~I ask’ ' 
ides, how could they trace me here? Well, these » T 9m Mmland: Sweet M31343-Yldv’ ‘
»a'-ilcalsisliall never: make ..a\ living sacriﬁce of. v '°Lf:1Y;1§:&"‘ﬁ1;ha1l.Pe my task’
‘ _ . : ,'.'‘‘‘‘‘'

 
  
  
  
     
   
    
        
        
    
   
        
    
  
        
     

  

  

    
 
 

    

 

    
  

    
    
      
 
  
    
      
     
  

    

 
   
  
 

.._‘ I‘ have my rﬁvolvferl still with si:§(»carti%§l}ges _ . ’;' V _
1jn‘_it besides. a ox ,u 1- in my poc_ et. . en =A1ow' girlish Scre-am“ t 1. u t “h-  .-
$h,e_y’com_e tof lead me forth there, will be some: heard ahiovement in.the12I:d‘3?oirniI1iiged1~oo11?_"aw‘-r V]
/Hirig‘ doing, and the last shot. Ill reserve for “Who are ,x_7ou?’f ‘came throiigh the partition’. :
ﬁ1Y$61f‘- ' “An American boy,'miss. .My name is_ Jae ‘

Feeling hungry, Jack went to the table and _— Jordan.‘ ’_I‘ell me ’who you are.”( . .
anod up most of the food, ﬁnishing the wine. “Virginia Rainsf01‘d,_ an ‘American girl.’ 1:;
‘_€T'hat’s a good, lay~out" for a savage bill~.of— ‘a‘p'I’1S0l'l.£}l‘ in this room. I Wasicaptured byfth
‘er I suppose these are the rations that the natives two weeks ago’ and ’brought»here.“-7C
ig'.~*bug_s live on. The old man told me that they you save me?” _ ~ V; _, .-
‘ Ihiimwell while .he was avprisoner. I won‘- _ “I. don’t know.’ miss, for Ifm a prisonm--1
' lie was" in this room? I-Iesaid those who,‘ , yourself, but I intendfto tryyha-rd to inak ‘

   
 
  
    
     
    
    
   
  
      

  

if
—“to be sacriiiced‘to' the chief deity are-always escape’ and take you .with,~me.” - 
ated‘ line. They are allowed. everything but “If you‘ only could I should be grateful ‘to
 I' suppose there arejtwo or three, weeks _ as long as I live.” ‘ ' ' ' _
iizhatysort of thing ‘before’ me. Maybe I may “Well, I’ll do the best I can. I. was captu "
able, to make my escape in-‘that time, who myself three‘ days ago" on the banks of a:'-""
ws?’V’  , _ i s ’ river‘ running to the -sea, ‘and '-I"ve. only  
ri Jack got thinkingabout the great ~treas- in this place afew hours. Keep up your —-spin‘ _
the old man had told him about——a treasure and out your trust ‘in me. ' If.u-it.”s possible;/£i§§i§$3r4r‘<
ough .to*pav a large part of the national y. me to rescue youyl-“will gdloﬁso evenifv W " ‘ ‘
‘ me »n_at1'ons iii»-‘t e. ‘ancient native’s e,sti.—A  lose my lifevthe .attempt_.” v  ' '

    
 
  
 

      

         
   
 
 
  

   

  
 
   

 
 
   
     
     

             

   
   
  
 
 
 
    
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
   

, «Thank you for saying so._ I wish I could see
I. “you”. . ‘ —  ‘  .

9% “"‘Perli‘aps‘ you’ll- have the chance in*a' little
" while. "I see morning is dawning, so perhaps
we had better not converse any longer for’ the

at any time.” ' p v , ~ _ ,

‘V "I will. You don’t knowwhat a comfort it is
 me toknow that I have a friend near at_han_d
—-one I can talk to" sometimes. Your voice is
the-ﬁrst familiar one I’ve heard since I was
‘taken prisoner.” ~ ’
= j “I’m glad my presence here cheers you. Dong
forget my Se,-V1.ces, and even my life, are dﬁvote
to, you from this moment. I meant to, ma e mi?
escape if I could, but now I shall not stir a Stﬁp
unless I cantake you with me.‘ Gg>’0d'bY £91’ t 3
, present. I hear some one coming.

Jack left the partition and threw himself on
the bed Footsteps sounded in the corridor out-
side the door,‘ but they passed on without Pal-15'
ing, and again there was silence. Morning had
broken however. and sounds came to Jack s ears
rpm 5 distance. He went to the window and
looked out. Scores of the_natives were $01118
about their daily occupations. TI§.otl'IléI_1g‘ ‘$7:-(51
doing as yet about the square. e_ 1118’
‘his ‘household were not yet awake, neither were
the court officers on the opposite side. . .

" — The mountain range looked cold and forbidding
at that hour, like the walls and battlements or
a huge fortress. Thev were not as impregnable
‘as they looked, for there were many passes and
rugged ravines through which a resolute enemy
could have found entrance into the valley. The
valley of the head hunters, however, had not been
threatened by a foe strong enough to force a
serious issue for a verv 10112‘ tiH_1€- Th€.V hf‘
‘conquered all the surrounding tribes in detail.
Had those natives combined against them the re—
-Zélllt might have been different. .
» Jack remained at the window till the door was
opened and his morning meal was brought to him.

" After eating it he went to the wall and got into

mmunication again with the fair prisoner In

the next room. With his case knife he cut _a

good-sized hole in the partition, and through this

each was enabled to view the other. Jack found
ﬁiat Virginia -Rainsford was .a very pretty girl

‘of rather small stature-. . I

* ‘He learned from her that she had accompanied

:her uncle and Piuardian to the. town‘ of Asaba,

‘on theNiger River, Africa, to visit another uncle

who was a missionary at_that,pIace.. They had

spent a pleasant month_ with the Rev. Mr. Rains-

‘ford, andwere preparing to leave on a sailing

.«vessel bound for Cape Town, to connect_«tli_ere

with a steamer forfNew__Y0rk. When an 111‘'1?9-‘

tioh arrived from a missionary about a hundred

gmiles further in'th_e interior for_ her two uncles
and herself to visit him and his family. The
invitation was accepted and thev went to the

town‘, in question. , .

,One day it was arrhnged to visit some ancient
gins in the neighborhood. They went, and while

vstrolling around were suddenly attacked by_ a

arty of strange natives. During the confusion
atensued Virginia said, she became separated

 her party and fell, into. the  .
‘ tile: blacks,-. who retreated’ with her inwtheir

 

 

 

present. Be on the watch, for I may call to you c

of the s-

   
 

AA FAVIORLITETOF FATE  -     «V15.

hands.

house.

She had since been treated with the utmost".
consideration, but was not allowed to leave the 2
room where she was conﬁned. She waswaited ’
on by a maid from the palace who could speak '

a little English, but the native girl could not be

induced, to make any disclosures regarding her..~l"‘

ultimate fate. The chief» priest, she said, seemed
to be a very intelligent native.

with him. —
She said that she greatlv distrusted this man

on account of his sinister looks, and suspected ’
‘Jack listened to 

he had some_ design upon her.

her with interest. He did not care to tell her

that she was designed, like himself, as a sacriﬁce 
to the head god at the annual festivities which?‘

were soon to take place, for such intelligence was

likely to throw her into a ﬁt of despair. As he » ‘

intended to save her and himself if he could, he

wanted her to be in a condition to second his 

eﬁorts. He \told her how he and his -two com-

panions had sailed from New York as part of '

the crew of a pleasure yacht, the owner of which

expected to make an extended cruise around the f f
world. After stopping at the Azores, Madeira 
and Canary Islands, they had sailed down the . 
coast of Africa, intending to round the Cape of‘--

Good Hope and shape their course for the Indian
Ocean.

“We put in at St. Louis in Senegal, andvthen ‘

stopped at Free Town in Sierra Leone,” he went

on. “Leaving there, our next stop was at Mon- 
‘rovia, in Liberia. Then we skirted the Ivory and
Gold coasts, always keeping‘ within sight of the ’ ’
Had we kept further out to . _ »
sea matters would have fared better with us;

African continent.

The owner of the yachtghowever, wanted to dro
in at many of the larger native towns and vi-
lages along the entire coast. He was curious, I

suppose, to observe the manners and customs of 

the diﬁerent native tribes. As he could afford

to do as hechose, why, of course, -he had his Way. E ' '

When we reached the Bight of Biafra, north of

Cape Campo, we were struck by a sudden and‘;_. V
ﬁerce storm from the westward. We were driven " ,. 2:;
ashore on the desolate coast and the yacht I “7

wrecked. All hands, including the owner, were

lostexcept myself and my two friends of, whom "

I have not seen or heard for three days!“ ,

Jack then described their adventures from that: 

point to the time he was captured by the scout-

ing party of natives, and separated from his :

companions. He told her of the terrible "march

from the river to the valley where he now was,  L
and said he was only recovering from its effects, 7 4.,
He said he had a revolver and a knife on his = .1
person, and expected those weapons would be  /
of service in helping him to escape, and again . s
assured her that he would not desert her if he

found a way to give their captors the slip.

It was mid-dav by the time he finished his nar- ‘

ration, and as he expected his dinner would soon
be forthcoming, and she herself. looking for the
coming of

.~

After; 9. long, forced ‘march she was 
ﬁnally brought to the valley iwherevshe now ‘
was, and turned over to the priests of the idol?»-‘

He was able tom?
speak English with great ﬂuencv. He had visited —=-_
her several times, and had on his last visitithe 
day before intimated that her fate rested wholly '

tliemaid, they postponed further talk;
till" later’ on. - _ ' _ . _,

  V “A"FAiroR~i'i*Ef0F""FATE  ’

CHAPTER 1X.~—'i‘lie_ Temple of the Gods.

‘ ' ‘lWhile waiting for his dinner Jack made a care-
ffulexamination of his prison room. It was built
of the same‘ material as the partition, namely

‘ osier twigs and a kind of plaster made of mud

mixed with some tenacious stuff. The twigs were
~i‘iit’erl_aced ‘with upright tree limbs of various
/thicknesses, carefully trimmed of their branches.
These facts Jack had learned when he carved
the openingwith his sharp knife into the next
room.’ He had been careful to make the hole close
to therend of the partition furthest from the win-
ow, where it was likely to attract notice.

. —’ 9 Neither room was very deep, being wide along

’the’ front of thebuilding, more like a spacious
corridor intersected with walls. Jack judged
here were 'other rooms behind his. This, how-

ever, was not a fact, as he afterward discovered.

, he idol room, which rose to a height of two

.-stories and something over, was at the rear of

,/his room and Virginia's. The window of Jack's

1’room,'as. well as that of the adjoining apart-
inent,*was, ‘as we have already stated, very nar-
row;h but what it lacked in width it made up in
-ei" t. r ‘ » ~ .

. 3% was impossible to push one’s head through

]it,'_let alone the body. The door was made of

T dwood. It swung on hinges made of a kind
6f‘hid[e that/time rendered as hard as ﬂint with-
out -destroying its elasticity. How it was se-
‘cured on the outside Jack could not guess. He

pk-new, from trying, it, that it wouldn’t budge a

xbit. .,,The cei‘ling'.itself was tall andimpossible

_ tdreach without a ladder. '

. The result» of the boy's investigations was that
the weak ‘point of the room lay in its walls. Time
and _a sharp‘ knife would reduce them to frag-
fments. Jack was the first prisoner who had ever

‘entered one of those rooms with a knife in his
p?b‘ssession,»not speaking of the revolver. Why

, _ ,'l:iad not been searched and the weapons taken

from him wasa problem to the boy. The under

,,p'riests"either overlooked the knife, thehandle of

,which was visible in its sheath, or had not re-
garded it as a matter of consequence. _
~‘!;‘Ls'the sequel will .show, the knife was worth
more to Jack than the shooter, though had he
leen‘ compelled to choose between them he would
a’,,ve*discarded the former.

j.‘fTo-"night, when all is still, I must devote m

" nergies to cutting an openin through the wal
arge enough to pass through,’ thought Jack. “A

-similar opening I must make in the partition _so
asfto et Miss Rainsford out. Then we'll make

An hour later, while Jack and Virginiawere
, ngthrough the hole, a sound at each of their
gloorswarned them to call it off. Jack sneaked
over to the window and was looking out when
the two priests who had charge of him entered.
The Jnade signs for him to follow them, and
.» efel compelle ‘to obey. One ‘went before and
the other ‘came behind him, Each held a short
spear in hlS- hands. J acki was marched down-
stairs and led into the idol _r.oom. Virginia was
arched in from an opposite door, latterided by
9 other priests. , , e  ~ ~
jﬁgthg were lined upbefore the monst,er,idol,in
the-center of ihe’r.loom.i Theron: priests ‘Ct. ired:

arms, nor legs, representing a central

leaving them_ uite alone. The girl was ‘terriﬁed’
by the horrlbe grotesque ﬁgures of the idols
that ﬁlled_ up one side of the room, which.wa

covered with a peaked roof made of green‘tha£i:}r,
thr._oug_h which the light but dimly ﬁltered, The;
main idol, before which they stood, was an ‘
mense image, squatting tailor fashion on a pod

iestal. apnarently or solid ebony, though that

wasn't what it was really made of.

It was human in all respects, though not well
pitoportioned-—the legs , being small, the trunliel
large and massive, the four arms long and or
powerful build, while the head, but we wo” ‘-
describe that, since the horror was typiﬁedliii
the malevolent expression of its countenance" was
small in comparison with the body. The 
thing was fashioned out of dried mud and plaster '
and the artist who executed it must have dond
so while laboring under a condition similar it‘
the delirium tremens. - " "

It would have looked re ulsiv f‘ . 
full glare of daylight, bull‘. her‘¢aa,erilI(i?u%l1i“e1ge‘£1}i€
gloom of the temple, it gave one the shiver;-:.'ti"l')
contemplate it. Jack stood the ordeal well, for‘-
he was a boy of nerve, and he knew it was but
3 5811591955, inanimate object, like the others. ‘Two.
much smaller idols ﬂanked the big one on elm“
side. One with eight arms had the head of-"an;
elephant.‘ ' . , , ,.  i 

Another possessed the bod of a li ‘ I ’ v
head of a python, with a negk yards 01Idn:'fld"1€}li§
third had a rotund figure with a male face; ‘ ‘
its stomach, and two necks towhich wejm "gt.-7
tached female heads. The fourth was the most‘
hideous of the quartette, and had neither
. _ leamin
sun, with long feelers like those of the evil-ﬁg»
radiating from and swaying ‘around in every
direction. ' r:=  V:

The sun-face gleameddike molten brass, 

_the ﬂeshy-looking feelers seemed to glow, wit ‘

a phosphorescent 1‘ ht, t‘ d -
trid ﬁsh. Around1%he ::cli(sm:§1tIliﬁ>sse.(id}d1?:ift}n}
plosslesssed them were hung necklaces of human
s u . '
_Pyramids of the same hideous tro h'“es* ’
piled at their feet. ' The main idol wazfglarnighd
with skulls. Skulls festooned the walls'14o'f’ " ‘

ened, he ventured to place his arm ‘around ér
asda sign that he would protect her at all‘ 
ar s. o l ‘ ,. ‘

:-

His touch seemed to reassure h r  “
smiled itifully, in his face. To he: 333;. 
_ never forgot the. horror "she ifaced,‘*“'
the idol house, and many a time afterwa"rd'>.
scene was reproduced in her dreams. H _ ,
The worst was yet to come, and the seem
naturalness of it almost staggered even Ja A
nerves...‘ A rstrange, weird sound, graduallyg
mg louder, _issued from the head of ,the= ,
deity. As it ﬂooded the room .thev».fouré<mi;iio1r

images seemltoawaken into life and »'inptigzi., 
Eyes of these,1epha’,nt*head. began. to ;r'af]1"aa,§d 

;av9d.in..the’ mps Ilatuliﬁlf . _

    
    
   
 
  
   
  
  
    
  
   
    
  
     
    

world; ,’I‘he neck of the python imitated the,
movements of that reptile to a nicety. i V‘
Its ‘mouth opened, and its red forked tongue.
’ ’ n to play in and out in a most unpleasant
agncﬂsuggestive _way. The female heads noclded
toward the prisoners, while the central acée
,ag:¢e'med to grin horribly as it opened and shut 1 5
wide‘ mouth. Last of all the feelers around the
£‘a’n’s face squirmed and reachedout like living
things. ‘Virginia uttered a shrill scream an_
fainted, J ack catching her in his arms. Instantly
llsound ceased and the four small idols became‘
. otionless as at ﬁrst.
7 * .“This is most extraordinary/" gasped Jack.
new in thunder are these thingsiworked?
never saw anything more natural in my life. If
I had this show in New York I’d make IIIY 5°?‘
‘tune with it, that is if the audience would stand
v‘ ' 77
 four priests ,now'_ reappeared. Two ‘Of
 reliev d Jack of his burden and_can-ie V
_ -off, whi the boy was led back to his root?
wearing through the hole as soon as_ he was 1_e t
, lone, he saw the_ native maid trying to bring
t‘u'nconsci011S girl to her senses. When she
ceeded Vir 'nia nearly relapsed into a fit.
*i“,T’I‘he scoun rels,” muttered Jack, W110 W?«S,n,?W
greatly interestedin the fair Southern girl,» to
Sect her to such a terrible ordeal. Why It
lguire‘ me the shivers myself, ’and I can stand a

 

    
  
  
  
 
    
  
  
 
        

. 3 th‘ b t a kind of hocus-pocus worked by
3:5-s§%rié§1§: ililside of the idols, but it was av$f11_l1Y
 just the same." « _ ’ _ _‘

hen the native _maid ‘succeeded in quieting
fgfmia, after administering a _strong_ stimulat-
&1¢ig?"win’e, she retired and was immediately suc-
weeds-d by the head priest, who regarded the poor
igirlvwith malicious triumph. ' He was atall, stal-
lart man, with a handsome face, but his natural

ndl the wicked, sensuous expression about his

"r~. _n permitted" toyisit the temp e of our gods.
. }';e5r,_ have gazed upon you and declared you
{die —fai'rest, ofthe beauties that cgme out of the
§w’es1;,*. What‘ think. you of them?  _
,  fma shvudderedeand hid her face in her
To‘.-ruorrow you shall visit them againébu
+a1reg1ie,’i he said, with an evil look. i

‘Y o, no, no!” she moaned. , ‘
‘The, gods have willed it, and I dare not thwart
‘irf-wishes.”_ . ~ ‘ . _ .
_«"‘f;A/,IlYl:h_i‘I1‘g but that. I shall die‘ if I am taken
‘re again.” A _ _ V *
Anything, say you?" and his face lighted up
\ Kan’ unholy smile. “G11-1,, do you wish to
__ the fate that has been allotted to you? ,You
ebeenrselected asthe new bride of the great

 

      
        
      

   
   

    
      
     
  

Oh!” ﬂuttered Virginia.

ers of our valley in a robe, you will -be led
_'ft’o;the altar outside, and in thepresence
13 people, , ur spirit‘ will ‘separate itself from
b9dy.,.end§beco,nm the;
 .0)‘: the  ‘ ‘I Y

  
    

     
 
  

, «Then 7°‘v1T}3a east?

 ‘A diatoms  FA

.joy life in'the great capitals‘ of the world. '1 _I,

_ will return this evening for your answer.

wliolé lot more than she. The whole performance . you

.. where you‘ can pick your choice of gems worth a«

ﬁeauty was spoiled by the evil look .in his eyes, *
Youth. He stood and looked at her with folded

immsz 7' . . _ J u ,- e’ the door, and Virginia was left alone.
 “Girl,” he said, in excellent En lish, you have ,

_ her, feelings a wild scheme ﬂashe

Y ful voice, “you don't know what I‘have-——._”.

- between’ you and that rascally priest. ‘ But don’t:
. i , call m‘e.Mr. Jordan. ‘Call ‘me Jack. Our situa
en ‘days hence, bedecked with the fairest‘

    

Proirerty of out Iordf
* :3;

       
  

     

      
  

 

your husband, there to remain as long as he
wishes. Such, girl, is your fate, as decreed by,
the deity himself." 7‘  '

“Mercy, mercy!” cried Virginia, in a paroigysmn
of terror. — ‘ ,

“Girl, there is one chance for you to escape,;.'._;.,
this fate. This is the thousandth annual festivals A,
of our great deity, and in an unguarded moment
as a favor to one who has served him, lon ahl 
faithfully, ‘he offered to grant any wish, w howt -
reserve, that I should ask of him. I will ask your
life of him, on one condition, and that is that...
you become my wife with your own free will.
Consent, and not only shall you escape your fate‘
fbut, loaded with partiof the treasure of the moun
tain, we will ﬂee to Europe, and thenceforth Gn-

  
   
  
 
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
     
   
  
  

leave ymi now to consider my offer. It is the
only chance you have to escape your fate’ on tli
altar. I’ amvthe only person who can save you;
Think well before you refuse. Consent, and you —
willbe the only one who has cheated the god,-
icn one thousand years of «his anticipated ‘vie-i“
im. . , .
“Have pity on me,” cried the girl. _.

“Am I not showing you pity when I offer you’:
a life of luxurious ease in the great 'world it
place‘ of a painful death on the altar? G:'-rl,r,_ ,
o

prove to you that I can do all I say, I will take, ’
by 9. secret tunnel to the treasure chamber"

 

kin ’s ransom. You shall have jewels worth Va"
miljon, ‘and I will ..take as many more to turn
into cash. The maid who attended you shal.l.a'c—.-,
company us to wait on ydur slightest wish." In‘
four days we shall reach Cabul, on the coast.
Thence, We sail for Cape Town, where we will
take ‘a steamer for the Mediterranean by wayi
of the Red Sea. The chance I- offer you- is oiie‘.
you ought to jump at. Adieu mow till this eves}

nin .’ i _
. Vgith those words the rascal retired by way’ 0‘

 

CHAPTER X.—A‘-Woman's Promise. ‘

The departure of the ‘high priest left Virginia‘;
almost in a state‘ of collapse. ‘Jack felt dead‘-
sorry for her, but even as he symgxatliized with"

through this‘?
brain. It occurredto him that if the girl I was
willing to co-operate with him their escape iniéh
be greatly simpliﬁed and made surer. Finall‘-‘
he spoke to her through the hole, but he liacl“t'o*
call several times before she heeded. his voice»
andcame to him. —— ' ~ ‘ i '

“Oh, Mr. Jordan," she said in a broken, tear;

     
  

 

  
  
      
  

   
     
       

“Yes, I do. _ I know all that has just passe

   
  
 

tion is too desperate for us to stand on cere-
mony. I’ll call you Virginia. If we are fortunate
enough to ‘make our -escape we can be less fa,mi'liar.=
i_n ‘our intercourse. Remember I am the. an‘):
friend you have ,to»,call ’on»now., I will stand ~
on to the last.-#39 for ”l2l1.‘§5‘l3i11‘Ile being at I

  
 

   
   
         
  

     
 

      

.~w must act e aid

    

  13?

me now,” she. sai , mournfully. :

f"‘Why not now?” he=asked, almost sharply,

,‘—.‘Because I shall be murdered unless I marry
that man who was in here.” ,

‘,‘Nor_isense !
be murdered if I can help it.”
, “How can you prevent it?

‘ ‘evening’. for my answer. I must say yes or

“The ladies. don’t always say yes right away
to a proposal. They like to keep a man on a
A string, when they’re sure of him. Well, you’re
"sure of that villain, so you want to play him

 for all‘he’s worth.’’ ,

‘ “How can I if he insists, on an immediate an-
swer?”
' "Let him insist. Put him off, but do it in a
way that will e courage him to believe that you'll
yield in the end‘. Take it from me he's dead set
on getting you, and won’t let you be sacriﬁced
to those senseless gods as long as there’s a chance
of bringing you to terms. He and the rest of
, the priestly gang are all in cahoots. ’They know
' f that there isn’t anything in those idols than in
~. any other kind of inanimate object. They are
fooling the people, from the King down, and
are laughing in their sleeves at the easy way
8 in which the game works.” ' .
‘ . “Oh, but those awful things move and seem
to have life,” said the girl, with a shudder at
, the recollection of what. she had experienced in
1”’ ‘ the‘ idol room.
“All fake, Virginia. They are rigged up with
strings and springs, or some other kind of mech-
‘ anjsm, and the priests hide themselves inside and
‘pull the wires that make them wiggle.” '
“They are horribly life—like.”
. “That’s right, they are for fair. I'll admit
that they gave me a turn, though I knew there
was nothing real about them, and I don’t won-
, tier that they paralyzed you. But what’s the
 use of talking about them? Only a waste of
’ ‘time, and time is precious to us ‘just now. Do
you know what I want you to do.”

 

He is coming this
2

 

 

  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  

, “Well, listen. I think vou can do more for
‘ our’escape than I can.” .

. ,‘fH'ow?’’ she asked in surprise.

“By using that high priest for our benefit.”
"I -don’t understand.’ I
-’‘He_ told you that he would take you,to—night
* tofthei treasure room ‘-in the mountains in order
to«,'.prove to you that he could load you with
wels. "(Now I» want you to go with him will-

.f“1I;)on’t scream out. I don’t want any of the
priests to" hear us. I’ll tell you why I want you
. mgo». It’s because I want you to learn the secret
. road to the treasure cave. I’m after that treas-
'-ure-—the treasure of these head hunters. Now
that we’re on the ground we might just as well
‘ carry some of it awav with us. A few hand-
iuls of the precious stones-the rubies, diamonds
and such, w.ould make us wealthy in America.
At any rate, it would make me rich, and I need
' the money. You _may be rich yourself——that is,
' four people, I mean; but it’s*diﬁ"erent with me.

If. I get half a chance I’m not going back to
'th coast empty handed. You vaccompanythat
 this evening and keep your eyes, open

   

.‘ .‘ ' ,\

'A.FAVO-RITE 0F'F1lT~E“I - 

. “I’ll do anythin you-want, but you can’t_ save ~_

..»isadI’ll—btth '4 -‘ ‘X.
You shall neither marry him nor ’ n e ere 18' persuade hm) to Show  n

in‘ _the~treasure cave ready-to take‘along”—

  
   

while_i~,pr_etending .to,-notice nothing. see; yﬁgef
Im’ gettingat? When you reach the cave, try
W ﬁnd.0l1.tj.f1‘0I!l..hll'n' if there’s a way‘ out into '
the mountains from the. place. If he says tliere-T“”g"l

  
   
  
   
   
  
   
  
   

you.’ You ought to be smart enough to fool him. 
You re an awfully pretty girl, and he’s stuck on .;
you. You ﬁnd out the lay of the land. and then
I_ll get busy and we’ll make use of the informa- ,
t1_°71 V011 Secure, and We’ll ﬂy together either to- 
night or to-morro_w. Now will you do that?’’.’' ’ i '7
f Yes, Jack, I will. I will do_ anything yousay,’ :‘
or _I feel you are my true friend and will save 'j
me if you can.” ~ ;

th“That’s right. If you and I can slip away by I
h e secret exit from this temple building it will
‘e p usd ggleatly. ’ We won t be missed .t1ll morn-.
ing, an en we 11 be far on our wayin a direc-2:
ign not suspected. You must try and ﬁnd out 
Zvveerretmge c}an get some p-I‘.0V1S1OIlS to carry its
fruit en ﬁat  t i:)lI1101t)ab!ll be able to pick "up.
we take ” e, u a W1 depend oh the route
Virginia was greatly encouraged b J k’ " In .
gram, and by his_ bold and self-asgerifige  
ner. Like the majority of her sex, she admired ,.‘
3 St1:‘011g, masculine Will—a real man. It is true,,,_,,. '
ﬂilic Wlas itiotl a man, but he had the making of '
he I3, a_r _ic e,_ and that fact was so self—evideiit J
t lait irginia yielded at once to his wishes. Jack, ;
tg. ed Walth her some time longer, explaining his 
i ea_in . etail until she herself became quite en-
thusiastic _over it. * B_oth forgot the_peril of their
:1sl‘él;3I.)lZOl"l in the excitement of their anticipate
At 1eng‘th'thev broke away as the time la y,.-: (
proacéied when they expected their suppers _to 3“
seiivih toVi_:hein._ The cleaned up the dishes, j
an_ en irginia awaited the appearancewof the
32:3 £’ifé°';§“....."i‘.‘”;1‘ .i‘.*“i.".33.fi"t‘“"‘.’1‘a‘*‘1”.‘*“‘}§‘- 1“ “:3  
c ar e I
therefore hard to fool. Y 1 e’ a _ . ~
“But,” he had added, “the sharpest man in the
world can be fooled by the_woma_n he’s sweet 
$]r1i;ls‘<:upl’ay your cards well, little girl, and you'll
. ’ ., ' 7
The high priest came at last' for his answer, *
and was pleasantly surprised to find the_ girl-in;
l:ét‘z<}e‘1é igiliéiti than he expected. Jack, listening
_ _ . , eard all that passed between them... A
Virginia told him that she ,didn’t want to marry »~
him, but would rather do it than lose her life;
The rascal grinned complacently. Then shesaid ;
that she would want him to give her some‘ proof
that he could do all he said he could before she .
would ﬁnally make her decision. _ '
I “I air}, t}he heald ‘Juan here and can do anything 1
wan e rep ie . . ;
“Are, you telling me the truth about that treas- 1
ure?” she asked. _ '
“You shall see» for yourself. Come with me
and I will let lyoicilr eyes fgaﬁ on iinore wealth
an mos eo e ream o e . I ~
“But canp"O€, dare you, take aifgjlof it away??{
“Nothing will be easier. Long ago I  M4,} ,
my plans to that effect when the right moine:rit‘iiI,“?"‘%$

   

‘_‘dWe would not travel without provisions,”  .
aai . « V . < .  ~.
‘.‘Leave that to me. I have provisions ..in;p.1’

/

  

    
   
   

we    _
oi treasure as well??-

'9rie. dia._'mond..~.alon_e ..is worth $25,000.
 ruby worth $20,000‘. Those tw.o_, stones.
resent-,9. small, fortune. A h ,ndful>.of
es_ I hav_e,\.selecte,d will sell -for o,er»$2§'0,-,.
; hink, then, of-a dozen handfuls. .-We can
'  much.. You shall have your choice
uréelf, andwe will live on the rest an
95; fe. Come, let us go.” V  «
,0 Virginia went with him, and Jack im-
-' tlv ‘awaited her return.» They vcameback
our." '_ ~ . - * y 
, you -will give me my answer/’.‘he said. 
Wa1t—;—tha_t ‘boy who ‘was with me in the idol.
‘5. ' Is he to be sacriﬁced to your gods?” she

    

   

  
  
 
 
   

  

  

‘.7” asked the priest with. a’ frown. . .
"‘ ’e’i_s, _a countryman of mine and I would save
2 . ‘ . - ‘

J3. vcannotlsave him. You are lucky to save
:1 ‘I"refuse your offer, and will share his
7, less he goes with us far enough, to insure

’ gfety. »What do you care? You are leav~
V. , . t .'eSe~

   
     
 
    
 

‘ an : I fw'il1. accept, your offer.”
er‘y_.»well. He shall come if I
_ss_en‘ted the high -priest.

‘u’ ‘aid you could do

 
       
 

can‘ mauaée ‘

  

  

'is.a ring"I brought to bind our troth. It
or-th~= $5,000. Let me ‘put’ it on your ﬁnger.”
' inia offered her hand, and he put it or'1_
er.it ﬁtted.’ ’ '

I pW'yo,u are m1ne,”‘he said, ti-iumphantly. I

    
 
  
  
  

 

He‘- shall escapee? Be satisﬁed.— We are now
and wife.” I I  «  7
, Notzso ”, she said, drawinmback... “Our,»ur;ion‘
ustfbeb essed by a minister o£ my OW“ 'Ch-11fI‘¢'3h-”»
Ve’rv‘)we1l,”_.he said, reluctai1t1y.”_“We’ll ﬁnd
ary at Cabul. Now adieu till tomorrow

  
      

no fear." Werel not already your slave
*te‘1vvould‘be certain, as certain as the sun

it marrow.” ’ ~ ‘ V ’ ‘ I’  u 
rear ed-her hand-to -«her lips and withdrew.

, .1’.

   
    

I

l V Hunters. _

  
    

a. mi:nut'e:s.iVirg’inAia' ran'_to the holeiiixliv
”~,s said‘ eagerly. U - .1 I
1-he.t,eplieVd._t_,,>. ’ '
or; ‘heard 'Vl,7’l'l3}‘l‘. he. said?’’‘ 
r ‘ J ‘ 

    

 

onse and,«a::1hi_1lionr.l
i~  ..' {,1 -5- ‘rt./'.y0ur W
 _'..I have thegmosti-valuable gems -al—.»..
"picked out, .-They, will take ‘lP.»,but little,_-

.‘§Wl1y‘jV'dp.’,jyou wish to kn.ow‘.7 What i_siheftb.l

eople'£orever,.‘~ Agree to help hirn to  V V ,
— ’passag_e connectingwith the cave?”
anything. I Let me Se,e_'_. .

. §>11o§r_e,1t-”   1  e
“P 1 prove it. We will start to-marrow. mght._ 9”
 suppose.

‘ conceived of. ‘It is mostly in bars of‘gb1d.a

es, if that boy escapessz she reniied, quietly... ‘dréds °f:them’ ‘Then the jewels! They are 1-°‘l°‘i*"

" ‘, °h0i<=est- ones‘; and You know where. they are.” 1
hit.” v "

,' meat, with rice cakes arid’ hottt1es,oi“win‘e,_not to

lhtl-'V. Keel? “Y5“I1" W0I‘..d éﬁd I'll liléelil. speakvof‘otherx_things.?{— ~

8 , , . .
e‘.said;’.“b’u't iii‘ are not good to

I§~r1‘ER XI.——The Treasure of the H,ead-_  .4.faH,,aéts.aS'a‘scréeﬁ,. thaws any.

' P

' I .3 ’- .'

 

  
    
  
   

 

, and-(‘)§ive‘»h.irn.‘thej1eh5inl:e:~to‘_inake 5&5 .
d, which"you~rdon’t‘wa‘nt‘ to do Non

   

much. If you’re so anxious to get ma:-r,1ed~'
marry you myself.”:t A ‘  7' '_  .
::Oh, J’ack aren’t you'—:'—7—--’.’ . _ "-  V V’ I‘
_ Oh, I In n_ervy enough‘ to do anything. Ildon ,
mind admitting.-I’m ‘gone on you, too; ‘A pretty
girl like you IS not -to b‘eres'isted.' You’d make
a..monkey of_ any fellow. I h'ope4I haven't" mad
you mad.” , g. - = '»— » :~  .  ’
ta1k0hﬁa7;o;V-g;<;fE: of course not. Eut you 
“All right. ‘ I’ll»cut it out; but if ou-likedlzne
ha_l1{ as mt:::dh as I've learned to Iii e you, you’
W1 notimi ~it:’? ‘ - V ' ’ ’ ‘  V
:NotAenough to"ma1-ry t'_ne yet a while."
* “We're too young to think of that.’f 
intoNe?f¥e§1? th)£ret'I glldngeggagiyttﬁiiharworg
- m
on the subject. After I've savedyyou, w'e’1g1 paft
I ‘?’«‘i%’.§}‘i;S§é “y’é‘.‘. t'3e.?c13’3.‘i.L’v§3r»§'°§h'§‘Z';;.xa.a earh
estl .‘ ' . V’ * .
o‘:1‘§Ir~‘h;ank you for tlﬁgt assurance. I won't forget‘
yeamaédoany rate. ow tell me4,‘V.what have your
::Everything you wanted to know." l I , I , I
Good. .,You can lead the way to the secret

    
    

     
    

   
     
  
     
    
    
   
     

      
  

     
 

  
   
   
   

z .

— MI’ , can‘?!

::‘Cap-ital.” 4;  _ _

a €;c.1.,1’nne1 Iundle-r_ th§,gHround.V_ and runs gulti
“Direct to the cave where the treasuge it,

      
  

    
    

\:

“Yes. Andyoh, Jack, such wealth I never have

   
   
  
  
     
   
 
 

531??-1’; ﬁnd éPe9«,t ivory tusks-—there a’re=hu

Wg:.coul‘du’t_,carry offhalﬁ of» them.” _
_ Never mind." _The priest has put aside the

   
        

 
 

. ".¥e'S:I.i,I1_:a kind of leatherybag with ajstra. “ta

  

“And the provisions?” e , . . *
“Tl_‘here arebasketszof dried fruits and. smo ed

   
  

  
   
      
      
    
 

“All in th’ ‘:;treasure‘cave‘?,”_i , . _
““Y€S» 1n_a11;__alcove off of_.it.” _ , : , 
. And the exit from ' the c‘a—ve—»what about
that?” . _ yr » _  »_ ~ ~ . -
.f‘a;;I”Vknow where it is. , It runs under aifwaté
J‘l1oesit.— Wen I don’t mind abath in ﬁns has
climate.” ‘ > «  "
(‘We can get out’ withou

    
    
      
 
   
 
     
  

    

t'.Tgs:.ttins wet. Th}

   

   
 

. ".“So much the better,
art,to-morrow night.” ‘
‘.‘Yes.- ‘

He has arranged told

 
 
 

 
 

ll get ahead; of him arldgo to—ni‘ght.”.
. _ lrovv.'will«we. get out of our rooms?” .
“I. have a knife.’ That shall’ carve our We...
Now go an 1" d, 'd,I’ll get bus out 

   
 
   
 
 
   

     

  

J W . jspace ‘large enough to permit him to squeeze
‘through into the girl’s room.

 

 they stood outside, ‘the -‘girl carrying the lamp in
' , her hand. _

‘ '- She did, with due caution, and he followed with
, ; his revolver cocked in his hand, fully determined

* p to make things hum if their escape was discov-
' ered. Their way led through the dreaded idol
room, __but the girl never ‘faltered, to a ﬂight of
stone steps that went down into the ground some
litge depth. They entered at the mouth of a
tunnel.

'.‘.Through the tunnel they walked, the lamp
throwing weird shadows .about them. It was
 long, but seemed to. be only artiﬁcial or
" by the hand of man. The greater part
d :to be a subterranean water course, long
}‘dried up. It carried them under the moun-
t‘a1;1_ ange to a point where they struck another
‘ ~ﬂigl=it.of stone steps, cut out of solid‘ rock. Up
these they went’ to a passage along which they
traveled for a hundred feet or so, when they came
out into a cave. It was not the treasure cave, but
'an".;_ante-chamber to it. A‘ great slab of stone
-stead against the wall close to the entrance, rest-
iiig"i~.jo'n a wooden base, slantin across the opening.

‘Evidently this 'was inten ed to close the en-

     
 
 

  

 

  

, ne strong man possessed toslide it into place.
Moving across this cave they entered the treas-
ure /cavern and then Jack saw enough wealth to
make hisrmouth water." It would have ﬁlled
more than one modern freight car——the gold ‘and
'lver wedges and the ivory tusks, and logs of
valuable wood that were piled roundabout.
most valuable part of the treasure, the precious
‘stones, occupied a com aratively insigniﬁcant
‘space-—‘a small bag, whic had been prepared by
th high‘ priests, and a larger one beside it.
irginia pointed ~to the small bag. Jack
aved his hands into it and pulled-out a score
I more of diamonds, and rubies of the first
water, not to mention other stones, ‘all ready for
the market. L
“With the .bag over one hip, a provision bag
his back, and another in Virginia’s arms, the
girl. led the way to the exit, before which ‘poured
1 own a great’sheet of water with a. dull roar.
Underneath this fall, along a ledge that was
slippery with moisture, they threaded their way
£31‘ ‘a short distance until they came out into a
wild and romantic‘ gorge. Whether to go up or
down the gorge was the problem that presented
' itself. To take the wrong way mightprove fatal
,~>_to- their hopes, for it might leadright back to the
,‘valley. As Jack stood debating‘ the matter he
heard a voice close at hand around an adjacent
ﬂock. The tones were so familiar that he thought
eimust be dreaming. ' i ’
_  “Begorr'y,” said the voice, “wherehave we got
to at all at all? Sure it's lost we are in these
blessed mountains, and poor Jack a prisoner in
some iluiigeon and falin’ that we’ve deserted him
ire y. - ,
fn‘FThis lool/<s~as if we had, doesn’t'it,” replied
$a'1'ii’s voice. “We followed the tracks of those
rascals till, -we lost them in ‘the foothjlls,= aigi »it~
isnt.our.;faul1_: if we fail to save him.” « n .
“' ‘hi ‘t e"hear,tv J .11
*1er—=-I

  

   
   
  

  
 

   

    
 

   

  

  

   

.  M‘ ,"a:‘fi~. 1r::l*‘r~‘:;‘_%::%7.«s~.“.w{-*»i ”.e.':]

A FAVORITE‘ OF ' FATE

‘,‘.‘Now, Virginia, lead the way,” he said, when

,Jack, with Virginia by his side, fairly par

Iance up, but it would take more‘ muscle than‘

{

  
 
   
  
   
    

sand pities it is he was Vkidnaped by thimna ' .1:
the Ould Nick shute ..’em.. I belave I coul '
happy if Ivcould ﬁnish a few'of thim this J _
u e. ’ / « '
S “That wouldn’t do Jack any good,” replied
am. ' i v
, “No, I suppose not, but it would make meaﬁd,
better. Ah, Jack, me b’y,‘ if I could only cage}?
a glimpse of yez now how happy I’d be’, so
would.”v ‘ '  »
f‘Your wish is -granted, Mike, for here -1 air!
said Jack, stepping forward with Virginia.

   
     
     

  
   

    

   
      

   
  

  
   

CHAPTER l(II.¥Pursued.

"The sudden and unexpected appearance if

 
   

Sam and Mike. The latter gazed at our  
with open mouth and a dazed expression on *
Hibernian countenance. » “ 
“Lord, I.’m.glad to see you again’, Jack,” s
Sam, stepping forward. v _‘ 
“1_&nd_,I’m mighty glad to see you chaps; ,
me introduce you to Miss Vir 'nia Rainsfor W
Baltimore girl. She was a fe low prisoner," iii:
we’ve managed to escape -together. So ‘
been following me up, hoping to rescue me. V
no idea you would be able to do such a thi
said J ac _. i '
“We couldn't go to the coast,witho.ut'
long as there was the ghost of a show’,
you,” said Sam. 9 ' 
. “Sure th_at’s right,” interjected Mike. 
“You lads are~huilt of the right stuff.’
are friends to be depended on, and I appr
your endeavors in my behalf. But we ,mu's=tm*:,
stop here chinning. ‘ Since you've made‘ yourwai"
into this range, probably you know the wiiy *
again.” i "
“Begorry, I don't know about that."  Th‘
mountains are like a mouse-trap-—aisy enough i
get in, but not so aisy to get out. It ’ " ,
to ‘lost we are; and it's little to‘ ate we have lift.
“_We have a supplywof provisions. You.
relieve the young lady of that bag, Mike.-. I "
hold, there are .more provisions close, at, h
which you can easily get. And you can also f
your eyes on and take a whack at the head hun
ers’ treasure the old man told me about.” ’’
“What! Yez don’t mane that!” cried Mi
“I do. Thetreasure cave is close at hand V
fact, right‘ behind that waterfall yousee yoiide"
replied‘ Jack. » c ' » ‘ 

    

    
    
   
      

        
     
   

  
   
     
     
   
    
    
  

   
   
       
      
      
     
   

  

III
E‘
if.
Q.

 
      

   
     
     
    
     
   
  

   
      
     
 

::$ehi’i’id that waterfall 2" exclaimed! sam; ,_
es. . , , ~,
_ “But how can we reach itithrough that?
it’s drowned we’d be,” said Mike. ,-
£0 “gI:é)t:ina’%h 221%; ”1?‘ollow me and I’ll showpyou
“Did’yez fetch some of the gold away with
“Not a bit_; but in this bag I have afhun I
or more precious stones that are’ wor,th»a’f_ort,
T*2?..%:1“:‘;§::¥i*°:ar;¥~ .. 1 . i l
« aapiy 1S.‘IllS ereos
“You shall see for yourself. '
_Jack.led' the way, followed by
o friends. He. fou do getti
s‘ t t.. t ‘

       
 

  
   
  

      
       
     
   

   
   

  

  
  
 

  

   

   
  
   
    
   
   
  
    
   
   
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
    
   
   
   
  
    
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
 

half an hour they succeeded in getting in, and
 Jack led the way to the treasure cave, where_ the
. 'p= had ‘been left burningi The boys" left their
ﬁesﬁand bags outside in charge of Virginia.
_ When theyreached the cave, Sam and Mike were
mazed at what they saw there.

“Sure there’s wealth enough here to buy Old
 1' and and tow it over to, New York." «Said

‘f ‘yo1‘;’v.e seen enough, get hold of some.0f
e provisions and we’ll_ leave,” sa1d'Jack; “but
ﬁrst fill your pockets with the precious stones
{rpm that bag on the,-shelf. ‘You can easily
carry of!‘ enough to make you wealthy for l1fe-
But don't be too greedy. Enough is as good as a
feast, and time is precious.” _

‘The boys ﬁlled their pockets with the gems.
which were not near as valuable as the _choice

'When Jack thought”‘they had enough he called
old them to secure a bag of provi-
. Sam and Mike‘ had’ just lifted a
.wload'ed~-[bag each on their backs when a shadow
‘appeared at the entrance of -the’ rave, coming
" om. the ,direction of the tunnel. With a cry
't came other shadows. The boys turned in con-
ilernation. Jack recognized the intruder as the
gh ‘priest. The four behind him were his as-
sistants.

ugh which Jack and Virginia made their es-
wipe‘ from their rooms, and immiediatelypotiﬁed
the chief priest. A hurried investigation showed
the-vrascal’tthat the fugitives must havegone by
ay of the tunnel leading to the treasure cave.
laining the faithless girl, and swearing to have
I'io,7mercy on her, he called his four people to-
gather, and armed with spears and knives, they
‘tarted at once in pursui . _ ’,
_ ’ ', ‘The waterfall, fellows!” cried Jack.
q - ie. .
_ I'Ilh(<:0t7}f1".e‘e’0}i1eIg2(:‘iSic:l1i)eir retreat. The chief paused
almoment in surprise at seeing three boys instead
pf pne arid the girl. He could _not understanii
11;“ Especially as there was no sign of the gir .
, iiiomentary indecision gave Jack time to
ry his comrades on ahead and draw his re-
,I‘ver in defense. "When the head priest saw
that they were making for the exit behind the
waterfall, he saw they would escape unless’ they
‘Were stopped. He issued a command to his as-

  

  
   

  

‘ a ‘young Leonidas,’ stood.at the mouth of
e exit to hold the fort. Crack! The revolver
ice", and the hi h priest clapped his hand to
breast and fel backward. Crackl Crack!
other bullets hit their marks, and two of
ssistants staggered arpund -wounded.

i, ‘other brave stopped in consternation, and
-tick took advantage of the chance to follow his
V ’ “ The three. were soon outside of

 
  

    

         
 

€93-rah.-,your ﬁgesagid come on,”‘ said .'Jack,
g.-E’Ni\rginia y ‘ arm. '  ‘ ‘

igﬂelgs a,r'ound the rock,” said Sam. “We

,0‘ _ A_ V ,. J ..

 

A‘“FA»VoRirE.oF rural T p. if T . A ' '

rand the girl had made’ their exit. After wasting '

of ‘rage the shadow sprang forward, and behind '

One of them had discovered the broken wall’

tants, and all ﬁve dashed upon Jack, who,-

» halt and sent the natives up to it.

‘ they come.”

-that they were rightwipon, the fugitives.’

21 

";f<€g?d;;*'iseLia Jaclé, “£11 g1¢:(;dit.’1:l I I *’“d

atstemater. as tegir,aarme

atytheir hurry and excitement. . 3",
“Our escape has been discovered,“ and ‘the

priests are after us,” _he'replied_ .

d. ‘;{,)h!” screamed Virginia. “What shall we
0.

"I’ve shot the head chap and wounded-twoof  *
the others. We’re safe enough for the present.

I fear, however the alarm will soon be given‘ in ,
the village, and the natives will come swarming '
after us’. We have to hustle.”

He snatched up his riﬂe and the bag of pro: x . \
visions he _had brought from the cave. 3 ’
S “Which way did you chaps come?” Jack askeda
am. . -

“From that direction,” replied Sam, pointing.
“We’11 retreat that way, then. Come on." i
he little party got a move on and made; as '
fast progress as they could through the wild ,
gorge. It was rough traveling, but their lives 

depended on their haste. Morning ﬁnally brdke

and found them several miles away from the". 
waterfall. They kept on until ‘Virginia was tho_r~ 
oughly exhausted. and then they‘ sought shelter. . ‘r ‘
in “a little cave 1011 the mountain side. ‘ 

Here they restedand ate their morning meal,
washing it down with pure Water from a nearby
torrent, for Jack had only two small‘ jugs of
wine in his bag, and he judged that it would
be .well to hold them in ‘reserve. They were
thinking about resuming their ﬂight in spite of " 
the heat of the morning, when Jack, Who Was.
looking in the direction they had come, saw black
ﬁgures hurrying forward in the distance. , ' "

He knew at once that a strong party of the. 
head hunters were‘ in pursuit. ‘ ’ “

“The rascals are coming,” he said.
keep out of sight.” , _ . 

Virginia and his two companions looked in the  
direction he pointed. The girl gave evidence  V-
of fear, but Sam and Mike never turneda hair.‘
They, with Jack, were ‘game for any encounter,’ ’ »
though they were not looking for trouble where. _. I
the odds were against them. On came the blacks, I
armed with spears and knives, at great speed. V
They were accustomed to the mountains, and} ‘
their strength and tireless energy enabled them
to cover the rough ground at a swift rate. The,“-
young people had‘ left no tracks for the rascals.
id follow, but the chaps“ knew that the fugitives

ad ﬂed in that direction, and expected to come’ _
up with them at any moment: 1

They were led bv one of the assistant priests, 1 v
but ’he was not as spry as the others, his occu-".
pation being a sendentary one, so he would have .
hindered the pursuit had he not been helped 3
along. He had sharp eyes, however, and was-
the first to single out thecave, though the fug'i- ,
tives ‘themselves were not visible. He calledia

« “.We’ve got to ﬁght, fellows," said Jack. “Hero

   

   

“We must I r

   
    
     

  

   
     
    
 
     
   
     
       
    
      
 
     
 

4
c

CHAPTER XIII.—The Back Door;

v As the blacks came dashing up. to the mouyg
of the cave with great agility,. not aware as ,

     

   
 

    

    
     
   
      
   
  
   
   
   
   
      
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
   

_ boys begantblazing away at them.’ They ﬁred
slowly and carefully, and as a" consequence every
shot‘ told. In‘ afbrace ‘of shakes half a dozen‘ of
~. ‘the pursuing party lay dead or wounded on the
i " rocks, andxthe advance was halted. The assistant
'-"priest urged th.e__remainder on from behind a

rock ‘where he had prudently taken shelter. He

cared nothingfor the lives __of the common peo-

p‘}’e‘,"but had agreat respect for his own. , m

; One of the natives, however, had been with
V fthe party which captured Jack, and the execu-
tion done by the riﬂes on that occasion had duly
_ impressed him. He called out _to..his friends to

"take refuge behind the rocks. This they did,

and presently not a. black was_ in sight.

‘ “They’ve got uscaged,” said Jack; “but; as
-  have provisions, and there is plenty of water
.-within our reach, we can. stand a_ siege. They
. can’t rout us out unless they boldly, attack us,

~a'ndjI guess our guns will keep them at bay.‘
The worst of it is that they are sure 'to_send for
i ‘reinforcements; and that means ‘they will over-
:power usin the end through force of numbers.” . "
" ' “Then’ why sta‘y'l_iere till they bring ‘up more
« . ofytheir people?” said Sam. ‘

" ' ;".1“If we try to‘ get away they’ll bring us down
 their spears,” answered Jack.‘ ‘Our only
~ *'chance is to hold out‘ here till night, and then
T , try and slip away.” ' A.
_... ,“Sure, can't we do somethin’ to make thim
 nagurs show thimselves so we can shute thim?”
7 asked Mike.
w :7 Jack said he didn't know anything they could
do. ' Mike stood up and looked around, to see if
he couldn’t get a shot. I_-Iardl_y*had he showed
_..-himself when a native sprang from arock and
fired his spear at him. As it whirled through
- they air, barely missing the Irish btry’s head,
Jack. raised his riﬂe and ﬁred. .
The native uttered‘ a“yel1 and fell badly

  

  

 
 
   

  
  
  
       

     
       
  

called attention to a black object creeping away
i from rock to rock. I y

, ‘-‘I’ll bet he’s going to bring "the ‘reinforcement
you spoke about, Jack,” he said. . c

» t‘."I’ll keep my eye on him, and if I get a fair

“chance I’ll bring him down,” replied Jack.

I When the fellow got about sixty yards away
he concluded he was out of sight. He left shelter
and started off on a‘ run. He didn’t run‘ ’far,,

  

_ ng up his arms with _a cry,/the native" fell flat
on his face and lay still‘. ‘

T ?‘I— guess I’ve cooked his goose,” said Jack,
grimly. ' ‘ ‘ T
. “Looks as if you had," said Sam.
good shot." “ __ . __
3  Not another move was made by their enemies
‘ﬁr half an hour. Leaving Sam and Mike to
watch the natives, Jack joined Virginia at the
‘tick of the cave‘. Whilehe was talking with
the girl and trying to reassure her, he noticed
hat there appeared to be a break in‘the back
,all. Examining the place, he ‘saw there was
”a bi V hole there which had been lstuifed up with
drie. brush, wyhichzthrough time had acquired
be same color as the interior of thelcave.
at out his knife and cut’ into the ﬁlling. It fell
‘ ¥.iI1nChl1nkS'u~' J » 'l ’ “ j  ”

   

f.‘Yiou’r'e a

     

    
  
 

       
 

 

it .  ’1ll'”F{AV0RlTiE7_iOF"Fi9ITE 

wounded in full view. A few minutes later Sam ,

, Jack helping Virginia along as best he’ 

however, for J_ack’s riﬂe blazed away, and, throw- ‘
. these mountains.” . .

He, ‘they would have to travel two- hun,::lred_;Tbe

I ithat theycwduld reach, the

hole and _found _th_ati.i_t led out into a, d gpf d

' narrow iftivine out of .,‘sigh"t of the. spot W e're_*-‘. " ’‘

natives ‘were’ hiding; . Virginia had watched 
efforts with deep interest, and she was ‘ "
joyed when he told her that they could  
the cave that way and their ’pursuers»iIi’~the‘
lurch. He called‘ Samand Mike back and‘ she ’
them theexit had had unexpectedly opeiiedii’
“Begorry, we can ‘stale oi-I"’that.'way as ‘nat , y
a pin,” said Mike, in a tone of great satisfaei:i"
“We must make. some kindofa demonsti-ati
at the"entrar_i'_c_e to keepqthose rascals quiet':a '
longer,” said Jack. ' ‘ _— 4
Sam crawled forward in time to see. the p _ v-
 had grown impatient, crawling‘ from"i;tie ‘
rock which had sheltered, him t‘o,an‘other iargmi ‘
one ‘behind, which two of the head hunters ’ 
concealed. The boy took aim ‘at his’ legs as _
were going out of sight and ﬁred. The” ‘
uttered a wild yell, which showed’ t_hat«_h
been hit, and he c'on’tinu_ed.to howl asif in 7g
pain. , ‘ V’ I V M.
j“‘That will convince them’ we are noifasl
and they’ll not take any more chances than I
gankhelp for awhile,” ;said Sam, ‘when; hie. 
ac .' . = J ' T T '

“Then we’ll beat a retreat‘ and leave 
watch the empty cave,” said Jack. '

They all passed through into the ravinejlaitda»

then Sam suggested that the hole had bett; 
stuffed up with stones and brush- Jack thgdgh‘
his suggestion was a good one, and it waszcar‘,
ried out. ‘ The party then started down intdﬁi
ravine. Reaching thebottom they found‘a"k"1ia .
row, water course, ‘which they followed.
ravine was obstructed by rocks and brush 'aii_
their headway was slow in consequence,;bu “ ’
were well shaded from the sun, lwhich,‘di
penetrate down there. V « " ‘ ‘
They had no idea of c the direction they w“
goin , nor where they would fetch up.at..~,,«‘E'
all,t ey knew they might be getting furthe '
further into the ‘range.

    
 
 

  
  

They kept on ste'

   
       
  
  
  

until they grew tired and hungry, whenylth ’

stopped to rest and eat. ‘They spent 'a.n“1'ho’~'
lying about after their meal, and then ‘res’ '
theirway. T T ' ‘ 
“Faith, this is worse than the jungle;
Mike, _“and that’s sayin’,a good deal.» v
it may. be.a wake or two before we 'g"Iet’\ou;

   
    

        
    
      
       
 

“Nonsense!” replied Jack. “If we .don’t‘
across any of the natives we’ll get clear of t
wilds in a day or two.” ~.  ,

Jack spoke cheerfully, for his obje,ct'.‘Wa
keep up the spirits of his com anions, butto in
self he had to admit that t ings looked. rop ’
and that it mi ht be days before they made.
way out of t e range. And even ~When

had extricated themselves from. the-. mo

  
    

   
 
  

   
         
   

th.ey'm'ight be no better off. ,_ t V
He ﬁgured that they must be at least .9".

Vdred and ﬁfty miles from the _town of Ga’

the most direct line, and that in all proba

      
  
   
   
 

    

Jail

      
    

they reached that town., ;His__: chief h

shallowrr i

    
   

  

 

 
      

thehead hunters had carried him‘ and ﬁnd the
at!’ in which Sam and Mi-ke had come.

they would easily be able to make their way

down to the big river. and so on to the coast.

VII-Iev calculated that they would have two or three
days’ travel across the country after leaving the
113.11 e before they would reach the stream where
the cat was moored, and then they would d%ubt-
less have~a lot of trouble trying to find they oat-
The ravine wound around in a sinuous fashion,
first one way and then the other, as though some
gigantic snake had formed it by pushing 1i‘.s"'W3»Y
1 through the range. T ’

; ‘Probably it‘ had been‘ the bed of .a narrow but
x‘api‘d stream a long time since, and the water
course was all that now. remained of it. ' When
night overtook them they were still in the same

. ravine, and as they were too tired to 20 any

: ztfurtlier they camped in a little nook-,1 ate their

supper, and drew lots to see who should stand‘

theﬁrst watch." This duty _fell to Sam,“and the
others went to ;sleep. Nothing happened to dis-
turb them during the‘ night,‘ and when morn-
, g» came they h'ad_their breakfast and went on
again-, putting their trust’ in Providence and

hoping for a speedy release from their‘d_ifﬁc'ul-

ties.

CHAPTER XIV.——Conclizsion. V.

3 During the morning the ravine widened out, 8-
mountain stream joined the watercourse; and
transformed it into quite a ﬂo_w of water. ”

Lu} fgel sure that we are on the right route
get out of the range,” said Jack, .“for this
stream has an outletsomewhere, and I wouldn't
be‘:_surprised if it ultimately connected w_ith the

Stream we are looking for, or the-big river on
the bank of which I was captured-”

““Beg'orry, there’s sinse in what yez say,’? said
Mike. i “Sure if we had a small raft now, we
cbuld ﬂoat along on this strame, which would
" ve ‘us the trouble of ‘walkin’ so it would."
uI guppose -those blacks have discovered long
ago that we’ve left the cave,” said Sam. ;

“Probably they have,” replied Jack. =»
“fl hope they won’t track us along this ravine.”

..*‘Sure yeziain’t theonly one who hopes that,”

terjelcted Mik.€- ’ ‘ '

The words were hardly out of his mouth be’-

 

re-.;Virginia, who had turned around, uttered .

suppressed scream and seized Jack by the arm.
‘~‘What"s the matter?” he asked her. ‘
“Look! Look!” she cried, pointing up the Iravine.
All hands stopped and looked. _ _ ' ‘_
Coming down the ravine, brandishing their
are and knives, was a, strong party, of the

“ enemy, led by, a chap with a topknot, and skulls

oxgiiis hips. . _
“Let’.s’ get behind these rocks," said Sam.
“They'll shelter us from their spears”, V
“5‘Y»es,[but they’1l climb all around us and out-
'_ k us,” said Jack. ' , .
“It can't be helped.’ .We’ll have to make the
ehggi‘ ‘ 9. boat, in the bushes,” cried
a? vrithtapwild shout. “Q1116
cgiav .thzaienasW$l1'«he-8119

   

  

n

5'?» 1' Vfil 

A mvoiurn or FATE’ T  1  e  

on faster, hoping to overtake them before they  '

-stopped and «gathered around him.

.‘chance to get away.”

the little stream like a streak of light.

, have done better.

' Virginia in his arfns.

1;, E71111 ,it.'9.l1t and

  

 

  ii»! 

 

- “You ‘don?t mean" it, Mike," cried Jack, almost,‘ 

— incredulously.

“I do mane it. Look and say for yoursilf.’7  " '
A native boat with tour paddles in it was there,’

’ sure enough, and it was a god—send to them. ’

Providence had come to their aid in an almost
miraculous manner. They lost no time in get- I
ting the boat aﬂoat. Jack hustled Virginia into ,
it. The bags of provisions followed,-and then. 
they pushed off into the stream, The head hun- ,

, ters uttered wild shouts of excitement when they 1

saw what the fugitives were about, and pushed ’ ‘V’ I’

could get‘ very far. I . _ V
. .“Kape thim, off with your gun, Jack, while we ‘ ‘E.

‘paddle away,” said Mike.

 

T Jack began to blaze away at once. He was s 

. aﬁrst-class shot, and every bullet found a mark. ‘; «,“
V: The tascals came‘ on, nevertheless, urged by‘ the 

.. chap inythje topknot. ,
-the fugitives, and one .01-‘two fell unpleasantly. 

Spears‘ were hurled after‘  i '

‘near the boat. . -

irig aim atthe: man with the topknot. . , ._.
His riﬂecraclced again, and the fellow Went 

down in a heap. His followers immediately‘

-“I must nlug their leader.” thought Jack, taky-iair 

“Paddleflike fun,” cried Jack. “Now is our

 

Mike and Sam did so, and the experience they

_had acquired a few days before stood them in

d stead now. They ‘never missed a stroke, if
and the shallow boat spun over the surface,«of

could scarcely
In a few minutes a turn in ’
the ravine took themout of sight of their purspjv; 6
suers, but the boys never let up in their,exer-. ‘ r;
tions, while Jack kept abright lookout allarouncl, ~' 
lest other parties of the enemy should appear in‘ ‘

Indeed,’ the. natives themselves

 

ya different quarter and try to head them off.

Sam was the ﬁrst to begin to lag, and’ Jack
took his place. Mike had to slow down to ac- .

.§omm.0date his stroke to Jack’s unpracticed tef-J
orts. T ' «

p“Begorry, didn’t I tell yez this was better thani
walkin".Z” said Mike. ’ I ,

It certainly was, and Jack concede the fact.
They kept straight on for a couple of hours, the’
stream growing wider as they proceeded, for
mourltain rivulets and falls were continually
cropping up, adding their water to the general
ﬂow. Suddenly they ran into a small lake, and a
cutting‘ across it found themselves in a river,

‘bordered on both sides by‘the rising mountai

The sun was high about them now, an
beat down upon them so strongly that they were
glad toseek the shade of a bunch of over'hangi~—
tall grass, which completely hid and sheltergﬁ
them. a ,  T .
They ate their dinner and went, to sleep in re-._
clining attitudes in the boat, Jack supporting»
They did not resume
theirtrip‘ until the sun had dropped, 'behinr,l the

distant peaks, then they pushed out into the
’ middle‘ of- the river and_ paddled leisurely or
award, ,1’_1OW'bU40y(%d up withthe expectati
 ta ta

   

mm the; perils T by ‘whl

  

    

 

were surrounded. All night long_they kept on

' their way, alternately paddling and resting.

' ’ ' "Virginia insisted~on taking a turn with Jack
when Sam and Mike got tired. About midnight
.th'e moon, in its broad quarter, came up above the
peaks and shone down on them. As morning

.:.f [dawned the range broke away before them and

‘showed an open country beyond, covered with .

trees and vegetation. They made a landing at
the point where the ran e ended, and stayed there
 ‘all day, resting and seeping.
_  ‘Late in the afternoon they resumed their way
,- ~ upon the current of the river that grew wider
; _ and deeper as they proceeded. During the next
~ ¢..~three days they added wild pineapples and other

'  fruit to‘ their bill of fare, and found plenty of .

;I.:Eresh water, for the river they were on was
“, ‘formed from fresh mountain streams and by-
{streams that hadtheir origin many miles away.
 4'03?‘ the afternoon of the third dav Jack spied
. " -a hut in the’ distance that looked kind of familiar
. v to him, as did the landscape around. When they
1.} drewnear to it, he said: , ’
‘If’ :..“Say, fellows, isn't that the old man’s hut
" where we stopped over a Week ago?” .
“Beg-orry, it is,” replied Mike.
+: Sam also said he recognized it. ~
“Then we’ll stop and see the old chap,” said
Jack

. When they came opposite the hut they landed
f K‘ and ‘secured their boat. Then they visited the

"hut, and, found the old recluse cooking his su -
iypfer, as before. 0 He certainly was astonished o
deethem, particularly when he observed that a
.. femalehad been added to their party. He wel-
’ nomad them cordially, and offered them another
close of snail soup, which Jack alone partook of.
Jack told ‘him the story of their strenuous ex-
perience with the head hunters, and exhibited
 him the "gems they had brought away with

em. -

0 Jack presented him with several of the smaller
-gems, which pleased the. old fellow greatly,
ythough he had no use for them. Then they
took their leave and continued on their way. It
.—was near morning when they reached the’ spot

 

   

    
     
    
    
        
  

   
  
  
  

  

 
     
     
      
   
 
    
   

  

  
  

‘hunters, who had been lying in wait for them,
‘suddenly shot out from the tributary stream. The
boys were taken ‘by surprise ‘for they thought
they had given the enemy the slip for good.
 "We must land and ﬁght it out on short range)’
said Jack. ‘€They’d have us at a great disadvan-
 onthe river.” _ ’ ' _ ,
The natives tried to head them off but failed,
I6sing- several lives in‘ the attempt. The young
people ran up to the top of the bluff and opened,
[ﬁre on the head hunters. .The rascals landed in
‘spite of the fusilade. Then the boys stationed
xﬂiiemselves at the head of the ravine, resolved
ﬁghtit out there.. ,The.head hunters made a
esperate rush, but the. repeating‘ ‘riﬂes mowed
them downright‘ and left; and they were unable
tgmake any headway. »  « V '

.'»7Fi (ll. 

  

  

    
 

  
   
  
   
    
       

ueirters ..f enraeimis-aggi»

.15‘?

  

" ii; i~Avommii or '1-.--we

.t}l§nlS_elV§S .‘b$i.et1_en (they, ..rétrea._te4fi  , =

   
   
  
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
 
   
   
  
   
   
    
  
  
    
  
   
  
  

peared up the other stream, and that was’
last the young people saw of the savage, natives] ,
In due time they reached Cabul, and got.‘ W
passage to the town where Virginia's relatiyie
the Rev. Mr._ Rainsford, lived. . Her other"uncI‘"
was away with a party hunting the counti'y-_:,§b_1:
her. Of _course, she received a great welcai u
and so d-id the boys, Jack p“articularly.'~.When:
the other uncle returned, two ,weeks' later,“ ,
organize a fresh expedition, he was astonis-h, ‘
and delighted to find the girl safe, andhe ‘flis
tened in wonder to the story she had to tell ‘
Shortly afterward the whole party sailed 9
Cape Town. Here the diamonds, rubies '
other gems were disposed of. Jack found-him
self worth half a. million, while Sam and 
realized over $50,000‘ apiece. Before sellin‘ ’
stones,‘ Jack presented about $50,000 wort »
,Virginia, but it would be all in the family-,'a“ny
way, for by this time they were so much inflow
with each other that they were engaged to». .
married. ’ ’
After a-month’s stay in Cape
a steamer for New York. ’ - ..
“Well, dear ” said Jack to Virorinia on the 
home, “that gypsy who‘ told me I would  ’
foreign land and get rich there didn’t miss
truth.” . ' W ‘ '
“She certainly did not, and‘ she hit the ‘f_ ff
¥V}t1;:ll, she told you that you were a favorite"
3. . /  

Town they

 

Next week's issue will contain~“MAST}‘JE
THE MARKET: 012,, THE BOY‘WHO3-fC-
NERED THE STOCK.”  c . »

 F—O%—é
CONCERNING PINK Hniins

Theophilus was sent to college. 
‘At the end of the first month his father:
him ‘a letter. Boiled down, it said: ‘fwhat;
you learned at college so far?” , - V ‘V

y Theophilus wrote back, “Nothing.”
At the end of twormonths his father
“What have you learned by this time?”, A:
Theophilu-s again‘ madexanswer; “Nothing”
Oncemore Theophilus received a. letter; _
must have learned something by now?” , ‘
Theophilus sent baclcla special delivery
My Father: ‘ V l_ 1':
Only this: Blondes are tractable.’ Br .

y can be persuaded. - But redheads do your’
_ing for you. ‘ K '' ~  " V
0 Your dear son, Theophilus.—'-Green Goat

    
    
    
    
 
 
  
 
    

i

  
 
  

DARIN'G.< riziifamyatuimii ' 'erﬁmi ‘
attract: and fascinates. ._u  '“

 
 
 
 

  
 
   
   
    
 
 
  
      
 
 

row are able to rum. ; -'1'unt_
'  nzerlnz as —one’|;- K
. _Youn: gnd.,old-1h,d1,_,

‘ ‘J j lye charm

  

 ‘jrsiih ‘AND ‘roi:i;:1*UNE’wié:t:i{i;i?‘

j "I"’RU'I'I-IFUL JAMES
01‘
‘The Boy Who Would Not Drink

By GASTON GARNE

(A Serial Story.)
CHAPTER XXIV.
Conclusion.

Well, I’ve never tried the rheumatism, M1‘.
own, i, but I've heard people say it was 8
fatty bad’thing to have. I have never drunk

liquors in my life, either, so» I can’t Pm‘
Jfolmce either for or against it; but Ive seen
umatics hobbling around on crutches_andv oc-
ionally groaning when they felt twinges 0f
_I have seen the effect of intoxicants on

men ‘and know that it ruins them ﬁnancially.

ally and physically, and the Bible says thalf
 nkard can enter the kingdom of heaven.

had to choose between the two, the suf-

r1n§s,of rheumatismand the ﬁnal end of the"

,a_rd, I would rather have the rheumatism.’-’
ell a man is not obliged to be adrunkard,
en’ if’he is cured of rheumatism by Doctor
loomls remedy.”
'0 but the chances are that he will become
’ rikard from the use of it-"
. es;_,but notnecessarily so,” replied"Brown.
pretty hard-headed man, you know, and
"en he doctor pronounces me cured I will sto
Jghtfthere and never take another’ dose of it.’
I  is it made of?” J immV~aSk€d-

, *there’s no question about that. I'm et-
g..‘w'ell' and expect to be"able within _anot er
night to get along entirely without it._ The
" ‘knows’ that! have a little money laid up,
has’ notiﬁed me that when 'he pronounces
zcuxséd I must pay him one hundred dollars
 own‘: ‘All right,’ said I. ‘If you, cure me
ently of rheumatism I’ll pay you one hun-

-V ollars down with pleasure; but if it leaves
‘*5, nﬁrmed di-unkard‘I’ll beat you to death,
lif he rheumatism comes on again I’ll gnfe
hrashing everytime I see V011, _e‘/en If

ide the church.’ The doctor said that
atéﬁnldnlt have 9. return of it, as-the rheumatism

(if his medicine as much as I do, and hanged. V

idn’t tell me about the Chinese theory oi‘:

us, that the more eﬂicacious. it-is the more .

'1efit is consi_de1-ed; if you _can:.stand the
that the medicine calls for in your system

i'1lly,"you will never have a return of the w

tism, and he said that one ought to «be
_e‘gihis constitution is strong to standnt,
‘clhim :1 was, as it seemed to be,savmg
murder, by _r
hing_,.}ie_»3,¥'t11§‘- v I

' d ‘f I know. The doctor won__-’t tell.”.‘
aellfehoiv do you know that it’s2'doing you
: ood?”

eumatism. and he went \, >

“You may well be, my boy. Now tell me, how 

is that girl of yours and the other couple?’
“All well and happy,” said Jimmy. ‘ _ .
“Glad to h.ear it. George and Emma gave us
all a great surprise.
that they married, for I was then suifering the
pangs of death‘ almost with the rheumatism, tak-
ing a sun bath andsayings things I hadn't leam-
ed in Sunday-school. When I sent for Doctor

Bloom, and he heard'me say what I thought about "‘
rheumatism, he laughed and said I ought to go -
‘to / church a little more regularly. You know 7

Bloom is no temperance man.
drinking man.
when he feels like it.

Neither is he ‘a

I never saw him dnmk

in my life; but he appreciates a. drink of good ’_
as any man I know, of;'‘
He said that it wasn't necessary for me to abstain .
fromexpressing my opinion of the disease,.: for’

whisky about as well

his medicine would take away from me all desire

to say anything about rheumatism, and with that: '
he gave me a large bottle" of the medicine, with ~.
instructions as to how to take it; it was then -’
he nearly died with laughter when he heard my. '

expressions of both him and his medicine.” .
True to his promise, Farmer Brown appeared’

at the temperance meeting at the church on that‘
following .Sunday, and Jimmy created ‘great
roars of laughter by telling-‘of his meeting 

conversation with him at hisvbarn. The peole
looked at the old farmer, and many knew tlliiaté
he‘ was improving fast.‘ Thev had known his-

case of rheumatism a long time, and Jimmy _

praised him for his nerve in keeping u the
nauseous medicine. Doctor Bloom himself as in
the audience, and while Jimmy was tellingvot
Brown's case, he looked the doctor .full in the?
face and said he was thankful that rheumatism,
didn’t run in his family and hoped he would
Eever have need to call in the doctor to attend.
im. ~ V ’ ’
“Said he:

y“If I were a member of the legislature I would
try. to have a law passed to make the'doctor's
medicine a panacea for drunkardness." 

James Watson is living to this day in the  '

old-Nutmeg State with a family of boys and girls;
and is still a near neighbor to George Williams,
who has never broken his pledge which he made
to his friend.

' l

\ :

THE END

A New /Serial Starts

' ‘NEXT WEEK
It  a great baseball istory./‘The titleis L
SHORT:STOP_ sAMf, 

    
' . _ I  

I wasn't out on the day‘ 

He takes a drink of whisky just I‘

  

mm ARMY.HOME IS STILL RUNNING 0'

1 ‘Oi.’ the eleven’ Soldiers’ Homes '.in- the United
v f [States that at
.r. ’ opened. The first veteran was admitted Oct.‘ 6,
’ 1866. . Before the World War it was thought that
eventually the Togus Home might have to be
abandoned, but with the constant arrival of vete
 ‘-erans from that conﬂict and from the earlier
1 Spanish War, the home seems likelyto be a per-

‘_ manent institution.
, At the present time there are about 25,000
,.veterans in the Soldiers’ Homes of the country;
. ‘at Togus there are 1,000.

 

_ Togas Home is appealing for half rates on the
railroads for veterans and for a new hospital.

 

 MARCONI To TRY our RADIO or WORLD
1.1 vRANGE .

;'Experiments to develop the new beam wireless

system so that the “beam” at any station maybe i

switched around at will and focused at any other
:‘ station in any part of the
.  within ten days, Senatore Marconi, its inventor,
, -‘ announced lately. ' . V
 L .. “At present,”-' Marconi said, “the beam sta-
~ tions are ﬁxed. «America cannot be turned on
 Japan. India cannot be utilized for Russia or the
North Pole. Now I’m going to try a new type of
tation that has a reflector and aerial which can
turned aroundgby a machine in the same way

as a searchlight. The results will -be very impor-
tant if the tests are successful.” ‘

 

  

‘NOSE COLLECTOR’S FAD LANDS HIM
. A . IN PRISON ‘
’Andrea Caponi for years has been gathering
one of the world’s iﬁnest ‘collections of human
'0 noses, and he takes the prizes himself. He has
just been arrested for applying his sharpest
~::qythe to the nose of his one-time friend Giuseppe
Moratto.  ' , ’ c p c 7
. ,—Caproni explained to the Magistrate that he
‘ was Just seeking to add a nose to his collection.
He explained that when Istria, in which his farm
"1-'is situated, was under Austrian rule he managed
_to.go11ect eight noses and suffered imprisonment
‘ for only four of them. He said he hopes to con-
’ iinue his collecting when he has ﬁnished serving
Hie sentence he received for his latest.

 
 
  

 

 

7/‘A QUAINT AUCTION IN OLD ENGLAND‘
, A curious auction is held in the village of Up-
Wey, Weymouth, England, every Spring when the
V . arish meadow is rented for the year not to the
 highest bidder, but to the one who bids last when
i the light from a bit of candle, expires. V
 '_The auctioneer lights an inch of candle on his
[desk find the bidding begins. Every eye is ﬁxed

 

 

   

 to»judg'e the length-oftime ‘;'n,~;*yvi1I ‘talcegfor

     A if   -   - *
i ITEMSi or INTEREST    

Togus, Me., was the first to be“

Disbursements are I
$800,000 annually. Governor Keith Ryan of the ’

world are to begin

~ti‘me maid for $15 -and spent $200 on food" 

'totals,.for'New York and,Tokio(the;same.‘ ‘
., ,' “In Tokio we'had"one more servantvanda

 

the ﬂickering. ﬂame, and every» rustic brainds 

     

it to burn_ down to the end. A As the ﬂameituirnse‘
blue the bidding becomes fast and furious, butn/1) ’
man is allowed to speak out of his turn. To :31:
one who bids last at the moment the ﬂame expi
the meadow is let. ' 0 4 _  
The auction by candle is primitive but fair,"for*
the meadow often goes to a poor man who can
afford to pay but little, where an auction -con“
ducted in he usual way would ‘give him no chance
against his richer neighbors. . ',  ’

755,923 VEHICLES USED HOLLAND Tunas
IN MAY “ I

A total of 755,923 vehilles passedthrough
Holland tunnels under the Hudson in May,“ ace
cording to ﬁgures made public by the joint’com.-3
mission representing New York and New Jerse ‘

Of these 581,726 were passenger automobile
and they represented 76.9 per cent. of the total.-
traiiic. There were/23,754 bussesand 144,435
trucks up to and including ten tons capaei‘ ‘ “ii
Tracks of greater than ten ‘tons, including sein,
trailers and special vehicles, numbered 3,617‘, and
there were 2,391 motorcycles. A‘ ' -. -

From the time the tunnel opened last November _ 
up to last Friday its gross receipts totaled $2,351',— ‘ "
547. In the same period the tunnel had’ been
used by 4,334,295 vehicles of» all classes. This
includes 3,40-1,596 passenger automobiles, ‘8.5,362
busses 835,998 commercial vehicles, and " 9,3§1
motorcycles. . _ f

PEKING IS ONE OF WORLD’S"CHEAPE“
CITIES TO LIVE IN ' '
Peking lives up to its reputation ‘of being nice
of the cheapest cities in the world to live in.an&
Tokio ranks about as high as New York,1aecoj'
ing to, a New Yorker who returned recently fr’

 

1 a year’s residence’ in the Far East.

“Two people can live_ comfortably-on 
month in Peking,” he said. “I know a manthe , ,

. who hasfan ei ht-room brick, house, surrotntde

by a high we] ,' that costs $40 a montli. I

‘ near the center of the city, has -avmodem._ha_,

room, ﬁreplaces and almost every modern. 
venience and advantage. In addition there’
rooms for ﬁve or six ‘servants. The servants,-»t ‘,
of whomare rickshaw coolies for the man andhi
wife, costanovther $40 a month. Add '$10‘9z
month for foodand incidentals and $20 for iii
and heat and the total makes $200. V ,,
“A greatly inferior‘ house costs $90. in Toma

and two servants must be paid at least~-$9
Food amounts to about $200, heat and light , ”
and taxis _and incidentals another $25.12
makes’ a total of, $380, which is just about;

it cost us in New York: We had a sm’all‘~f,
room apartment for which we paid’ $135, 3 -pa

laundry, and;$.30 on incidentals. That mad

  

amnmtrmwi,

  

C :;- 

ran

   
 
  
       
    
   
       
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
    
  
   
    
     
  
   
  
 

 and Fortune Weekly.
 VNEW _Yo;zK,,giI1y:E 29, ,19zs_.,... .
ToSUi3SCRiBERs

0NEY—At our risk send P. '0.
;v7'(.)i!‘:c:(l::ar,s‘]31r:2k’f:r Registered Letter; ,remitt_ances
other way are at your risk. ~We accept ‘Postage
1.1;)“, game. ag cash. When sending. silver wrap
1,,’ in g geparate piece of paper to avoid cutting
Write your name and aqdreseplainiy.

 

........ .. ..Pos_tat8 F500 ogcﬁiﬂtl
. I It It I.“
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ’ " “ ‘.00
3, 55.00
V letters to V ~

V wzsrnuar PUBLISHING co.-, Inc.-

140 Cedar Street, New York City.

. jmmurr, Pros. and True;
.)l',LRB, Vino-free. and See.

  f1?ERESTING ARTICLES

. ’ J EERS DECLARE EIFFEL TOWER Is
:mqG.IN A .  SOUND » . -

 ‘ 1 Ion and minute examination hy the
 ssiin ofgEngineers delegated. by the City
to examine the Eiffel Tower f,o_rs1g'ns of
jteg-ratio’n,"the commission has pronounced‘the

thy there were many. reports that the
jxéfﬂv highest building was beginning to suffer

‘ The effects of rust and long exposure to
,"‘it was stated, had begun to‘. tell, and
‘who live within its long shadow began. to
tthey were under a, constant m,en’ace. V
they are reassured. The’ foundations of
at-‘~,tOWeI' are pi‘onoun'ced as sound‘ as ever
' lﬁuge steel framework has been so care-
watched and painted that it.has suffered

40-year-old world’s wonder looks as if it

' afys. 2

 
  

. "  A ”1N"roX1cANr BANNED
”’&ED  PARTSS OFGEORGIA * l

  

yp he State as dry as prohibition, laws re-
s making an attack upon canned heat,
_ -by »hardw'are, drug and 10—cent.- stores
‘sing small pocket.) stoves, but is used‘ by
' ‘us as an intoxicant. ,’

IR order. of’the ci

 
  

      

   

      

91.1

mm cannedfl1ea‘t.'

its

NP, FQ3TU1FE.,WF?$3¥<LY

, »“_Vi’e learn from some of the drugzists that 

_ the sole purpose of converting it into a ‘driiiileg.

ound and not dangerous to'surz‘ounding' J

ear and tearxand was getting too old at

1y._at>all from rust, the inspecting engineers '

tand for another forty years, thecommis-i
‘ ~ , John joined forces with Robin Hood,’ whose band‘ 

‘ and the Maid Marian. , y _ as

different parts of Georgia oﬁ‘icials-who want A

ty. of Macon, reported A
nv of the/cases that came. before hun , _
aiits ‘had said" they -hm‘! become ' i,ntox1- .
l e ". - " ‘ Thereup‘o1n— 
‘ ’ ‘ ' ‘ea.

  

'1...

2'-'
;.

 

when canned heat was first put upon the market
it was made of wood alcohol only, an_d_that when
the manufacturers later-substituted ‘grain ,al'cohdl
for «wood alcohol the .manufactuz,~‘ers actua1ly=.:sent.l.
agents into the field to show liquor users howl’ :_—
to convert it rapidlyinto the kind of‘;beverag'e

they desired.  . _‘  7 :   _ ‘
before this body satisﬁes uspthat.-.

  
 
 

“The evidence , _
the daily ‘sales of .canned~heat in this,county.«s , 
alone now average several hundredlper day,-ansgl; _
that at least 95 per cent. of it is‘purcl1ased.for_'.

  
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
    
   
 
   
    
       
    
       
   
  

producing-' beverage.”

-HONORISHPAID “LITTLE JOHN,” THE

" ‘ HENCI-IMAN—OF ROBIN HOOD

Little John, famous henchman of‘ Robin Hood’, ~
will be honored on June 24 by the Ancient '01"dé1'*."7 ,
of Foresters at Hathersage, a little village in. .
Derbyshire, En land where he is thought to have  ‘
been born and uried. Thousands of people‘ visit
his supposed grave. In all histo there are fe 
more romantic characters than bin Hoodan ,'
Little John.‘ Whether they realtllvy lived or were; :'
wholly legendary is notiknown, ough some not, ‘-
too skeptical personshave been convinced by atha
discoveryof some huge bones in Little Johrﬁs
grave. .Histo_ry_’s first mention of Robin Hood
was in “Peter Plowman,” which appeared in the
latter half of the fourteenth century..  ' 

The most popular account of the meeti V
tween ;Little John, whose -right name is sa db, 
have, been either_John aLittle.or John Nailor, an 
Robin Hood runs ‘roughly as follows: , Whilaf
wallgingj through Sherwood Forest, the ‘scene of .
most of the later activities of the pair, they. met W
at -a stream bridged merely by a single log,
Neither was willing to let the other cross 
and decidedyto ﬁght it out, the loser paying the ~
penalty of carrying the victor across, Little ‘
John, so-this story says, thrashed Robin Hood, .~
who, [after carrying him across the stream, nick- _
namedthe winner Little John. . _ 

Another version runs much the same", except '
that in it Robin Hood was Victorious.‘ Litt1e«Johi1“
then "carried Robin Hood to the middlefof the log
and there dumped him into "the stream, u o1'1.~
which they once more fought, this time 'L1’tlé_»
John winhing. .As a result of this fight each; 
became a‘ great admirer of the other and Little? ,

 
 

then(consisted.mainly of Friar Tuck, Alan-a,-Dale‘

AND AT ITS BEST?

At its Worst, a fraternity house is ,congenial——5
as poor farms go.———Wash. Cougar’-s Paw. J ‘

 

 
       
 

AlN’T IT AWFUL, MABEL2
' “Mabel says she thinks I’m a wit!’ _ _
’ “Well, she's hal£"_right.”—-Boston» Beanpot.»

 

   

 Mme Attic Lodger

-I T ' By Horace Appleton '

, /v’

. Mrs. Oakes kept a boarding-house, and one
quite respectable. ,
i .All her boarders felt at home, and the cheery
face of the landlady was quite as pleasant to them
aisthe bounteous repast always on her table.

.Not only did Mrs. Oakes keep boardersfbut
" there were lodgers as well, who occupied some of
her rooms.

 Among the latter was a young man named
' Harry Burns, who had secured the attic tzhamber

» as hisvsleeping-room..

. ‘ Where Harry took his meals no one knew. \ _
‘His business was equally a mystery, and, in

  

. »morning or evening, going to and returning from

, _ his room. ' V ’

" _M.iss Grace Harvey, a music teacher at the
’h'oi'ise, had met a pale face on the stairway one

‘ by it. . y '
The person merely nqddéd,_and glided swiftly
. , disappearing down the stairway.
V I ‘ It was late‘ in. the evening, though the gas had
. not-been lighted, and the stairway was dark.
.Al1 Miss Harvey knew was that the faceiwas
 white and ghostlike. _
' -' g,-:'I?he ‘eyes were large, and burning like living‘
‘coals, and‘ the mustache was handsome and black
. as. 'et. \ “ *
duly for a ‘moment did she catch a glimpse of
the attic lodger, and he was gone, vanishing sud-
denly around the stairway, as if he ‘wished to

: avoid being seen.

.’ lodger, and she did not attempt to address him.’ ’

No one did.’ '

Once a week he regularly appeared before Mrs.
Oakes ‘and paid his rent, then disappeared again,
or was only seen ﬂitting up and down the four
’ ﬂights of stairs. ~ V

. Various were the conjectures among the boar-
' ders and lodgers at Mrs. Oakes’ house as to what
- occupation the attic lodger was following. .

' Some said he must be an actor, as he was
ilsually out late. ‘ g V

. Others that he must be a gambler.

Some avowed he was a counterfeiter, or burglar,
while one determinedly persisted in the theory of
’ his being a detective. «

Mrs. Oakes gave herself no uneasiness about the
' matter until one evening, returning from shopping’
rather late, she was startled by seeing a tall man,
with short brown whiskers, watching her house
‘ ‘from the street corner.

'  Three or four times she observed the same man
in the neighborhood, his eyes usually toward her
hiruse. ‘ C ‘ a - ‘
e,wouI_d invariably’
V tiered, ‘with ~

24 * 

F

  

turn ancliwalk away when
of ‘perfect unconoe , l

      
      

FAME A AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

"-‘fact, he was seldom or never seen, save of a.

night, and was almostfrightened out of her wits «-

' Miss Harvey only knew that it was the garret ‘

. l'\00d W3-S aroused by the sharp report of’ a '

,_/T

  

  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
    
  
   
     
  
  
    
  
  
   

.Yet she never for a moment thought of ~c ,
necting the stranger in any way with her 'attic'«
lodger, until Grimshaw suggested theyrmight
pals planning to burglarize the house. _

Mrs._Oakes then suffered untold agony. _ \
. “I Wlll’Se§ that fellow, and see what his business
is,” she said to herself. “If he is some horribhn
burglar he shall not remain an hour in my hous j

'1_‘hat very night she caught a glimpse of,"t‘I
attic _lodger, as he ﬂitted by up the stairwa “
his dismal room. , 

Mrs. Oakes called after him. but he either M
11013 hear 01‘ did not care to answer. ~ '

He kept on until he reached his attic chamber
and. entering it, closed the door. ‘
The troubled lady chanced a moment later
look down upon the alley from the rear‘ garae
‘and discovered the same tall man. with she"
cropped whiskers, standing as if he had
placed there on guard. __
“I Wonder what he wants,” she said to herséiiit
asishe watched him from a rear window. ' * ;
- Fhe man was possessed of a frank, open '
tenance. and did not have the appearance of be
a burglar or a thief. _ _
‘I,will speak to him,” the landlady ﬁnall'_v -
to herself._ ‘and unless he can give some favm-,3 9.. _
réport of himself I Will call a policeman‘, and ‘see
if he cannot induce the stranger to quit the, he‘ ‘
borhood.” ' 
.She passed out at a small door into the .a ~
and _caine upon the stranger ‘without being7*
by‘him until she was almost at his side. ‘- v
i ‘What do you want here?” she asked. ._
The man started, and gazed a moment in
face of the woman. ‘ ~ ~-‘ *3 ‘ »
Then, in a voice somewhat confused, he ‘s
‘‘I Will go, madam. I will leave you now
Before the astonished woman could ‘ma
reply, he had turned about on his heels and di
peared down the alley. ’_/ ‘
‘Mrs. Oakes stood ,»l'ooking~ after the Il1aI’l.‘_ _ .
The aifair was now a_ greater mystery than ever
Could the stranger in the alley have ‘any’ ‘
nection whatev_er with her attic 1odger?,
Mrs. Oak_es ‘returned to her house, and
long interview with her conﬁdent1al- advise
Grlmshaw. V _‘ _ - .
Mr. G. adhered strictly to the burglary t
That night, after all had retired, the neigh .

 
        
 
 

  
  
     
 

  
     
    

   
     

     
  

  
     
     
  

   
 
    
    

   
     
  

  
  
 
  
    
        
 

  
    
  

    
  

 
 

ﬁred in the back alley. . « . ..
Mr. G1,-imshaw was buried in slumber, but,
shot brought him to his feet. '
Mrs. Oakes, in ‘night clothes, sprang fro
bed,_ and ran to the door of her room to just
a glimpse of a dark form as it ﬂitted up the
way. ' ‘ V \
Mrs. Oakes was half dead with fright.
She screamed murder, and Mr.‘ Grimsha. ‘
heard the cry, and supposed she was really
murdered, buried his head in the bed-clothe
remained there shivering until the entire "
was alarmed. »
hen he got up‘, dressed- him
the hall. . . _
s ‘all clock pointeﬁ-to-«tw
' . ' I "4

          
      
      
   
    
  

  
     
    

       
      
  
  

   

   
      

Self,  ca-‘m

 

       

   
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  

 sure and certain,’

.. “Some one has been murdered,”. replied,Mrs.
Oakes, who had partially dressed herself. "
¢“Who was killed?” asked another. ‘

“No one knows.”

,f‘Did you not hear a noise?”

 ‘Yes.” V '

'‘‘‘What was it?”

""-‘A pistol ﬁred.”

:1‘-‘Oh,pshaw,' _ . _
er," whose teeth were’_ actually chattering with

:“.fWho_‘saw anything?” asked Mr. Grimshaw.
"“I did,” replied Mrs. Oakes. -

' “What was it?”

"—“A dark form ﬂying up the stairway.”
“Who was it?”

i‘-‘»A man or demon.’_’

,Mrs. Oakes immediately ran to her room, com-
leted her dress, put on her hat and shawl, de-
laring she would go to the police headquarters,
ate as it was.

':"‘.We’re all going to be murdered, that is one
’ she cried. “I’m goin’ to
e an army of police about the house.” .
VIA wild, unearthly shriek came from the attic
chamber. _

-__“My goodness! What is that?” gasped Mr.
rimshaw, his teeth chattering with cold, of
‘Then came a wild,‘ ﬁerce pea] at the door-bell.

ing Mr. Grimshaw, who was a brave man and
giadlbeen in thirteen batitles, to escort her, she
~'w‘en't down to the front oor. -

_Mrs.. Oakes reached the door, and, casting a
izackward look up the stairway, found that ‘Mr.
rimshaw had suddeifly been seized with a‘ tem-
' ary 1zart2a.hlyti<éa_stroke,band was helplessly
ging o.» e s irway a ove.

Open. the door quickly!”

' human voice from without gave utterance to.
-= above.

l ‘Who is there?” answered Mrs. Oakes. Who
. er knew a woman that was afraid to speak?
.An ofiilcer of the law,” replied the same voice
‘ m‘wit out.

  
 
  
   
  
  
  

   
  
  

hat personage, above all others, was just the
, Mrs. Oakes wished to see.
‘ zéﬁlie surely need have no fears of a policeman

Joﬁicel-,, as she was on the point of going out
one herself.
uickly she unbolted and unlocked the door._
she did so the light from the street lamp
‘tion the form of the very man she had
‘ ~- watching her house, and whom she had
:1 in the rear alley.

Wjwas bareheaded, and_his hair and clothes
what disheveled and tom.

2 ‘looked as though he /had been engaged in
riﬁic struggle.

‘ness gracious! you here?” gasped Mrs.

    
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  

, madam. I am an oﬂicer of the law after
_ whom I have traced to your house.’?.

i 0 are‘ybu?3’ _ T

 rt Jennings, the detective."

   

'FA‘MElAl_\I‘D FQRTUNE WaEKLY~_ A

“Mrs. Oakes, with an energy of ‘despair, sum- i

,,ﬁo"are;you after?" demanded  Oakes. _’

  

  

 

“Harry Barnes, alias Richard Schooling,’ which
is his true name.” * ‘
‘Mrs. Oakes .was-thunderstruck. ’ »

She opened the door and the detective enter .

- He was a gentlemanly—1ooking man, yet there
was a lookaof determination on his face. _

They passed up the first ﬂight of stairs, and
Mr. Grimshaw, who had suﬁiciently 'recovered
flrom his momentary attack ofparalysis, followed
13 em. ' V

When they reached the first landing, Mr. Jen-
nings, the detective, demanded a light. . ,1 .

Mrs. Oakes went in her room, a d brought out
a handlamp. ‘ _ , p "

As soon as the rays of the lamp fell upon the
hall ﬂoor it displayed great red spots of blood.

“They are goin’ to fight upstairs there,”
whispered Mr. Grimshaw, hoarsely, retiring to
his room with a sudden ﬁt of the ague. . ‘

The other lodgers and boarders remained bie-
hind, but Mrs. Oakes accompanied the detective

"to the room of Harry Burns, the attic lodger.

When the door was reached it was found bolted.

The detective rapped, and demanded admit-
tance.

It not being opened, he place his shoulders
(against it and pushed it open, bursting in the

oor.

Holding the lamp above his head with one hand,
and the other near a pistol butt, he stepped inside
the room. T

Upon the bed, with his clothes on, yet ar-
tially beneath the bed covers, lay the attic lo ger.

His face was ghastly, and there was a .s_tony,.v

ﬁxed gaze _in his eyes. ,
“I am too late,” said the detective quietly. “The
work is done.”

Mrs. Oakes, with hands clasped and eyes dis-f 

tended with horror, followed closely behind the
detective, who, with the lamp in his right hand,
approached the bed and lifted the quilt.

“He is dead.” ' p _ ’
_ Mrs. Oakes uttered a shriek which soon brough
several others to the room.

Upon the bed they saw a handsome face, cold
and staring in death. g

An examination revealed the fact that the shot "

ﬁred by the detective had passed in below the

left shoulder-blade, near the heart, and had"

proved fatal.

“This young man,” said the detective, “has for
two years been escaping justice, He murdered
his uncle in Philadelphia by means of, poison.
His uncle was wealthy,‘ and he his only heir. His
real nameis Richard Schooling, and the uncle
whom he murdered had reared him. His name
was Thomas Schooling, .and_he was very wealthy
and a childless widower. Richard’s uncle was_
about to marry a young woman, and, it seems,
the nephew, to prevent what mi ht place a dan-

erous heir between himself an the fortune he

’ iad always considered his own, committed mur-

der. Now you have the whole mystery._I have
been on his trail for two years, and have traced
him to this house. In a personal encounter to-
 Inﬁred the shot which deprived him of

is ie. - ’

The body" was removal to police headquarters, S» 3

after the inquest, and en sent to Philadelphia.
to a sister of the deceased.

Mrs. Oakes and her boarders have not, and,‘

never will forget, the Attic ‘Lodger.

 

 

29  :7.:'.‘.

   
 

 

 

 

     

.( ,

\

 

. FREEDOM OF THE TOES
Maurice de Waleﬁe, one of the best. known

9 ‘French writers on‘ feminine fashions,’ is I urging
French women to wear sandals ‘instead of shoes.

‘ , 'He says the time has come, now that women have

 emancipatedother parts of their anatomy, togive
t-heirtoesi rightfu1‘freedom. ' l '

 

additional feminine charm but would improve a
wo‘man’s carriage by making her step‘ more
elastic.

 

‘ LION AND CAMEL UP AT AUCTION OF
. PARK ZOOANIMALS HERE

-2_Want .a lion, baby camel, hyena, puma or zebu
' b1;11_l.for a house pet? Henry, Brady will auction
at" the Sh‘eep,fo,ld,'Sixty-sixth street and Central
j Park West, the followifn animals, surplusilive
v :stock~'oWned_ by the Park _epartmefnt: .
_"Five Old Dorset ewes, twelve‘ ram lambs, one
' lioness with two cubs‘, one lion, one babyicamel

"one hyena, one puma, .one zebu bull, ‘one fat-tail
and‘ one '. air ofjred deer. ’ There will also
be placed on e b1ock,?2‘4 pounds of sheep wool.

  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
      

 

OFFERS AVIATION F-LAG
 , i _ IlESIGN~

A, design for an aviation ﬂag afar‘ the United’
ﬁgteg lrlisis been proposed by Representative Crail

., p a .2 .
”7'Tl'1‘e sky-—blue ﬁeld of ‘the ﬂag would hear a
bronze American eagle with wings extended, hold-
ingin "its talons "an airplane propeller and ‘an
"olive branch. On thebreast of’ the eagle" would
bean American shield in red, white and blue,
andrabove its head a white star. A blue star,‘ 9.’
: purple star, and two’ gold palm branches also
" "would be imprinted upon the ﬂag, »

IOONGRESSMAN

   
    
  

STONES non WAR GRAVES REPLACE
- woon caossss ._ .

_ A ‘V The wooden crosses used to mark the graves of
’ World War dead in American cemeteries in, Eu-

and will be ‘destroyed. .
" Secretary of War Davis ‘has decided that this
i ‘is the one certain way to avoid the possibility of
= the wooden crosses falling into the hands of those
Whopmight ex loit them; ,
’  Marble mar ers already re lace t-he“crosses in
Brookwood, Aisne-Marne, '
+M‘ihie1 and Suresnes National Cemeteries. . ‘

 
  
    
 
   
   

COLOMBIA 66% DRYL SAYE ‘FOR
VIOLATIONS

After. receiving reports ‘of unusual mirth and
hilarity in cafes and other public places recently,
,the¥'newsp'aper Emptiempo Espectador to-day
calls atte1‘r'2a'on to the fact that provisions of the
of liquor between 8~.A. ’M.=’arT_:d:' _4. P. M.,.not

; ‘B. M. to 8+A."M.,’ as some dispensers and
§trOnS"éYidEn'§1y»;;th0118h§t$ . =  f ,  ,_ i

     
 

'11  iNn:a"i~p¢RiuNE, WEEfKLYt_‘.   p _ J

 

A '-"*'To‘es,- if ‘free,’ he says,’ would’ not only be "an,

’9«~Petition——‘anythi‘ng to.-‘lprevent the. Presideiik

‘so. mistreated ‘on his ’vacation.‘* “ ~ '~

.. seems to be little authentic information abon 3..

rope are being replaced with marble head-stones ~

. they are sometimes washed ashore_in‘lazrg
anders Field, St~..~

. land shore line._ The natives visited the «

new Dry Law in Colombia ‘ﬁx thehours for sale’

 1a'c,ious‘*’beI ers »are;seia:sn; held today;

 
  
   
   
    
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
     
   
 
  
   

 

The _Dry Law, which became effectivexlune
makes Colombia dry _for sixteen hours ,eu;r,.§
every twenty-four‘ and altogether on’Sundaysv‘a‘n
holidays. " g V 

MVOSQ-UITOES MANEATERS AT. COOLIDGE
CAMP, IF LOGGER KNOWS TI-IEHBAUG-."
_The selection of Brule, Wis., for the sumiii
White House has so aroused Allan D1 
that ;he. is.consi.dering a march on Washingto

making What he fea_rs will be'“a big mistake.
, McDonald, a retired logger,‘is angry‘ ’to‘)th1fil
the Nation would stand by and see the Prevsidge‘

“Va‘cation‘,’v” -McDonald laughed; “It willﬁi-;i
the President to spend the summer there. .I, 
1ogs_on Brule Creek. _ I_ see by-the papersjh
call it Brule River now.‘ ‘ -- . V “i
V “‘Let me tell you‘ something,’ {and this. isit
solemn -truth; so help me J asper; The mosqui;
are so bad there I’ve seen them blind ineiri; 
used to ‘hang pieces of I gork on our s“us‘e_' ‘ ‘W
for them to feed on. T ey buzz iaroun
bunch of tractors ‘so you'c‘an’t sleep.”  _'

kw-I-I

HEN CLAM OF NEW ENGLAND LITT
KNOWNTO SCIENCE 
Occasionally visitors to the New England" 
notice piles of what look like super-clam«sh'_" :'
which is precisely. what “they are. They’ "
washed’ up*-by very ‘heavy easterlies; -r '
know them as hen clams and~when.eaten
they are found to posse.ss,a delicious ﬂavor
are not_,.at all tough .-despite their (size, ',T1;_’e

 
   
   
    
 

 
 
   
 

  
     
  
  

species of bivalve, its habits and habitats,‘

.Lewis Radcliffe, Acting Commissioner, ‘
United States Bureau of Fisheries, sa ‘s:«
hen clam of the New England coast is a so-1; '
in other localities as the surf,cl/am. It is ital:
in moderate numbers in the’ mud ﬂatszbeﬁf 
the tidal limits. It isbelieved to occur in l
number in deep water, in .p'1ac"és 'not.rea¢i
the averageclam ﬁsherman. After great

 
 
  
      
       
   

bers.- The‘ biology of this clam ~ha"s" no,
studied to any extent, and very litt1e”'is ‘
regarding its habits.” . ‘ ,'
— A study! of early recorcls,,however,I_in/
that there was Va “time when the hen
shell’ was ‘considered a necessary arti
nearly every butterylocated ‘near the New:

   
          
  

 
    
  
      
    
     
  

  
  

after storms and gathered great numbers _r
shell-ﬁsh.‘ ‘Only a: part_of‘the contents was
and there was a general belief that certa'
were poisonous; A j_ ,  A
No. furtheriback' than fifty.yea'rs 
men would eat.,any‘ clam in A miner; 
garded clams like oysters-—as un‘pal_atable_i.g*
month the " -Th "

  
 

      
  
  
 
  

had not th'e’”letter ‘

   

    
  
   

  
    

Ems “

3

  
  
    
   
  
   
    
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
   
   
  

,' H01-IENZOLLERN PRINCE” TRIES BEE
‘V’ RAISING IN GUATEMALA

-Prince Sigismund of Prussia, second son of the
former Kaiser’s brother, Prince Henry, is deter-
mined‘ to be master of his own fate in Guatemala.
_ According to letters received by the Hohenzol-
em family, Sigismund has decided to raise bees,
and hopes to export honey to the Fatherland.

evolution, Sigismund cast about for an occupa-

, in Guatemala. ,
Later he bought land and tried to cultivate
: Now‘ he haschanged his occupation again.

 claimed to have destroyed more wooden ships
n all naval wars in history and to have

c_l.ikes~~»and Wwharf foundations, was announced
. eeently as‘ having developed by the Chemical
‘ Waﬁare Service of the War Department.

re ‘small pests bearing the names Teredo,
ankia, Mantessa and Limnoria, have been going
some time. A derivative of Lewisite——chlor-
n-ylarsenious o_xide—has perfprmed the trick
with its high toxic properties. The borers riddled

it? ‘strips, but were stopped upon reaching the
yiling treated with the newly developed solution.

‘ SKELETON IN COURT

The headliess skeleton of a man, used to sup-
‘ _ the testimony of expert witnesses, was
V, 5g',led. before the jury yesterday in Federal
curt,‘ -Brooklyn, in the suit of Nathan‘J. Moore,
ty-three, of No. 2020 Grand Avenue, the Bronx,
mg, the Pennsylvania Railroad Company for
5,000 damages.

"‘£‘he1'jury, which retired at 11 A. M., was called
¢_1;. by Judge Moscowitz shortly before 6 o’clock
;d",instructed to return a. sealed verdict, to be
ned Monday. .
Moore, a clerk in the Railway Mail Service,
-l.;i£ged_-that Jan.’ 4, 1927, the train going at a
"' rate of speed, stopped without warning,
ecking him against a pouch rack, imuring him,
he alleged he had not been able to work since.

 

,FROM«“OVg§ THERI3” BOLT PARADE

S.O .

  

ndignant because they were alloted a position
the ‘line of march of the Memorial Da parade
‘” dtlie Sons of Veterans, members 0 Walker

'iPost, American Legion, bolted the general

tion and staged a parade of their own. .

fording to Commander Walter J .‘ Corrine,‘ the
7‘ - res were told ‘by,’ a committee of the

     

were u_kB99 

N191?

   

Aunt EORTUNE WEEKLY

K tion. ,1-Ie ﬁrst became manager of an importing 2

SCIENCE FIl~I_DS REMEDY AGAINST SHIP.
 _ . , BORERS” -
Awdefense against terrors of the seas, which _

ought equally heavydestruction on wooden

-Experiments against these sea terrors, which‘,

     

"V. tiliatigthe older»-men‘ carried on when.the_

 1‘-2 ’ 1  ;r<i'«E'¢:_ ,«jVlj' ’

31

CURRENT NEWS

“Well, you didn’t precede us to France,” was
Conine’s retort at a meeting of the parade com-
mittee called to patch up matters. ,

Representatives of the post went to Haddon
Heights, where a'Legion rally was held, and got
about ﬁftymembers of Sokith Jersey neighbor-
ing posts to assist them inga parade. The gen-

‘ 7 eral parade was held without the Legionnaires. 5
. While his older brother was content to remain ' ' . . -
zi”,'his father's estate at Hemmelmark, after the «

 HEAD or FLYING SCHOOL, LACKING
- PILOT’S LICENSE, HAS TO STAY
. ON GROUND

l -  B. Clark, manager of the Roosevelt‘Field , t

'1' School, has been forbidden by,the Department
of‘ Commerce to ﬂy his own airplanes. ‘

Clark, who received considerable publicity over
his‘ alleged threat to “use revolvers if necessary"
< to. keep‘Cha'rles A. Levine's Bellanca monoplane’

during Miss Mabel Boll’s preparations for a

. trans-Atlantic take-off, is said to have failed to

provide for himself a pilot’s license.

’All the planes used’ by Roosevelt Field Flying’ "

School are duly licensed, hence Clark may not use
them. He could ﬂy an unlicensed plane-without
violating the law, but he contented himself with
staying on the ground and directing the work
of his instructors. “Buddy,” who is army trained
and holds a commission in the reserve, will. sit
down at Curtiss Field with pencil and paper to
answer written questions of his “ﬂying exams.”
Then he will go up with an inspector to show

that his airmanship merits a transport pilot’s-

license.

HISTORY BY OSGOOD WINS LOUBAT
PRIZE

“American Colonies \' in the Eighteenth Cen-“I 
tury,” the posthumous work of Prof. Herbert L. - 
Osgood of Columbia University, has won the. 

Loubat Prize of .$1,000, awarded every ﬁve years
for the best book in English language on the his-
tory, geography, archaeology, ethnology, philology
‘ or numismatics of North America, it was an-
nounced at Columbia University. ‘

‘ Second prize of $400 went to Dr. Herbert J.‘ 

Spinden, ‘curator of Mexican archaeology and

ethnology at the Peabody Museum-of Harvard‘ 
University, for his “The Reduction of 'Maya‘ 

\ Dates.”

Dr. Osgood was a member of the Faculty of - 
Columbia from 1890 until his death in 1918. The ‘ '
rize winning book, a continuation of “American

Colonies in the Seventeenth Century,” which won“

the Loubat"‘Pri.ze in 1908, was published by the
Columbia University Press in 1924. The manu-
script was prepared for printing by Prof. Dixon

Ryan Fox of the History Department of Colum- 1 _ 3’ 1‘

bia, a son-in-law of Dr. Osgood.

The competition, established by J. F. Loubat in
1893, is open to all. J udges this year’ were P-rofg

   

Evarts B_. Greene, Frederic <12. Paxson and 
M» ‘Tozzer. " . '

     

Ilia? be if 

Columbia from “trespassing" on Roosevelt Field, C

 

 

      

 . f 1137 The

T !_].4Q A

* 11541 Phi},
' - ~ 0 * _.
; 1155 Samson, the Boy Blacksmith; or, From the

E 1130 Up Against’ a Hot

-— Latest Issues‘ 4-

Boy Ice King; or, Coining Money From
the River. A

1138 Four of a Kind; or, The Combination that
1 ‘ Made Wall Street Hum. 1

1139 Bob Brandon Contractor; or The Treasure
~ That Led To Fame. ;
Boy From the South; 01', Cleaning Out a

Wall Street Crowd. «

::11:41'_Hal. the Hustler; or, The Feat That Made
1 Him Famous. I

 V. 1142 A Mad Broker’s Scheme; or, The Corner that

Couldn’t Be Worked.

Worked a Silver Mine.

-1:11-14 Billy Black. the Broker's Son; or, The
' C‘ 01'

st Boy in Wall Street.

1' 71!145'Ad1-ift In the Sea; or, The Treasure of

Lone Reef. '
1146 The Young Wall Street ‘Jonah; or, The Boy
* Who Puzzled the Brokers. ; . «' 1

." '1 11.1147 Wireless Will; or, The' Success of a Young

Telegraph Operator. ‘

 ;‘ 1148 Wall Street Jones; or Trimming the Tricky

._ .,Tr,aders. . g
, 1149 Fredthe Faker; or, The Success of a Young
, ‘A. . . Street Merchant. 1 .

1160 The Lad From. ’Frisco; or, Pushing the
 «  “Big Bonanza.” "

' . 1151 The Lure of Gold; or, The Treasure of

I V . coiiin Rock. L
.1152 Money Maker Mack; or, The Boy ‘Who

‘ Smashed a Wall Street "Ring."
.1153 Missing For a Year; or, Making a Fortune
‘ in Diamonds. 1  ‘ .

the Plunger, ’o,r;.A Nervy Boy's Game
Chance. 1 , » V .- '

_ Anvil to Fortune.

1156 Bob’s’ Big Risk; or, The Chance That Came
‘ V ' But_0nce. V
.i"1‘-W’

‘ureof Van Dieman’s Land.‘

 “Old Mystery,” the Broker’; or, Playing ‘a

Daring Game.

 Capital, One Dime; or, -Boring His ,Way to

Fortune. V

Chums, in Wall Street.’ . ,, .

gueney or postage stainps.

Stranded in the Gold Fields; or, The Treas-

A1 1143 Dollars From Dust; or, The Boys Who’

' 1171

A1175
I 1176 A “Live” Boy; or. Quick to Get

Game; or, Two Collegél

11161 A Big Contract; or, The Poor Boy Who the
162 Bensorfs N B ; ‘wh ' 
Wall stre§t"Ma3iEet.°r’ °°pmg “.9 ‘th
Driven to_ Work; or, A Fortune Fro
Shoestring. .  -
The we t M k 1: - ‘-
yChance3s, ll’? wall estreeliey’ or’ T9. ’
Makin His Fortune; or, The Deal ‘of
Pluc y Boy. 
X6 ’

1163
1164

1165

1166 The Stock Exchange Boys; or, The

Speculators of ‘Wall Street. .
Season;  of Gold; or, How a Plucky ' “

Dick, The Wall Street Waif;-1 or, - Ft" ‘
Newsboy to Stockbroker. ‘ 
A<gl§tDoer1Sétrl;e Drinoco; ‘or, The Tireasurer

Silent Sam of Wall Street; or-,. A Wand

Run of Luck. : l V
Always on the Move; or. The Luck ,5
senger 99. _ ' :
Happy—Go-Lucky Jack; or, The Boy..___
Fooled the Wall Street Brokers. 
Earning a Trade; or, On ‘the.Roacl t 
tune. . ‘ I V [V I l . I I.
Buyin on Margin; or,» The Boy  
) the oney.-’ “   _ ,
Joe Darc:y’sv Treasure Hunt; pr, Th
‘ of the Island Cave. 1 . 1 ‘

1167
1167

1169

1170

1172
1173
1174

D the Do;

“A Barrel of Coin; or, The I.':.ck of‘
Trader.”. t e ‘ ‘

“Driven to the Wall; or, The”Ne'"‘
Wall Street -Boy.” 

 3::    Li

Goliinogxgga, the Limit; or, A Big Rislci. For

Up To Him; 01-. Running VI-lies.-1' AF
Business. 7 _‘ — 
“Back—Number .Bixby”; or,
‘Who Was Up to the Minute.

A Young Barn11m;Hor, Striking It“ 1 

. the Show ‘Business. ‘  ,‘ '

The Brotherh of Gold; or, A,

Wall Street’_Ga'me. V   ff’

Ed, the Express Boy; or,‘ His‘Ov’vn
to Fortune. 1”

1171
1178
1179
1186
1181
1182 f"The
1183
1184
1185

1186 The Stolen» Bondsifor, How;   D
. Will Made;His. Ma17k._ ~

.- I«‘or‘sule"li'y all newsdealers, or willbe sent to any address on 1-eeeilxit‘ of ‘mite,’ 8 cents; 

7
5 .

     

