/J:Im'z’ H'e¢'1'.fy. 1;’); ;:r1';‘I1L'2z $2.5: fer year. V1.1’-L‘/.1 _-. Jlatt. r 41/ Mr A.

E; E38,,

NEWT YORK, Am zo,_ 1«,i07.‘H

Legayah bent before his queen with stately courtesy. and took her hand and kissed it. “We
are ready, ldayah.” he said, ‘\-

       

   
      
      

[R]ﬂ@[Ki’N<?ElW° ‘SE3
3 §lli§l1_—37

laud Wally. By :ub.v:rx';m'on ‘use per year. Entered as Smmd-class Matter at tlae N. Y. Post Oﬂice. by STREET & surra, 794; Seventh Anna.
N. Y. Entered aecnrdixgto Act of Canp-cs: in tie year 1907. in the Oﬂite 0)‘ Me Librarian of ampm. IVa:hin(ton, D. C‘.

A No. 538. A A __ NEW YORK, April 20, I907. Prieevhive Cent:.A__

 

 

n

T he Seven-headed Monster;

OR,

NICKA CARTER’S MIDNIGHT CALLER.

  

J

‘Edited by CHICKERING CARTER.

A CHAPTER I. But more than that-—and this was what was -» 
mg u;55AGE ON THE gmoog‘ through  Carter's  at thC moment; Whit

‘wk can" lmked down at the thing on the ﬂoor in him shrug his shoulders and smile rather uneasily?

.. . A -1 - I A d had just entered his own house, having arrived 
 d :°’f;'nmd.=’ shrugged hm ﬁhouldcxs Sm} ed gnm Y an trip down-town to the Central Office of police, w

A;  the  A ‘ ' ‘ A had seen, as he supposed, Zanabayah locked in a ,
e__ lain, white sheet of letter-pa r of the ordi- A _
‘Ed the inscription W33 primcdpaecross it in ad more remarkable, Ten-Ichx was one of that guard A

"W -   in large, A gla;'ing' letters which ‘
i had aforeign twist to thern in spite of the effort
4 Q   made to ‘render them entirely

    
    
   

  
   
    
     
   
    
      
 
 
  

  

  

 
 

was put there.
And yet here, when Nick returned to his A
cended the stairs. and entered his private st -
. ‘ , M A.  ‘ ‘owin the dose of his was a sheetof paper onthe ﬂoor in front of hiAm,A
W“   ’ﬁ r  so pfomimmlyg the name in red crayon: “Zanabayah, the Tar-rs'bAAIq;, ‘
 ima personal strixggle between Nld‘ t°°k1h¢ P3P¢" 51'0"‘ 31° 50°? and . A‘
‘ . ,A,_,. zambgyah was oftgn cam,-d, more closely; then he held it up to the light 
f  A333,, fwd c,-cpg upon mg the .wa,ter-mark; thenxhe laid it carelessly on “
this‘ advantage had me,-°om¢ and, striding across the room to the window.
1wf'jm;,‘wA1,dg, of gin ju.jutgu there with his hands clasped behind hitm. -
 A Q‘ A -. A a‘ upon nothing in partieularwbut thinking, ;.A
_ Thetime was three o'clock in the afternoon‘ '
e  ‘tam niclock 

 
 

   
   

    
    
 
    

 
 

   

 

      
 

'  

  
  

V

 

   
  
   
    
   
 
 
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
    
   
  

— y after that. At two he had stopped for a short
t police headquarters. While theie he had gone
7 to_the cell where Zanabayah was conﬁned, because
2' _  to exchange a few words with Ten—Ichi, who
‘been made one of the members of the guard of three

V ‘request.

  Zanabayah had been there at the time, for Nick
had spoken to him and had been answered; and there
shad never been a doubt or the thought of a doubt in the
mind of the detective respecting the identity of the man
 was a prisoner.

, t is true that at the time he was arrested—overcome
’ ﬁg Ten-Ichi in the struggle they had together, Zanabayah
”' _ u been made up to represent Nick's friend Gerald
' uck; but he had been compelled to remove that dis-
,_ as soon as he was a prisoner, and he had then stood
7 ed to the police in his own proper person-—at least
 knew that person—-of Zanabayah. J

33‘ l; lithe, supple, handsome, with ﬂashing black eyes,
I  features, gleaming white teeth, haughty bearing,
iforent 'ma.nner——and always with a devilish smile of
mo and impudence; it had never occurred to the de-
‘ e that there could be any mistake about his identity.
 e was no such idea in his mind now. ,
,,i¢l< had never supposed that Zanabayah was in the
_ alone; without ample assistance to aid him in car-
-. out his devilish work.

A -u the detective had had ample proof of that fact,
on now, in the Tombs there was one of his fol-
’ = fellow who had impersonated his. master to

‘ ‘Nick Carter.
" wasn't exactly thething that was puzzling Nick
ptrtieulanmonrent, although it should freely ‘be
thathe thought of it" more than once as he stood
the window bolting out at nothing.
---u _-in the mind of the detective was, how. did
getintotheroomwherehe foundit?
"‘ "w“  cﬂﬂeﬁs  ., \
g are familiar with the almost sacredneas‘ with
 Qreserved the privacy of that particular ‘room.
 friends were ever asked to enterit;
‘there by the detective for any purpose what-
‘eqnivaleut to an announcement _* of intimate
«  _ . J
ivliathe  in asking himself.
 vilet} all the time
’  went  accustomed place
_‘ﬂiH.7fo'r tteﬁlet! the position of butler as

 J  ,

Nick’: ‘‘ ; l,°¢.Wi'lfh‘’h§‘.'~3P1'm8Jv ' , lock.
 “got Joseph‘
 ‘pa.

had been placed over the prisoner; and this at his R

int ,0! receiving a bullet through his hand from the '

a your absence?” 1 J _ V 5

NEVV NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

It was the month of June, to be sure, andgthe study-
window was open to admit the soft air of summer; but
the room was on the second ﬂoor of the house, at the
rear; the block was a solid one all around that square;
and, anyhow, it was absurd to suppose that at that hour
of the day any person would have had the hardihood
to have dared to enter surreptitiously the house and the
private room of Nick‘ Carter, the detective.

And yet, some person had been there.

At least, that sheet of paper had been left there.

It had not—it could not, have done so——<:ome there of
its own volition. Sheets of paper liaven’t wings with
which to fly about, nor have they brains with which to
direct themselves.

The paper was there. It had been written upon. or,
rather, printed upon, with red crayon, and it had been in-
tended to convey a message to the detective.

A message of what?

The detective smiled to himself again, and once more
shrugged his shoulders.

“Of course,” he mused, “it was intended to give me the
impression that Zanabayah is still at large, notwithstand-
ing my belief that he is at this moment in a prison cell
at police headquarters; and equally. of course, the thing
has been done by direction of Zanabayah, and by one of
his followers. ‘

“But/how? How was it done? That is the question?

“The héuse is locked—was locked. Joseph is on duty
—--was on duty, doubtless, all the time, in the hall below.

“This room was locked, as it always is locked when I
am ndt inside of it.” _

He turned rather impatiently and pressed the button
which called Joseph to him; and when, a' moment. later,
the valet entered the room, Nick said to him:

“Who has been here since I went out, immediately

after luncheon P”

.‘'No one, sir,” was the instant reply.

"Are you quite sure of that, Joseph ?"
J “Certainly, sir.”

“Then I will tell you that you are mistaken. Some-
body has been here. Somebody has been‘ in this room-.

K Somebody has left a message for me, here. How do you

account for it, Joseph P”

“I cannot understand it at alli” V
“Were you absent from the house at all while I was
out?" '

“Yes. sir. I went to the drug-store; but I wds not
gone more than a quarter of an hour.”

“Well, even so, you did not leave the house alone, or .

the front /door unattended to, did you? I have never.
known you to do that.” ‘ ‘

I "No, sir. I‘ called the housekeeper. She  am
she would attend to the bell, if it rang while_,I was ou\t.’’. ’ 
''.‘‘Did she ,mention that any piersonihad called during 

1

 

 

    
     
    

. “On the contrary, she assured me that nobody had

called.”

_ “That will do, Joseph. Thank you. You may send
Chick to me, if you will.” ’‘

Ivshould not like to think that.”

g “No, Joseph. You are never that. I know that. It
' is only another Zanabayah mystery; that is all.”

A “Zanabayah, sir? I thought he was locked in a cell
at police headquarters.”

“So did I, Joseph. In fact, I saw him there-or
thought I did——less than an hour ago.” '

“Then it could not have been he, sir.” _

 ' “No-—I don’t think so-—but it might have been one of
his followers. I suppose he has many of them in the
city, although, as a matter of fact, I am only sure of
, the presence of one—and he is also locked up at the
 present momsnt-” . , ‘

‘ "Pardon me, sir; but are you sure that somebody has
5 been here,’ Is it not possible-—”

 ' h _The detective pointed toward thesheet of paper which
I .  still lying on the table. , .

V’; “That was left here during my absence,’.’ he said. “I
‘found it lying in the middle of the floor, face up’, staring
at me when I entered the room.” ’

1 Joseph regarded the sheet of paper with the red print-
- ‘ing‘oh it, as if it were _a snake; at lasthe said:

“I know nothing about it, sir,”

“I did\not suppose you did when I called you to me.
But I wished to make sure that you had not admitted
  person to the house. Where are my guests?”
'L‘,,‘.‘Mr. Starbuck and madam are in their rooms, sir.
-. They have not appeared since luncheon.”

 “Very good. « You need not disturb them now unless
Either of them should start to go out. In that case say
to them or to either of them that I would like to speak
with both of them before they go upon the street again.”
  sir.” i

. »“-And now, send Chick to me. After that, when I ring
 you may ask Mr. Starbuck to come to me here-

 

  

   

  

  

  

  

:  you may go. Tell Chick at once.”

*:It_was only a moment laterwhen Chick entered the
, _~ and closed the .door after him; and as he stepped
I d t_he'centet'of the room Nick pointed again/at the
_, of; paper lying upon the table, and Chick took it in

   

   of it?! thedetective asked at
I should wear a

 
     

uedtion. till

NEW NICK CARTER ‘VVEEKLY.

“I hope, sir, that I have not been remiss in my duties?’

 penetration. _But . " I
' '1' ‘i i i I ‘of those birds would come herewith 3 ....._.A.

  

, L

in the middle of the floor when I entered the room I ’ 
short time ago. ,Nobody has called. I had just come 
from headquarters, where I exchanged a few words with ‘ '
Zanabayah himself. How did it get inside this room?
You haven’t been trying to play some sort of a joke on
me, have you I?’

“Do you think that I would do such a thing as that,
Nick?”

“No, I don’t. But the paper was there, Chick.”

Chick raised his right hand and pointed silently toward
the open window. '

 

.———-j.

CHAPTER II.
SEVEN Livmc. DANCERS.

The detective turned toward the window, was silent
moment, and then turned back again to his assistant.

“I have thought about that," he said. “I quite realize
that it would be the only way; tcas the only way, in fact ;
and yet—it seems preposterous."

“VVhy P” ' .

“Well, even if Zanabayah had brought to this country, 
from the Sacred Valley, one of his ﬁying—machines,- he
would hardly make use of it right here in the city of
New York in the middle of a midsummer day.” _

“Have you forgotten that those machines can be made ‘ I
practically invisible?”

“No; I have forgotten nothing."

“Well, if it is the only way, it must be the way.”

' Nick shook his head.

“It isn’t the only way," he said. “There is one other.
We weren’t in the Sacred Valley long enough to have ,
any practical experience with the messengebpigeons.
they use there; we did not even see any of them, 
remember; but you will recall the fact that long
when we first knew about Idayah and Starbuck, that
used the messenger birds, trained in her country,‘
carry messages to the man she loved.” T

“Yes. I do remember; but I had. forgotten for
moment.”

“They raise in her country, you will remember, a -
of carrier—pigeons which are trained to carry messag‘
as well as from, distances. They are like our own ca
pigeons, only they are very much wiser and better -
Idayah told me about them once. She said that in
to teach a bird to carry a message to a certain place‘
bird had to be taken to that place at least once, and L
taught a word which represented that particular - _ I
its intelligence. For example, if a bird‘ had been a g
to this room and were taught to associate this 
the name ‘Nick,’ it would thereafter bring a messagd
that was fastened to it, if that word were 
“Well? What more do you want to 
—“I want a lot more, Chick. In the first place, s

      
     
   
     
 
     

 
 

   
     
    
  

    
     
       
    
   
  

  

  
    

       
  
   
  
    
 

   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
      

   
    
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
    
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
   
   
  
 
  
   
  
  
   

ind been here once before; and I am very certain
not one of those birds has ever been in this room.
w anyhow,‘ I don't see that it does us any sort of good
‘speculate, as to how the message came here. It is
2’-unﬂicient that it is here.”
_"‘Yes.” ' v
‘.‘And that it wasn’t placed here for nothing.”
 _3"Evidently not."
-“It is intended to remind us that Zanabayah is not
down and out yet. As a matter of fact, Chick, we are
‘even sure that it is Zanabayah who is in prison now.”
“Eh 2" ’
 “The man we suppose to be Zanabayah may be another
inpersonator of him, just as is that fellow who is now
the Tombs. Don't forget that until I knew better, I
- - I that he was Zanabayah.” '
Clliclpnodded. Then he said:
-?‘.-Possibly Idayah might be able to throw some light
' -this puzzle." V _
Possibly. - I have thought of fhatf and yet-—-I dislike
tlisturb her serenity again. She has seemed so'n'fuch
‘I  case since Zanabayah--or the man we suppose
him:-has been locked up. Only this morning they
" of going to their own apartments, which are now
for them, only that I insisted upon their remaining
--. -. for another week.”
" _  same, I would call her here and let her know
L  t it. She has got nerve enough. I have never
her show the white leather yet.”
1,,
' ‘pressed the button in the wall. Five minutes
» ‘e. was a gentle tap at the door, and Idayah star-
who was once Idayah, the goddcIs——entered
_ ,  brightly upon her friends who were
her. ,A beautiful woman, in all the glow of
 and young motherhood; once a queen,
Mrshiped as 9. goddess in her own count.ry;_the
  , bitter hatred and undying enmity and
oflanabayah the Terrible. I _ , ,
would seem to be‘ a oosu.lta.tion,?’- she said
entered andidropped into the chair which
_ , to her. ~_~ . . ’ . - ‘
 . “It is a business’ ‘ consuls-

_oner3_sbe inquired  - ‘

yes, I thank-ass  serious.”
3  r V. v I. I

is  I .

  
  
   

 
 

 handed  the  at

‘ ington.” .

 

 I ‘ I ‘ NE\VAl2\'lCK CARTER WEEKLY-

“The villain!
tive.!”

“Eh ?” said Nick. “How is that, Idayah ?"

“The red crayon. Only the royal household may use it
in conveying an order. He has dared to make use of it
in writing his name.”

“The point is, Idayah, do you think that he wrote it
himself ?” » .

“Undoubtedly.”

“Why P” .

“None of his followers, however bold, would dare to
use that pigment.”

“And yet it isn’t an hour since I left police headquar-
ters, and while there I saw and talked with Zanabayah——
or with the man whom we suppose to be Zanabayah.”

“Well?” she asked, smiling again.

“When I returned from there I found that paper in the
middle of the floor of this room, which was locked and
which is always kept locked. Now, there are two ques-
tions: If Zanabayah made those characters on that pa-
per, how did he get it out of his prison cell after he had
done it? And, supposing that he could get it out of his
cell—-whicli I do not admit-how was it brought to this
room and /left here for me to discover ?”

Idayah pointed toward the open window, as Chick had
done. 4 .5
“Weill ?” asked Nick.

“It came through that window, of course,” said Idayah.

“You are replying to the second question ﬁrst ; but we
will proceed with it. Tell me how it could come through

He has dared to use the royal preroga-

' that window?”

“There are several ways in which the people of my
country could have brought it here or sent it here.”

Nick nodded. '

“I have thought of two of them,” he said, “but both
seem to be rather out of the question.” _

“You have probably not thought of the most likely
one at all. But tell me how you have tried to explain it.”

"I have thought of your messenger birds; but I am re-
minded that not one ofiyour messenger birds has ever
been in this room; and, if that is so, one of them would
not know how to ﬁnd it.” I ‘

“That is quite true. I do not ‘think the paper was
brought here by a messenger bird.” '

“I have thought of the ﬂying machines.’ But we do not I
know—-in fact, we do not think that Zanabayah brought
oneof thosemachines here with him. We decided, you
and, I, that he came, without one of them; and even
ii____n — v

“I do not think it was a ﬂying-machine. I do not
think there is one in this country, except that ‘one which
we presented to the government, and it is now in Wash-

  
     

   
    

_“’I'l1a_t brings me to theend.
 .:“I..‘l'§it~ '2‘.  u » t i 

 
    

   

    
  
  
   

‘or a»::_«».:,,-., 

-  . ...-  ' .
4- « V- .e_. .. <~ ~ » ~.,

1)

“You have forgotten, entirely, one thing, Nic , said
Idayah, ﬁxing her dark eyes upon him and smiling as if
she were not at all disturbed by the incident.
-_.‘ “I suppose I have forgot a lot, as a matter of fact. But

what.  thing do you now refer to that I have for-
gouen ?” i
' it “A very Iwcessary part of those same ﬂying-machines,
T Ilvllich I have explained to you more than once”.

“Possibly. What is it?" -

p “The compressed gas we use in the Sacred Valley. The
fwonderful lifting power——to you who had never known
(about it before--of that gas; the aerial clothing we wear
iwhen we voyage in the ‘dumb-birds,’ as we call them.”
 “I  I am catching on now, Idayah.”

9’ "Just, try to recall to your mind things that I have ex-
plained to you about that powder——which is a residuum of
3 leurrieonyium--from which the gas is produced. It's lift-
»  power is equal, as you have been told, to its bulk in
T;cuum'Ion stone. We do not call it a lifting power, how-
_ ever.. We give it another name which signiﬁes, if it were
‘ translated into your language, that it neutralizes the at-
 of gravitation. Its ‘lifting power being equal in
weightto its  in stone, it follows that if we had here
this room a bag of that compressed gas equal in size
’ 10 your-body, it would reduce your weight to nothing at
p , and you would re'sf as lightly on the ﬂoor as if you
are a feather. I do not intend :3 suggest that you are
 of stone, but that is the rimilie ‘which I think you
 understand  ’

“I remember about the powder now.”
“Very well. Then remember also that although your
weight would be reduced, your strength would remain the
same. If,yob stood outside of this house on the street,
_‘if you had in your possession in a bag concealed in.
yot‘:r=dothing a sufficient quantity of that‘ gas to reduce
1 H ‘  to a minimum, you would, with an ordinary
   applied to it, propel yourself
  Aa_ir—‘-ip'oth’eI"  juxnpintolthe air to a win-

, see second ﬂoor; front  on this floor
 rooms ‘*1  the-~windo.w.s there are

   
   
 

 

    

   
  
 

  
  

ha.

  

  

units»-‘It would be‘-.a  ‘easy matter.’ to pass
 t':entx_‘ro_om to’ the bath-
 another, and ‘so
’ei.sar.’f~said I\Tick;'snii,1.ins'-»- “I suppdse we

   
  
  

-.

I‘

 shire?-'

      

  

 

.. ‘J i‘ v ‘ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

, known to me only that I might suffer by anticipa'

 it-{is thewayi the thing was done, . ’

 now you‘

"It was never in the cell,” she said.
“Then Zanabayah—-——” ,
"Zanabayah is at large; that is all. It was not Zana— 
bayah at all whom you arrested and took to the cell. It A ‘
was one of his sons.”
“One of-——his sons?”
“Yes. There are six of them." »

“Oh. I see. Six sons, eh? And Zanabayah! That - .
makes seven. And the chap who came here to this house, '.‘
whom Ten-Ichi tackled, who had made himself up to rep- ‘
resent your husband, and over whom we have so care-
fully placed a guard at headquarters, is not Zanabayah at I "
all. He is only one of the six_ sons of that fiend.”

“That is it,” said Idayah.»

“'W'ell, will you tell me why you have not informed us
of all this before, Idayah ?”

“Because I did not know it. Because I had no more
idea of it than you had. Because I supposed, as sincerely
as you did, that the man you arrested and took to prison. .
was Zanabayah himself.”

"But now———” .v

“Now I think that Zanabayah is as great a menace 
us as he ever was.”

 

 
    
 
      
    
    
 
  

 
 
 
  

CHAPTER III.

THE SEVEN-H EADED MONSTER.

     

,“You have never told me about these sons of Zen”, ,_
bayah,” said the detective, after a short pause. A , I I
“If you will stop a moment to think,” replied Id
“you will remember that.I have not really had an

portunity.” '
“I admit that.” -
“It is only the day before yesterday _that my/h -
and I returned from ‘Europe. I called here to see yo
eight o’clock in the morning to tell you that I had‘ M
haunted for months by Zanabayah, and that I lcnovr,
some day he would strike; that he had made his pr ’

  
   

   
  
   

    
   
     
  

  
   
  
 
 
 

  
   

what ‘he might some day do to me and mine. It was 
ithatyou really heard about Zanabayah for the first  ‘
and since then we have both been kept rather busy.‘ *
l1asn’t been a chance, has there, Nick, to tell you ~-
the sons of Zanabayah?”. 
_ “No; tell me now.” _
“Really, I hardly know what to tell you.” .
“Just tell me what you know about them}? . V
‘ “I only know that there are“ six of them; that it
look exactly alike--or by some magic of Zanabay
madeto look alike--and that they all look « '~«.

their father.” «

     
      
  
   
   
  
  
      

  

     
 
    
    
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
  
    
   
   
   
  

fectly as to defy the penetration of human eyes--even
e ever seen him at all.” your own.” '
or ‘am I; nor am I sure that I have ever seen him; “That is no dream, either. He did that once, and - I
‘ / have I ever been sure when I did see that it was fooled me." ‘

y Zanabayah that I Saw." “He has trained those sons to be interchangeable with
"what WOW YO“ saying?” - himself, if I may use that term.”
YO“ “WW )f°‘"'5¢1f that Zanabayah l°°k5 35 YO‘-mg “It seems to be an appropriate one‘, all right.”
355‘ himself WOW °n° Of 9“ 5°n5~ 01' if YO“ dO 30* “And so, for years, in the Sacred Valley, it has been
A‘W,iit» II O39 355111’? YO“ Of 31¢ 3935 Of that Statement that we never knew when Zanabayah was present with
:iF£°3Vﬁﬂ¢€» 35 1 ‘NOW him. is that Of 3» ma” Of 1955 us, or if it was not one of the sons with whom we had
(... WVIYP‘ »' been talking.” '
"‘.’4iV'¢11?” I O I “And they are devils, ﬁends, like himself, I suppose?”
“Ifhatfrnan you saw in our rooms at the hotel—-you I “Nata,-a11y_v ‘i
h¢,Was Zanabayah-.--the man you shot through “Well, it is a little bit of satisfaction to think that at I
. "I M this moment we know where at least two of them
93 Jove! I will know him the next time I see him are.” .

jt . _ - “Yes. You know that——for the present.” .
smiled. I. L , “What do you mean by that?” i 
and “will. heal even more quickly  the 4“I mean that Zanabayah will move heaven and earth 1
eat. I It willleave no scar. Tell me, you have to get his two sons out of prison.” 4'
ofyiour people-i—-of my people-—did youever “Andpl will double the guard over them, if possible,
 3 SO31‘  . _ I I I I I to esee«’that they do not get out.”
 the detective. I I I “Nevertheless-——’.’

Jo fame, Ni¢k__¢he great 9,-;,,¢;p1¢ of 13;,‘ It “Never mind the nevertheless. What, are the names
I qualityas well as a life-giving one. Have °f ti.}°5¢ 5095-”

zhayman inthc Tombs since you shot him 3” ‘Ti“~d° "°‘ k“°W-”
" ' i : I ‘I 3  “Haven’t they got nrames?” i ; 
I “Not that I have ever known or heard; or, if  
. have ,ﬂum¢S at all, they are all called by their father’: 

  

    
 

\ .

 
   

‘I f in  edaboi1thi§.WG1imi?”, :

    
       
    

‘V’ t   tgfbiei 3°"!  Wm naf‘n’Ie‘hat would make them all Zanabayahs, eh ?” A ‘ 
II ‘E “tmdad upon m is‘ greatly ‘flanabayah the First; Zanabayah the Second; Zania-I 

   

fh:w‘w°iunidihas;h°ﬂ°d' baYah the Third; and so on ad. inﬁnitumf’ intetlcctcd
I* t.   akcafiy Chick, laughing. “He is a regularoctopus, Nick, for he’"
,1’ .9   "it has fourteen arms; a,Medusa, only he has seven heads.
. 'I‘F'!?,_-“it ~mf:<"¢3.‘ J°“" Think of a man biiiit like that, will you. Seven heads,
W O  , fourteen arms, seventy ﬁngers and toes, seven bodies,

‘3l3°f'¢"‘¢°i‘° .fourteen eyes, fourteen legs----gee!’’ , ’ _
back t? ,, “It sounds funny, Chick, but it seems to be literally
_ _.,__  I  ?’f“" true, for an-that," said Nick gravely. "The worst of it is
I I '7    I  ~ i 5 that there, are also. seven personalities; seven diﬂierenti
TM? 39''‘ aha?‘ , ‘   . w ., men, and that Whenwe chop one of them down, to speak
   ,3‘?-~_  j ‘ﬁguratively, ‘we haven’tIthe least idea which one itgmay1I'
  h!’."5‘.“,, ' ‘be: and ‘there are always others to spring up in the place
 Y“ ’°“"'I'»“"""“'*l**.. __i:ttiie.oiae who has fallen."  . .  2 ‘  .
it I I .  I A  ‘  f‘“U:ttil we have done for tIIC‘b1.IIIChI” viuggestedi 
" , J3)!  Isamc   ” ,“Yes;‘ until weghave done away with: all of theta}? -‘
 have H9t,'l88id."F¢e.I i if-‘Anti its l,aol<SiiA0.I; ‘tie’ very. much as if that is 
 - l 1 Vwhatiweyhevegdttbpdezﬁ.  jv - , ' A 3'
Z  ;W~{cqtI‘do¢5_?’7  “ O i 5 ’
 mi:  Ch*'°* l%‘?8**?*3r ‘°’.
I   sidet9ii_all.,tt}*l1im.
Yeti 

        
     
     
   
    

 
    
   
   

  
 
 
   

  
   
 

  
      
    
 

       
  

  
   
  

 

giicige  ag distihetlyih I  

 

 =,'1..

    
  
  
  
   
   
      
    
       
    
      
 

9' I

, “Idayah,” said the detective gravely, taking no notice
fiof Chick’s facetiousness, “the circumstance looks very
*‘iga’ave to‘ me as far as you are concerned. You are in
very great danger; I suppose you realize that fully?”
-»,, ‘“Yes,” she said, “I do.”
'. o “It is greater than I ever supposed it could be. You

and your year-old boy, Tonoyah, and your husband-
iranldy, I don’t know how I am to protect you as I would
{like to do.”
 She was looking gravely into his eyes while he was
‘I , speaking, and now she replied to him quite as seriously.
'   “I have always known, since we left the Sacred Valley
in Nepal,” she said, “that the day would come when these
‘dangers would arise. I have always realized that some
 Zanabayah would pursue me, and that when he did
-‘so’, he would wreak a terrible vengeance upon me.

 

 

you all. A woman dislikes to refer to things of the sort
.‘.._that I. should have told-; but always during the life of my
 the king, Zanabayah was the one ,dreaded per-
sonage in all that country; the one man who was as pow-
?‘ erful and as skilful with the sciences as my father him-
.ieelf...It was sometimes thought that he was more so.”
“Y6.” . . .. -.
_, 7 ?§“But there warralweys a danger that threatened me, of
“which I didnot  to you.” . ’
"-Teanguesswhatitis.” ’ o
 always wanted me for his wife. Aside
 any  charms‘ of my own which attracted
hinlrheaaw through me the way to the throne.
“My father was the last man of his race. I was
 the last of the race of kings who have ruled in

  since the world was young.
,2an,ahayah.,wanted.me’, for through me was the way to

 

   

  

   
 

  
  
  
 

   
   

1le£ythe'rn8,!1;but asisoones my father passed away, that

  

 lovewtth each other. We were married

  from the land. , He ran
‘strue:omtrw<>wes*.him-  f I I

‘   at the istory.‘ It is not necessary

  
  

 

 

,?i,rbni?Zangheyih;utdIthinkttiat

  

,2; ;  kvauey’

 
   

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKI.Y.

‘in search of me.
“When I told you about him that morning I did not tell ,

‘what the danger is.”

 for  As long as my father lived, I could.

we will be!" I

‘iaftendedwhatlhe shou_ld,.appear thereto save me, ,i

1 Every energy of Zanabnyah will focus upon I .
I  tact not I at

nntr:nati!—;at'he~sﬁé9°sed I 7

  

better afford to wait still longer than he could to make
open warfare against me and against my husband.

“But the last straw was broken in his patience when
with you and Gerald I, too, left the valley forever. Zanz-
bayah knew then that I would never return. He knew
that I had no intention of returning.

“Probably he found no diﬂiculty in making himself
temporary ruler over the country; but that is not the
same as being king in fact.”

“Nor is it the same as possessing you as queen,” said
Chick. I p

Idayah ﬂashed her eyes in his direction, and con-
tinued: ‘

“Again the man waited patiently, until the time came L 
when he thought he dared to leave the valley to come A
And now he has come; and now-_-—‘-—-” it

“Now," said the detective, “what, in your opinion, does 
he intend to do?” ' '

“You have already had some illustration of his in- I
tentions,” she replied. “He intends to make me his vic— _
tim. He intends to make me his. He intends to make, ‘‘
me wish to return to the Sacred Valley, even xvitlra
Zanabayah, or with anybody, to escape from—-—-" -

“Never mind, Idayah. I understand you. I 

    
 

“And I must be guarded, Nick. I will never be safe
for one moment alone. It is not for my life'that I.fear;” g_
“I know. I know.”  A
“That—and my child. My son. I am not afraid,
Nick. I am not one to be afraid. But I thoroughly
realizeall the horrors of the danger in which I stand.”
“And, tell me, does Starbuck realize it all, too? Ha
you told him?” '
“Certainly. He knows it all as well as I.”
“Then, Idayah. being forewarned, we _must_a.l
forearmed. We must be ready and well prepare

   
  
   
 

 
      
    

     
 
 
  

ans-QQ-i

‘rm: STRANGE MAN IN THE sgwuus.

‘The question seems to be,” said Chick, who was
ﬁrst to recover from the seriousness that had fallen"
them,“whatarewetodo?"’ ~ 1 

“There seems to be nothing to do but wait,"
Nick. “‘The attack will be made here, when 

 
    
   

 
   
       

  
  
    
       
    

is herelthat the blow will fall. It-is here that we
await it, and prepare for it as best we may." _
"I think tlutds 50,” said Idayah. ‘ I ,
‘‘And.new,’' TsIidN'ick,“a qu ’ .f’ _. _ —
pt “Year ‘and;   at  ‘.10?’ site
wish ltltotyappear that she was eiraid"; inlet, in
I  bellev.y:diin the  whhlied sws$m,.;
 . ‘  more

   

   
  
   
    
   
  
  
  
    
   
  
    
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
   

destiny; and surely God never created a woman so
lutliful as Idayah to fall a victim to a ﬁend such as
abayah. '

 is this,” continued the detective. “Before, when
_g _ Vbayah stole away the child, and when I went out
 search of it, I directed Chick to disconnect the tele-
--phone‘ wire and the electric wires that run into the house.
I ‘did it because I remembered that terrible knowledge of
electricity that Zanabayah—-that all your people-—-pos-
sesses. Tell me, would it be well to repeat that cau-
tion ?”

"No," she replied. "‘It would be useless.”

“Why -,1)

, ’.»‘.‘You' know, as well as I know, that the electric forces
‘which is employed by the people of my country, is de-
‘znved from the air. But we need not enter upon a scien-
 discussion. Leave the wires as they are, however.”
I t was at that moment that Starbuck entered the room
. , W_ ‘was informed of all that had taken place and of all
 been said; at the end of it he said: V

quite agree with you, Nick, in regard to the precau-

you will place around my’ wife. But I want you to
, at once, all of you, that I am not going to hide my

under a bushel in order to avoid Zanabayah and his
not‘i£ there were an army of them. I shall walk
streets as I have always done.”
think it is foolish of you, Starbu ," said the de-
, “You have already had some taste of what he
to you. Andyou know how he hates you."
, ’use I am the husband of Idayah ; yes.”
 you should remain in the house with her. I
ﬂint you should remain by her side all the time,
‘ other reason than merely to increase the number
; » of her guard by that much’?
 ~ you are right. But, all the same---”

 the street once, and could get these big arms
around him, that I could squeeze the life out of
I ~ not do it when I seized upon him,” said Nick.
same, something tells me that I could do it
once I could get hold of him. He has never let

 Q

 He will "not  thechild. your boy, for
,thatTotioyahisthe‘gr:ndso1l'of theking; he
I  Idayah, iotthe  that she is the
AV  therefore,  now, if _she
 5°’ °'“'P°“”‘?7=,.3°‘l 5°‘ 

 

 

NEW NICK CARTER — WEEKLY.

“I know all about that added reason.
mention it.’4’r He turned‘ to his wife.

“Idayah,” he said. ‘

“Yes, Gerald,” she replied.

“What is your advice to me ?’ What is your wish about
what I should do? I‘don't like to sit down here in Nick’s
House like an old empty stoughton-bottle and wait for
that ﬁend in human guise to attack me. I want to go out
and meet him on the level; and something tells me that
I wouldn’t have to go very far before I did meet him.”

You needn’t

“My advice is for you to follow the dictates of your
-own will,” she replied soberly. “If it is your idea that
you should go out in the hope that you will meet Zana-

bayah———g0.”
“And your wish,” said Nick. “You have not told him
that”, ,

“My wish in the matter should make no difference."

Starbuck started to his feet. g

“Here’s a go,” he said. ‘ “I am going to walk around
the block.” ’

“Ilf you must do it, I will go with you,” said Nick; .

and he also left his chair. _

“And I ” began Chick; but his chief interrupted
him. '

“You, Chick, will remain here with Idayah. You are
the captain of the guard. Patsy is in the house. He
must be your assistant. I direct you both. to remain
within sight of her, if possible, and when not within
sight, then within the sound of her voice. Come, Star-
buck. I believe that a short walk will clear our brains
a little.’.’

The two left the house together and turned south-
ward. They continued along the avenue to the square
and crossed it toward the Fifth Avenue Hotel. They
entered the hotel and purchased some cigars, which they
lighted. Then they came out again and started across
the square toward home.

“He hasn’t shown up yet,” said Starbuck, as they were
passing the fountain in the middle of the oasis of the
city.

"One of them is just about to do so,” said the detective,
very quietly and in a low tone. “If you will look directly
ahead of you, you will see that a man is approaching
us——-T’ _

“But that is not Zanabayah !” exclaimed Starbuck. “I
know him well by sight. That is not he, although I will
admit that-——" '

“You will admit that the man is from the country of
the Sacred Valley, won’t you?”

“Yes. I was just about to say that."

“Nowhere'else in the world are there people who have
the white-blonde hair, and at the same time the sloe-black
eyes. That man is from the Sacred. Valley." I‘

. “Yes.” ' \ * ,

‘ "He.hasstopped'_ " ; ILetn.sdo.__thé,same.' um -he"w'is‘

. :1 '-

/‘” 4 ‘-1.! ‘~ ,

 

    

 for us to approach him. Now, we will wait
~ where we are until helmakes a move.”

“But it isn’t Zanabayah.”

“It may not be Zanabayah, and again it may be. You
know yourself that he can take on almost any shape
he chosés.
great as--—”

" . “As your own ?”

“Greater. His patience seems to be as great as ours.
He seems determined to wait until we approach him."

“Let us do so. What is the use in waiting?”

“None, I suppose. Come along, then.”

The man to whom t_hey‘referred was, perhaps, a bun-
dred feet away from them. He had come to a stop be-
side one of the benches, although he had not seated him-
self upon it. Instead, he was standing facing it, and ap-
parently interested in something that he saw across the

_ park. He was evidently tryihgto make it appear that
;, he had, not seen, or, at least, had not noticed, the de-
5 - tective and his companion.
’ 3 g But Nick was determined to speak to him ;'and when
‘they had approached near enough, he reached out his
_lIa.nd and touched the man lightly on theshoulder.
I 1’ " He turned as if he had received an electric shock, and
z‘_ _7 for a moment he stared angrily at the detective.
  "‘Who are you, sir? And why do you accost me?” he
 I ‘demanded, in ‘perfect English. u -
' "“I did so,” replied. Nick coolly, “because it occurred
jto me thatwe might be not unknown to each other.”
“You ‘are not unknown to me,” was the equally cool
. reply; “but I fancy that I am to you. I have seen you
1' before, but I do not think you ever saw me. However,
 have ‘recognized,’ because of my appearance, what
 I am from.” V I
 _‘_“Yes. I thinkthat is it.”
  man beside you—\-” ‘
,_ ' “The man beside me, sir, is Mr. Starbuck, in this
 country. Now, may I venture to ‘ask who you are ?”
, ""“I inn-eLe'gayah,"sir,"’ was the calm reply. “Oneiof the
 of Nobles, in the Sacred Valley. A faithful sub-
jxt of our queen, wherever she may be. Is that suffi-
&T'- 5 ‘ . L  ‘ . '
"Hardly-—-for I believe youto be Zanabayah for one ‘of
 Whiehareyou?’ ’ I e N
am as_I have said-——L_egayah. I am here, in this
» againstjny will, but at the will of our people who
me, to guard -Idayah agains? the machinations of
 whoisherewith higgsonstodo her harm. I
 totell you this“inoI5V. but-‘--7-”
‘ﬁg,  that you should have told
I ‘we. hgye   with some of the accomplish-
‘of   I Pf€$‘Wl* this *0 5° *0‘

 

-it >:"«rr-9.:

   

  
       
 
  
          
      

  

   

   
  

  

    
 
  

  

It no difference tb me
 r~‘-Pb’-r   

u . \

  , .

 

    
   
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY-.

His adeptness at disguising himself _ is as .

secret.”

    
 
 

He turned away, but Nick reached out a detaining hand
and stopped him.

“You will wait a moment more?” he asked politely.
“Yes. If you wish it.”

“Supposing that what you have said about yourself
were true, would it not have been more in keeping with
the character you represent to have gone at once to
Idayah _and told her of your. presence here, and why you
are here?”

“Possibly.”

“Perhaps you did not know where to ﬁnd her?”

“Oh, yes. She is at your house.”

“Then why have you not sought her?”

“Because it occurred to me that I might be of better
service to her by remaining in the background.”

“Irideed.”
“I will go with you to see her now, if you desire it.”

“I do desire it. I think that she will know whether
you are Legayah or not. I think that she will know at
once whether you are Zanabayah in disguise or not-—
and I think that I will know, also, if once I get you inside
my house.” - y W

The stranger turned so that he faced Nick squarely. ‘J

“I am afraid that you are something of a boaster,” he-
said calmly. “You could not know. That is why I have i
not intruded upon you. It was because I knew that you
would be suspicious. Even Idayah, my queen, the god-
dess, will be suspicious. She knows me well, and she 
likes me. She has faith in me. She also knows Zaria- 7
bayah well, she dislikes him and has no faith in him; and
yet the skill of Zanabayah is so great that she will. not
know that I am not Zanabayah, in the character of
Legayah. But take me to her. I will at least try 1:6
convince her.”' _ ‘ ’ 

“And you say it is because you known of this suspici_;&?i‘« _ i
that would be aroused, that you have refrained, from '
making yourself known ?” ' T ‘ I

“Yes” I

“Then why were you pursuing us just now 3" ,

“I was not pursuing you. I met you by accident.
attempted to avoid you, and thought I might.do so I
by turning my back and ignoring you. I thought
possibly you would not see’ me at all.”

“You thought wrong, it would seem.” '

“Why argue, Mr. Carter? Take me to the queen,

“I will take you there, and I will penetratelyo, ‘ C‘ ‘I
guise, too, if you wear one.” . 

“Take me to her. Let us see what her opinion ~ '
If she aodepts me as I am, I will remain with you I
protection. If she does not ”

“Well?” ' A ‘ ‘

“Iwillstlllservehertothebestofmy

  
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
  

  
   
  
     
 
  

  
    
      
  

   
    
   
 
    

  

,-“come, then)’ said Nick. ‘-

 CHAPTER V.

LEGAYAH, THE LEARNED ONE.

   
    
   
   
  
   
  
   
    
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  

_ Nick Carter’s attitude, under the conditions which sur-
ﬁhunded him, was thatof a man who is blindfolded;
that--is, he knew that Zanabayah and his followers were
3511 around him, menacing him and those he loved, and
yétlhe was unable to place any one of them.

 {He could only reach out in the darkness, haphazardly,
in the hope that he might touch one of those seven strange
f‘ and by clasping him, hold on to him.

 And here was a man——Legayah——who might or who
might not be what he claimed to be.

* There was no doubt whatever -in Nick’s mind that
Legayah was from the Sacred Valley of Peral. His
Jthite‘ hair would prove that, for the people of that
" I untry were extraordinary in appearance only in that
‘ were blondes in so far as the color of their skins
ha'ir’9was concerned, for their eyes were as black as
Bin-du’s. 2 , »

"s man Legayah possessed that skin, that hair, and
‘ strangely black eyes.

His voice was soft and musical, too, like the voices of
' peo'ple,ifor that was a country of silence and of si-
‘i 4 ' ‘andtits people had strangely subdued voices.

«  the other hand, Legayah might well be one of
 crowd made up to represent what he was ;
I up in  way for the very purpose ‘of imposing
"detective and his friends in this manner; and
as’ inclined to the belief that such was the case.
-lnqargued to himself um: even Idayah might be

example, the man were Zanabayah or one of
:he must know already that he could deceive
_;;"and yet, when Nick thought it over calmly,
~ not  that Idayahloould be so readily de-

r, hehad resolvedupon the test. . '

they entered the house, he asked Starbuck’ to
  way to the library; and
“ passed inside: he told Joseph to send Idayah

 at once. it I’

l  the threshold she stopped abruptly, for

onee penseiied the" presence ._ot a" stranger
_they“at once perceivedithat the stranger

 they_at ‘once’  that

mmuuyi’  ‘ot”y', ‘ andhisdevilish
.:?“diIgaiselw‘»v.ba’»:.‘ah.   = ~ . 

NEW NICK ‘CARTER ' WEEKLY.

eyes sought the stranger’s face again and remained

there.

“Are you Legayah?” she asked, keeping her eyes
ﬁxed upon his face with an unwavering gaze; and the

stranger replied" simply :

“Yes, goddess,” for that was the manner in which
men of his country addressed their queen.
“You have been told of the presence in this country

of Zanabayah P”

.“Yes, my queen.’
ou are enawareo e ou s w’ assai us in
“Y th f th d bt hich 1
the person of whosoever we see?”

‘(I an.”

“And if you are indeed Legayah, nothing

will offend you?”
“No.”

“Will you tell me, if you

here ?”

“I am here in the service of my queen.”

“But I am no longer your queen.”

“You areforever the queen of our country, so long-
There could be no other.”

as you shall live.

9

of this doubt

are Legayah, why you are

“If you are Legayah indeed, you will remember that*

you have a means of proving it to me.” '
The man started. A ﬂush crept over his face; then

he replied slowly:
“I remember.”

“The fact that. youldo remember reassures me, Lega-
yahl for unless you have told about it yourself, the fact
remains unknown to this day, save between ourselves.”

“It is true, goddess. I have never told about it. In-

deed, I had forgotten it.”

“Can you supply me with the proof I ask?”

“If you demand it-—yes.”

“I do demand it Wait.”

“Yes, my queen.’

“I shall take this gentleman’
“from the  with me. I shall tell him what you will
do to prove to me that you are Legayah. When we re-
turn, you will furnish that proof, if you can do so. Are

9

you prepared to "do. it ?”

l‘I ml’)!

room.



~r.“Yes,”v said the detective. 4
V p_ _  A .. . . ,'.  “Gnce upon a time it was the hope’ of_my fath
V‘  Lego-D 3 should  of this”lLegayah, for  ,
   Qloved me, ‘Ed he was 8   father. ‘-  1.

«.

 

 

’-I-—she indicated Nick-—

She motioned to Nick, and he followed  from the

“I have told you,” she said to Nick, “that you will
find ‘nobody in ‘my country who wears a scar of any
sort. I havetold you that the vitic remedies remove all
traces of ,wounds or. injuries, leaving the skin as smooth .
and unchanged as it was before the’ accident. You re-

erthat.

A

an

  
 
   

. could not wed with him. Even in my country a woman’s
heart is as strange as it is here in yours.

. _ ' , “Legayah came to the palace and plead with me in the
3,; presence of my father; but I would not relent. I in-
‘ gsisted upon refusing him, although I liked him well and
knew him to beein every way worthy of my love and
respect.

“When he found that I was obdurate and would not
change my mind, he crossed the throne-room——you have
 been in that room and remember it—and, attaching a
 wire to the electric bulb, he returned and stood before
T my father and me.

 “Then-—it will sound strange to you—he bared his
' breast before us, and he passed the electric pencil, which
he had fastened to one end of the wire, to me.

“ ‘Write, I pray you, goddess,’ he said then. ‘Write
V your name over my heart. I swear to you that I will
4 “wear the scar to the end of my days, and that none
shall see it but you, or by your command.’ If this man

 

 
 

 
  

 left breast, over his heart, . where
burned into his ﬂesh.” ‘
Q “That is a good test,” said the detective. “It is not
L‘ written with the letters of our alphabet, of‘ course, how-
 ever.” . ‘

_ “No. In the characters of my own country. But.
i  see; ‘lend me your pencil.”

,_ Nick passed it to her; also an envelope; and on the
L, _,‘l;ack of it she wrote six strange characters which looked
» like the Arabic, and which spelled her name, Idayah.
“It is my signature,” she said. “If this man is in--
: de'cd Legayah, the scar upon his breast will be an exact
reproduction-of what I have written there, only some-

‘that larger. Now, let us go in.”

” “Wait,” said Nick. “Is it not possible that Zanabayah
may know of this ?”

, “No. It is not possible. The ceremony is as sacred
people of my country as the name of the God we wor-
ship. He would not have told of lit; he would not have
;  it tobe seen. Come.” I

 -' f‘And you} father—he would not have told ?"

“He would sooner have cut oﬁ’ his right hand."

 let us go in.” -

"l’h’ey entered the room. Legayah was standing with
 back toward them, but as they entered he turned
 and faced them, and Nick saw that during their
 he had bared his breast, and that now he stood
 a handkerchief _over it. ’

‘am reidy, my queen,” he said simply; and he drew
 aside. . ’~

 was there. "

oi ilclclstepped quickly forward. He held the envelope
 Idayah had written her name close beside

the electric pencil

 

   
  
   
     
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
 
 
    

 

3?’.

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

that.

she dropped upon one knee, and before Legayah could
prevent it, she had seized upon his right hand and pressed
her lips to it.

4 is Legayah, my name is written in a white scar upon his ‘

   
   
  
   
  
   
 
      
  
    
   
   

If 

I

They were the same. There could be no question of

But the merest glance had suﬂiced for Idayah.
Already she had stepped quickly forward, and now

 

Legayah snatched his hand away with an exclamation

that sounded as if it might be an oath, and the red blood
suffused his face in a wave of color.

  

But Idayah did still more. She leaped to her feet
again, and before the man could dodge her she had pulled
his head down close to her and kissed him upon his I
forehead. I

“Goddess!” he exclaimed stemly.

“I am no goddess now, Legayah,” she replied, laugh-
ing. “I am only a woman; a very ordinary woman, too,
with all the fears and weaknesses of woman. But I am
also blessed, for I still have your loyalty and your ﬁdelity.
What more could I ask?”

“I knew that Zanabayah had come here to make you
suffer. I came also to protect you,” replied Legayah.

“Have ydu seen him, my friend?” A

“I have not seen him, but I do not know that he has
seen me. I know that he is here, but I cannot say that
he does not know that I am here.”

“And you do not fear him and his strange powers?” , .
“I do not fear him, although I know that he is pow-
erful; but, my queen, so am I. I have studied as well
as he. Long ago I knew that I should become as learned :
as he or that some day he would injure you, whom I» 1'
loved. Your husband will not object that I say it in 
presence.” ‘ » ,

“No,” said Starbuck. “God bless you, old chap! ‘I, ‘
love her, too! I guess we all love her_!” _ I

“And that’s no idle dream,” murmured Chick, wlw
was in the background, an interested spectator of this,

scene. ' - ‘A.

“Do you mean to tell me,” exclaimed Idayah, who
no attention to these remarks save to blush and to
one shining glance of love upon her husband, “that
have made yourself as learned as Zanabayah ?”

“I do not know as to that, for I have not sought
truths beside him; nor have I a means of meas r
how much or how little he knows. But I have so
truths under the tutelage of the Wise Man of the Mo
tain. I have sought truths for good and. not for
purposes, and many of them I know. All my
Idayah, since this brand was written over my‘ _,
have sought them,’ for well I knew that the day -
come when you would need me.”

“And now you have come to me of
will, Legay  g
‘V -“Listen, my queen. There is more.”

“Well?” ‘

your. own‘: "

   
   
  
    
  
    
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
 
  
  
   
    
    
  
    
 
  
 
   

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

A e I came I called a convention of the people, house to-night at the hour of prayer. Pardon me-the
I “had first discussed my ideas withvthe Nobles.” hour that you call midnight.”

es?” ' “You have one of the ﬂying-machines—one of the
told them that you were in danger. I told them dumb—birds with you?” asked Nick.

Zanabayah had gone away secretly, and that he “Yes, Mr. Carter. I came here in one, across the
 all but one of his sons with him. I told seas and countries, making no stops save those of neces-
‘ -~-m that he would wreak a terrible vengeance upon sity until I arrived. Will you await me on the roof at
for what you had done to him in depriving him of the midnight?”
“thl=oue.’_’ . g T ' “We will.”
“Then he did not seek to rulein my absence?” “And now, do you trust me sufficiently, all of you,
"He sought to do so, yes; but the people would not to permit me to take Idayah and the child away with
ye it so. But wait. I told them at that convention me alone, and the rest of you to await lne here until my
 I wished to follow you to protect you. I told them return?”

 1. mo. loved our queen, and that I would save her, Nick looked toward Idayah, and she nodded her head
‘I ‘Iasked them if it was not their wish that I should bright1y_

after you, find you, protect you, save you--and that “Yes,” he said. “We trust you, Legayah.”

91"l1h3t W35 d0ﬂ€, if I S1101-11d.Il0t endeavor With 811 “It is well, then. I will be here at midnight. You
power that is in me to induce you to return to them will await me on the roof of this house.”

" I 31m°5t Pmmised them that YOU W0*11d return He strode toward the door, but a gesture from Idayah
be their queen again, if they would direct me to go stopped him.

 79a’ with their 1°” 35- Wen 35 my °“m’ in my I “Why do you not disguise yourself, Legayah ?” she
,for you. And they sent me. , aSked_

And, my queen, when all is done, and Zanabayah is

I I

_ _ “I have been in hopes that Zanabayah would see me, ‘
f°f hls P0we!‘. Y0“ and 3'0“? huﬁband “"11 “tum recognize me, and attempt to’ harm me,” he replied,
r ‘'3' Vin you ‘mt? You "ed not hve there always; pausing for a moment. “But if he has seen me, if he is

hcauit 3'0"’ h°me' return t° it and  y°m' Pe°' aware of my presence, he knows better than to tempt
hen the Other counmes Of the wmld are 7°“ wd fate {by any such move; and yet, I thought I had kept

 you will do that’ Idayah? M-7. Queen? my I ' a secret from him.”

'- ' “ 's wa s are m sterious,” said Ida ah. ‘

” replied Idnyahl “I will.” I l “Aye; alid he will’ ﬁnd that mine are,y also.” .

I ‘ Turning, without a word of adieu, he went out of the
‘_""" house into the street, and the others stood there where‘

» . . he had left them,’ looking at each other; and it was Nick

CHAPTER VL himself who first broke the silence that followed upon his

 'nox me WILBS or slmm. ' departure. '

, feﬁ upon gm knee and kissed her hand; then “It looks.to me,” he said, “as if Otl3ello’s occupation
pr  with ,1; dkdigﬁity of 3 pmcﬁsed c°u,.ﬁe,._ was gone. ligut I am willing to play second fiddle to a
~= now, for a time at least, will you all be directed chap like that Now. Idayah-”
he asked. looking athlete, whom his'intelli- “Yes. Nick” , .
alnagy select“; 55 the had" among theu'1_ _ “Thereare going to be‘ no more expeditions in the
.3’,-hingy V111,” npﬁed the demctgge. I _ streets until after Legayah has returned and gone again
 hem prcpugd go do-bug, ‘ml 23“. . and taken you away to a place of safety. And after
' tied the noble, “and I am wgnprepar ” that, although he said nothing about his intentions, I
 ‘ha of that," said Nick. l I - - ‘A ‘ 1 _ I think it isihis intention to» harness us all together, barring
",1-¢‘g'gny  in my country, Mr_ carter, yourself, of course, and to go on a still hunt after the
(mm ,3,“ ‘undm. the. head of magic’ but vﬁend who calls himself Zanabayah.”‘ '
 _tuagic_gt all, but merely applications A’ of ‘ I “It will be a sort of round-up of magic, won’t it?"
 make use of any of those, you asked Chick. V_ ' ' '
butonly as one win ’ “‘Yes, or a magic round—up. I wish I had asked
»  and  them.” '  e Legayahwhere it is that he intends to take Idayah. Have
 t V 3  "4  M . . you any idea yourself, goddess?” ‘ '
  desire totpyplace Idagyah and her ‘son in ,“Nick, if youicall me that, I shall not answer you.” 
_  I Vlehoweoffstich’ arplacp, and how “Well, answer me this time, ‘anyhow. I won't dbiit 1 
' ’  ofzanabayah. againz’ ' ,
':.ts'>,aVvaif;;nII.:.=~‘c«nit11G:tioo_f,o;;,£»thi'§ , “No :1 haven’t the least adeax’ ' v ., - 

     

 » E  ss_‘->f-j«‘**.>\‘z,Q.i’s'-*«T»*.:»**:-;;—,:g.‘g§:“‘t=*.Y‘

 
  
 
  

Nick had started to say something more, but had ut-
«tered no sound, when the door opened, and Joseph stood
.I in the doorway. In his hand was the silver salver, which
_ yhe used for conveying cards to his master, and upon it
I‘ was'a'~'folded note. b
“For you, sir,” he said; and Nick took it in his hand.
E? The moment his eyes fell upon the contents of the
 I .-note, he started; then he frowned; then he uttered a low
A twhistle; then he iled.
“Listen,” he sai , and he read aloud to them this:

 

 

“ ‘If you will allow the person safe conduct from your‘

house and will promise not to pursue the person in any
manner, for twenty minutes after he leaves your house,
one will wait upon you now with a message from Zana-
bayah. If you agree to this, step to your front door and
wave your handkerchief thrice. It will be regarded as

promise to agree to the terms of this communica-
I J’ .

 

"'Well, what do you think of that?” he asked, looking
1 up after he had finished reading it.
 j I “It is amazing,” said Starbuck.
» _ ‘The question is, should we allow him inside the
 house?” said Chick. “It is probably old'Zan himself,”
' I “That is a ,-strange question for you to suggest," said
'» Niglg looking at his assistant in surprise.
“I was thinking only of Idayah, with help for her so
 near‘ at hand,”  Chicks» "The likelihood is that
'oldZanhassoenLegayahoome here,andknows by now
that there is something doing. He is going to take
ineasures to prevent it, if he can. But, all the same, I
say, let him in.”
e-'- “Idayah, will you go to your room?” asked Nick.
I , “No; by your leave I will remain with you here.”

, ' . “starbuck .>" V
i ' “You don’t need to ask me, do you?”
"  “I suppose not. Nevertheless, I insist that all of you
site  only step into the adjoining room. You can
 there, with‘ the ,door open, so that you can see
‘and hear all that takes place here, and may be seen and

 

 

 

 
 
   

 and I will go and make  signa .” V
 and he went to the door, where he
 three as he had been
 to do; and then he  waiting upon the
:‘  as the n_mnents-passedtarid nothing, came of it,
’    again in.'the,sign'al—, and re-
  later the bell of the front door rang, and
I I  the rc_>om~—I.ega3ulx'! . f
in  expected this; and

  
    

 J ith,en3an’,snﬁ  __i‘as.didthebthers,in

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

 wdhandyetiyou will be in another room. Step _

of the niagiean warm preparationydrew hi

 

    

left us with strange promises and assurances upon youi‘ _
lips. And now, after only the lapse of a few minutes,’’:__,}.»'*
you return as a messenger from Zanabayah. \\’hat does "
it mean?” _ p ’
Legayah bowed low. and there was a mocking smile ‘L
upon his lips as he did so. ' 
“You will admit, Mr. Carter,” he said, “that there is =
no charge known to you that you could make in the
courts against me?” .-;
"Certainly.” 
“Very good. That is why I have dared to thrust my-
self so soon again into your power, so to speak. I have _
come now in my true character; as the friend of my i
people who was cruelly deserted by their queen and who .’
wishes her to return to them, by force, if necessary; and = =
also as the friend of Zanabayah, surnamed the Terrible, 9
who was our trusted messenger at first, but who has
needed my assistance and therefore sent for me. Will
you repeat to me now the promises that I made to you 
a little while ago, in order that I may explain them to
you more fully?"
“Your promises? VVhy, you scoundrel, you prom- __
ised—--——” Nick stopped short. I
Legayah had leaned forward eagerly, and it was the ‘I
gleaming of his white teeth that showed between his lipsét
that made Nick halt. It had reminded him so strangely ‘,
of the expression of Zanabayah that his suspicions were

 
 

    
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
      
    

aroused. , - 
V “I think,” he said coldly, “that I will ask you to repeal,
those promises and arrangements yourself-—ZanabayaJI"
The man started a little. Starbuck, in the next - -
shuddered. Chick grinned. Idayah came boldly fog,
ward and confronted the man, for somehow she 
brave all at once. ‘ A .
“You are not Legayah," she said. “I know you; 0
least, I know Legayah. Magician that you are, N
bayah, you cannot impersonate Legayah. If you
Legayah, as you would have us believe, where I
jewel you wear, that I gave to you many years
and where do you wear it? Tell me that, if you 
wish to show it. - And tell me, also, what sort of
it is. Desaibe it.” I
The man backed into a corner, where there were
tains hanging’ ' from the ceiling. ‘“”
"wait." he said. grasping one of them. .“Y I
promised me safe conduct. I am not Legayah,
it your way, if you will. I am Zanabayah—perba;§;.. i_ ,
wait.» I will show you what you have to fear
With a switch of his hand he drew the curtain
him so that it concealed him fromview, and I
see from its motion that he was working there
doing something,

Nick. who had good mm to fear that~ano

   
   
   
  
      
     
   
  

   
  
  
  

        
       
   
 

slowly &:d_rais_edfit  it wvascre.-my tor’

    
   
   
   
  
 
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
   
   
   
  
    
   
  
   
 
 
  
 
   
  

i waited‘ and then the curtain was slowly drawn
again, and there stepped out from its concealment
Legayah, but a veritable reproduction of the pop-
-sdea of Satan.

So startling was the apparition that even Nick Car-
 started back a little; Chick swore softly to himself‘;
M buck swore loudly, so that everybody could hear
him, and only Idayah made no remark or motion.
But an instant later she took a step toward this stranger
had appeared in their midst, holding something aloft
her right hand and ﬁxing her eyes upon it.
;_Zanabayah-—for it was he, of course-—had started to
r -—to say something. His lips were parted, and the
 smile was on his face when Idayah made that step
A ‘ him and held the thing aloft in her hand. But
V‘ words, whatever they may have been, remained un-
« led; the smile of derision changed to one of deadly
, and with a howl like a beast in pain, Zanabayah
=- 2- and ﬂed from the room, through the hall and

 devils he was made up to represent.
 would have started in pursuit, but Nick detained

ll

-  “Let him go.”

promise is a promise,” he said.
heturned to Idayah. ‘

~ ow did you rout him so?” he asked. And he also
at the thing she held in her hand.

was an emerald scarib, very large, very ﬁne, only
of representing a beetle, it had been cut in the
a skull; and in the eyes of it there gleamed two
_ and in its mouth a diamond. _
 a charm my father gave to me,” she replied. “I
" "know what it is, or what its power is. But this
‘I remembered it, and that I had it with me. I
for it among my jewels, and found it. Just

-- A  my father said to me when he placed
 Do not ask me to explain his words, be-
 do so; but‘ I will repeat them.”
it said Nick. ' ‘ ‘

ve it to me when I was a child, half-grown;
' to me, at ‘the time: ‘To protect you from
Satan. It will bring my presence to you.’
 but I remembered what he told me.”

’ what the fellow intended to accomplish
, A , anyway?” said Chick.

to thought to frighten us,” replied Nick.
.et_eats, he is gone for the present-—and he was
(returned. Thank Heaven for that!”

CHAPTER VII.

iucx_cAarn’s IIDNIGHj"€ALLD.

 j v befoic. twelve o'clock that night the
  ‘the cominglsot

 

into the street, as if he were pursued by a throng .

ANEVV 3\'lClC CARTER \\-’EEKLY.

Legayah came from Nick Carter’s study and started for
the roof to meet the man from the Sacred Valley who was
to take the young mother away with her child upon the
ﬂying-machine which was called a dumb-bird.

The night was a warm one, for it will be remembered
that it was in the middle of June; but, -nevertheless,
Idayah was wrapped in furs, for she had had much ex-
perience in the air, and she knew that even in the warmest
seasons the temperature was always low in lofty alti-
tudes.

The one mystery about what was the follow———and be
it said, the one misgiving which the detective felt—was
that not one of them, no even Idayah herself, had any
idea of the place to which Legayah intended to conduct
her.

But during the evening when Nick had suggested this
one unpleasant feature of the plan, she had replied to him
that she had perfect conﬁdence in the man, and that it
was best for all concerned that she should place herself
entirely in his hands.

-“He will care for me,” she told the detective. “He has
laid his plans with care, and his wisdom is great. He
will have found a way in which I and mine will be per-
fectly sa/fe, otherwise he would not have ventured to say
so.’  me go. Ask no questions. A

“Anti when I am gone,” she continued, after a short
pause, ‘\‘ on will be unhampered in your contention against
the evils that Zanabayah exerts. You will not have me
to look after and protect. You will know that I am safe,
and, knowing that, you will be the more so; you and
the others.” ‘

And so it had been arranged, without further objec-
tion. _ '

Nick Carter was standing there on the roof in the
moonlight with his watch in his hand, and it was in-
dicating exactly twelve when a soft, ,whiring sound, ex-
actly like that which is made by an electric, fan in a
large room, smote upon their ears. A moment later a
shadow passed between them and the moon, and then,
with a gentle, spiral-shaped descent, the great, birdlike
apparatus which in the Sacred Valley is ‘called a dumb-
bird, ﬂoated into view and alighted on the roof beside
them.

As it dropped down upon its perch on the roof, the
driver—Legayah——moved the lever which folded the
«huge wings in place, and stepped out before them.

The reader must not suppose that these wings were
used as are the wings of a bird; they were only for sup-
porting the dumb-bird on the air, for soaring; and their
cllor was of a neutral tint which rendered the. machine
almost invisible at a short distance away.

Legayah wore one of the aerial suits made purposely
for the apparatus, which made him appear like 'a fat

- boy of some rnuseam;'but, nevertheless, he bowed before

       

 

1 .

   

 hisqueen with stately courtesy, and took her hand and
kissed it. I
. .“We are ready, Idayah,” he said.

‘fV\[ait,” replied Idayah. “Before I step aboard the
dumb-bird I must tell you about the visit of Zanabayah
immediately after your departure to-day.”

“I know about it,’-.’ he replied calmly. “It was reported
to me almost at once. And I was told, also, that not
long after he entered the house, he left it again in great
haste, as if he were pursued; that he had changed himself
into a representation of Satan, and that he was running
away in great teror. Tell me, Idayah, have you in your
possession an emerald that is shaped like askull which
your father might have "given to you ?”_

“Yes,” she told him, surprised that he should know
about it. _

I , “The Wise Man of the Mountain told me that your
, ' father once possessed an emerald skull, but that since his
£1}. death it had disappeared. It was not known what had
5% . become of it, but it was supposed to be in your pos-
T ' session. You were fortunate in having it with you'.”
~ ‘_ ,f“Why? Why_;sl1ould that green jewel—iit is nothing
but a stone, when all is_ said-—why should such a thing
 7 ’ havejpower over the machinations and magic of a man
; liﬂe’Za.n'abayah?’: . *
" V H . Legayah smiled, and he turned to tlfe others when he
V  so that all might hea; and understand.
, “Superstition is, perhaps, the greatest mental power
that exists,” he said. “There is no man and no person
in the world who is not in one form or another the
H  of superstition. ‘There are those who will tell
 you that they are not superstitious about anything at all,
_.  but they lie when they say it. Superstition does exist;
; it does exist in every brain, in every intelligence. I am
filot free from it. You, Nick Carter, are not free from
 although I should say that you possess less of it than
< " ‘- ’ the point is that "we all haveit-—Zanabayah among
. .. -"‘He is  who deals in superstition-—'who~ works upon
 of  ;‘ and yet he has one of his own
"i'vhich,i-[because it ’isfpossibly his only'one, controls .,him
 i . iiwhenev‘ ' er he‘ thinks ‘about it, for as he_did"tc>»day,
‘comes in contaetwith it-’—'and his superstitiop is dreadof
 skull; — - - I‘ '

vi"
wt

:-._,.
WV,

 

   
   

  

35%  willi‘a::sure’- you of that;:but many years ago
‘ _is;’  -was  nectomancy among‘ the
I “I  an old seer told him and warned,him to be-
’ of theitiouchsof an emerald ;skull;,and that same
 andalso at frie_nd.of Idaya.h's father.

 about the  3,P1'i¢€~“  7 4
T ‘ "   what "followed? It  that
  I the .inus*¢ii’6t<1=.=f°**T""*="¥.=‘e.‘°‘:***,?"A-‘.**9 °m¢*#*<‘

   
   

NEW NICK ACARTERI VVEEKLY.

« tended to say.”

53:r'“:Mi:&.you; it his inovpower whmy_e}.° Your own.

"to be. Idayah seemed. to have perfect ~oonﬁd _

 

-.2, .,

 
  

 
 

“Zanabayah was told by that seer long ago that 
touch from that emerald skull would instantly deprivofi.
him of all his power: and that was why he ﬂed from you, It
Idayah. He feared that you would touch him with it.‘ 4_

“That same seer has since become the Wise Man of the ii}
Mountain who taught me; and he told me the story ~
about it.

“There, you are told. It was nothing, after all; noth— 
ing but a harmless superstition, but it will serve to prove 
to you all that even the strongest of us may succumb 1‘
to the weakest if we permit ourselves to lose our se1f~
control, our self-poise, our power of will. ,

“Superstition is temptation in another form; it is al- ’.
way: fear. Now, let us go." I *1

He reached out, and, touching Idayah’s arm withthe ii
tips of his ﬁngers, he guided her upon the machine to 
the seat she was to occupy,. where she was protected ;§
by a transparent shield; then he buckled the straps around 
her to hold her securely in her place; then he made?
his own preparations for comfort and safety, and with ’
his hand upon the lever which was to start the machinery ‘ii
in motion which would carry them‘away, he said to Nicklm
Carter: - . ~ _ 

“You will wait for me here until I return, Mr.  A
ter?” ., ‘WV-5“

“What! Here on the roof? VVill you return as  ='
as that?” - pi .

“No; wait for me at your home; that is what -I-»

   
           
    
       
        
  

    
    

  

“How long! a time?” .
“That I cannot say deﬁnitely. Possibly two days; .
sibly three; I cannot say.” V
“I will wait,”«replied the detective. “Take good
of Idayah and the child"—for the sleeping on
grandson of a king of the same name, was ‘
wrapped in blankets and held tightly in its at
aims. I V
tr a an : an :0: .

    
   
        
  

  
      
  
   

 

I

i The three had returned silently to Nick'Carter _
they dropped into chairs in silence; they lighted“
in silence; and they smoked in silence for a cons"
ﬁlms-i . A . ’
It was Starbuck who spoke ﬁrst.

“What are we going to do now, Nick?” _
“Just wait here like a lot of chumps until 
turns?” ‘ _

Nick did not at once" reply, and Starbuck co_ I

“I am not so easy about all this business as;

   
     
    
  
 

  
  
  
   

  
   
  

gayah, and so I said nothing. It was certain
was not safe here, not even for a moment, an
of us _on guard over her; but all the samefl
that I hadinsisted upon goinggwith her.” ‘ 1
,‘ v"I.'th,ir‘1lf".said Nick sl6wly.—i5Z1h9t I-egayah '

0!!1y_ thing  I .a.lxmt,hini is

  
  

        
 
  

    

  

  

    
   
  
 
   
  
  
   
 
    
  
   
 
   
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
   
 
   
   
  
  
 
  

 

)7

"Why? Do you thi
 more than half of the opinion that when Idayah
the roof of the house, she was started straight for
, palace of the kings in the Sacred Valley.”

“But, great Scott, man! It would be three months-
:§9urimo_nths—-before Legayah could return if he took
 there.”

 nodded.

W I may be wrong,” he said.
, In the meantime———”
 in the meantime-—-what?"

I supose we must wait.” 

’j."But not for months——not that. Great heaven! I
ould go crazy in less than that time. I wish to heaven
, {I had notpermitted Idayah to go with the fellow.”

“Time alone will tell us

5': --

‘Legayah is not back here by that time I will start
a ' for Washington at once, there to secure the use
titime of the great ﬂying machine which we gave to
government; and we shall start with it at once, with
chi for company, for the Sacred Valley. But we
sit three days.”
 days from now?”
ree days from the moment of the departure of Le-
from the roof. And now, if I am in command of
party, my order is, go to bed.” .
 can order all right enough; it is quite another
to obey. Gee whiz! Do you suppose that I could
? If it is all the same to you, you and Giick
tohed, but I shall go down stairs to the library,
book and a pipe and read. ,Good night.” i
 left the room, andthey heard him descend-
Wstairs toward the‘ library. *
H about’ you, Chick?” asked-the detective smiling.
  that I feel very little like sleeping.
.11 think I will go to bed.” '
‘ti said the detective.
gaid not. . ’
[Chick left him alone in the’ study, he remained

eancd back in his chair with half-closed eyes,
 events 6f the strange case that now

had been days of ' fatigue before that one,

he would possibly not have admitted the
I- - stole over him so that presently he

51313011. hisicigar and the ﬁre died out and

 eyesonly half open before, closed en-

_  slept in his chair in the study.

-’ tooffor‘ ,as,l1:e_yvas as a rule, and

the whacked ..

‘h "We will wait,” said the detective slowly, “three days. '



door of his study swung slowly open, and a face ap-
peared in the aperture peering in at him as he slept.

It was the face of Zanahayah, too; the face of that
demon as we know it; the rather lean, but handsome
face, with its ﬂashing eyes, and that cruel smile showing
the gleaming teeth between the unnatural red lips.

There had not been a sound which would have dis-
turbed a mouse, had one been playing upon the floor
between Nick Carter and the door which was now slowly
swinging open; for the people who hailed from the Sa-
cred Valley were masters of the art of silence. In their
country, where vibric force was the all—powerful agent,
silence was the law, lest that terrible force should be
disturbed. ' '

A master of silence was Zanabayah; and he continued
to push that door further afar while Nick Carter con-
tinued to sleep, unmindful of the near approach of his
most deadly enemy. “ I '

And then the necromancer stepped inside the room.

He moved as a cat moves when it approaches its prey;
with continuous motion, and yet so slowly that there is
almost no motion perceptible; and certainly no sound.

He closed the door behind him-, as softly as he had
opened it; and then he stepped forward nearer to the
detective, and at last paused directly behind him, within
easy reach of him; and he stood there with that same
cruel smile upon his countenance, with his basilisk eyes
ﬁxed upon Nick Carter, sleeping quietly in the chair.

 

CHAPTER VIII.

THE DEFECTIVE FACE TO FACE WITH DEATH.

«T

Had Zanabayah wished to murder the detective, he
could easily have accomplished it then.

But it was evident that such was not his intention, for
having remained for a moment in- his menacing attitude
behind the chair of the sleeping detective, he deliberately
reached out his right hand, which the light on the table
shone upon, revealing the fact that he carried in the palm

‘of it a small instrument which was" not unlike an. ordi- H

nary hypodermic needle.
And this, without hesitation, he plunged deeply into
the‘ arm~ of the sleeping detective. . I
One would supposethat the sharp prick of a needle

in the ﬂeshof a sleeping man, would rouse him instantly;

well, this did that much. '

It roused him, for he startedsharply when the needle
touched him; but instantly his muscles relaxed and he
sank back again against the upholstery, as motionless as
if he were a graven image, but with his eyes wide open;
and intelligently open at that. .

And in the meantime, Zanabayah had stepped around in
front of him, so thatnow Nick's

\

     

open eyes couldsee the

   

, And oh, how vainly did Nick Carter try, at that mo-
ment, to rouse himself to action! How he strained his
muscles, which never before had refused to respond to

 alas, now, his arms were as if they were made of
lead; as if there were no longer nerves in his system to
respond to the commands of his brain.

) '-To save his life, he could not move anything but his
eyes; and those he kept ﬁxed upon the face of the in-
truder with an expression that was terrible to see, for
he realized his own helplessness and that he was utterly
at the mercy of this embodied ﬁend.

And Zanabayah stood there in front of him, smiling
down upon him with ‘his ﬂashing eyes, his gleaming
teeth, and his blood-red lips, looking for all the world
as if he were some human vampire.

_ “You see,” said Zanabayah softly, “I have at last called

’ upon you, Nick Carter. I have taken a time when I
knew that you would least expect me. I have come to
make terms with you.” '

The detective tried to reply, but he could not utter a
sound. He could move nothing but his eyes, although
his brain seemed to be as clear as it ever had been; and
he wondered what terrible drug had been shot into his
;veins that should so paralyze every energy he had save

 intelligence. A ’ .

_ But Zanabayah saw by the expression in Nick's eyes
 that he was endeavoring to reply to him, and he took a
A  ‘from his pocket and removed the cork. Then,

. stepping forward‘, -he moistened a corner of his hand-
. —kerchief with the ﬂuid, and applied it to Nick’s jaws.
‘ The detective could feel the muscles relax in response
 to the treatment; and when Zanabayah commanded him
' to open his mouth, he did so.

A drop more of the liquid on his tongue restored the
detective's powers of speech miraculously; and now he
found that he could move his jaws and the muscles of his

‘neck, and that hecould also talk; but more than that he
. Gould not do“. He was still as helpless and as powerless
.,-5to move as he had been since the needle was jabbed into
4 his ﬂesh. ‘ ' A
  -‘,‘Now,” said Zanabayah, “we.ean be quite cozy. We
Qfican discuss our affairs pleasantly; no? May I venture
 help myself to one of your cigars?" It is a habit I
/"‘:”I13Ve~ acquired—to srnoke—.-sincé I have been in this
eountry of yours, Mr.'Carter. Are you quite comfort-
able, s_ir?, But of course you are since you have no par-
 sensation of your body now. I suppose you are
 glad to see me; no?” .

ffi. would be if you-had not somehow deprived me of
  of using my muscles,” was Nick’; reply.
 know that I will not call out for help?”

x

   
  
   
 

   
  
  
   
 
    
  
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

‘this in order that you may realize fully how comp

- usrefer again to the needle that I holdiin my ,  .—

 

above what it is now. You could not make yourself
heard beyond that door, which, by the way, I think I
had better fasten while we are here together. There is
no likelihood that we will be interrupted, but it is as well .
to be prepared.”

“Perhaps you will tell me why you are here,” said
Nick, when the door was locked and Zanabayah had re-
turned to his chair; the same one where Starbuck had
been seated before he left the room to go to the library.

“Oh, yes. ‘I will tell you. I have come to make
terms with you, Nick Carter."

“\Vell?" said Nick. "\V'hat sort of terms? You seem
to have me at your mercy. just now. I am forced to
listen to you, whether I wish to do so or not. What
terms have you to propose to me? I confess that  do
not even try to understand you.”

“You will admit that I have you in my power, will
you not ?” asked Zanabayah.

“For the moment—yes." was the reply. _

“And that I could put you out of 1ife——which is another
method of saying that I could kill you—if I choose to do
so, very easily?”

“Yes.”

“And also that the other people in this house are
equally at my mercy?” _

“For the sake of the argument I will admit it. What
then?” '

“Do not you wonder that I have not done so already?” 
“I have not thought about it at all.” _ 
Zanabayah took another needle from one of his pock- ~

‘.1’

     
  
   
    
  
  
  
  
  
     
   
 
 

ets and held it out in the palm of his hand so that the
detective could see it. . '
_ “You observe what I hold in my hand ?” he asked.
“Yes. Plainly." 
“One touch of the point of that needle would put you I
forever out of life--would kill you, as you would ei _,
press it. Down stairs, in the library, Starbuck sleeper,
now, even as you slept, only the more soundly since I "
have already visited him. Up-stairs in his room, your .
sistant Chick is dreaming dreams which I have induced}.
in another room the young man who is called Patsy
in the same condition. Below, again, at a room at ,
end of your front hall, the man Joseph is now insen
to the ills and trials of the world. In the serv u.
quarters——well, I have not visited them for the ' "
that I know that none of the servants are likely to
this part of the house during the night. I tell y i

at my mercy you are at this moment. There is no
here to come to your assistance even if it were poa 2‘ 2
for you to cry out.” - ‘
“Then why did you take the trouble to lock the di
asked the detective. ~
“As a mere matter’ of precaution, that _is all. NOW

   
   
 
   
  
  
   
  
   
 
   
  
  
   
  
 
    
  
  
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  

y’ .

' _ touch of its point would kill you, Nick Carter.”
on said that before.” .

. And I have ‘come here to apply that death-dealing
‘lunch unless I can convince you of the wisdom of agree-
ﬁf to the terms I shall make."

"But why, under the circumstances, should you ﬁnd it
‘iieessary to make terms? If I am so completely at your
 as you say—and I do not doubt that I am-why
‘iiould Zanabayah require terms of me? Why don’t
you kill me first and make your terms afterward ?”

. “You are a brave man, Nick Carter!"

‘That does not reply to my question.”

7 I “It is possible, is it not, that you can serve my purposes
 alive, than if you were dead ?”

“i"I suppose so; else you would have done the murderous
* . \“In that you are correct. Now, if you will reply to my
 truthfully, and will afterward agree to the
tions I shall make-—and I assure you they will not be
' L ' ,—I4will spare your life and the lives of the other
‘I s at this moment in your house.” ' . I '
9‘And if I refuse?" '

it shall put you to death—and the others, also.”

The man made the statement as if he were talking of
 ordinary circumstance; but Nick Carter knew
hewas in deadly earnest.

 consent?” asked Zanabayah.

W‘! ®n’t lcnow-—until I have heard the questions I am
«ﬂnwer, and am told the condition to which I must

,”

“lwlltre is Idayah, now?”
idonot know-save that she is somewhere in the‘
_  company of Legaya ”
 that. But where have they gone ?”
I  not lmow., Legayah gavemelno inkling of his
save to say that he would take her to a place
she Wduld be safe from you. ‘I believed him——
 ,4¢inrted.”_. .p " . ‘~
 not tell lou‘ where it was that he would take
:  he foresaw such circumstance as
  itiwiee that I should not know. So
 toymi  perfect truth, I do not know.”
3 “ _  not have  the ' Sacred

cryouhiat-,1 do not know‘. I should suppose
the   possess, that of
la be"ouep6f_»theii1.i -I suouusupposeezllat
     evil
I99-: iris  iwtzeeive an

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. . ‘

“You are pleased to Be sarcastic, Mr. Carter; but it
does not affect me. You are as well aware as I am that
there is nothing supernatural about the powers I use.
I am as much a man and‘ ayhuman man as you are; with
something more of knowledge of the sciences and of the
latent forces of nature, perhapsjbut I am only a man,
with all a man’s passions, his loves, his hatreds, and his
ambitions.” :

“You are at least developing a little sense,” said Nick.
“Go on." ‘ '

“Is Legayah to return here after he has placed Idayah
in what he supposes is a place of safety?”

“Yes.”

“When .7’

“When he has disposed of her according to his plans.”

“But when do‘ you expect him-to return here?"

“I do not know.”

“Is that the truth P”

“Yes.” V . _ . .~ _

“Did he not place some limit on the time he would be
absent?”

‘Three days.” _

‘fAnd then? What was to be done here, after his
retum P” 5 T I

‘Nick thought deeply a moment before he replied to that
qutstion. His idea was that it woull be best for him to
answer all the questions which Zanabayah chose to ask.
He did not see how itpcould harm his own cause to do so
--and it gained time. Besides, he began to realise now

.- that Legayah had foreseen. this moment or spnnething

very like it, and had made his plans’ accordingly.

"We were to attack you,” he said, presently‘, watching
Zanabayah as he said it. I

But the latter only smiled one of his wolﬁsh smiles, and
was-‘also silent for a moment. '

“I wonder where Legayah found his courage .7" he
asked after a moment, more as if he were asking himself
the question, than if he were addressing the detective;

but Nick answered promptly:

“From the Wise Man of the Mountain." . .
Zanabayah started. The smile left his lips and he

showed his teeth ina good representation of a snarl; then
he said, with heat: I

x

“You lie.” V I -- I I
The detective shrugged his shoulders, .

v ‘~‘How do you know that what you tell me is true  

demanded the "ﬁend.

 know only what Legs‘ yah told me,-" replied Nick. f’:

“He referred often to the Wise Man of the Mountain.”

_AWithI’a.1visible Zanabayah recpvered from the
shock thatftliis‘ intelligence hid visitednpon him; and.?.,

he,,aaid:' I,  ‘

:4 ‘I

   

I

 

r

    
 

1

   
   
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
   
  
    
    

  
 

“Nick Carter, what you tell me has pronounced your
doom. Nothing can save you now-—~for you must die}?

 

CHAPTER IX. .
‘ 1 NICK CARTER wrrm-zsses AN ASTOUNDING THING.
. I

 _ Jzanabayah meant it, too. That was evident from the
“ expression of his face as he leaned forward when he made
the threat, and gazed deeply into the detective's eyes.
“You must die,” he repeated, “unless ” ‘

 "Oh, there is a way out, then?” asked the detective.
?“what is it?” '

J vBut Zanabayah made no answer. He was thinking
xédeeply, and slowly Nick saw a smile dawn upon his
face. . .

“I. think, ‘Nick Carter, that instead of killing you just
_ now, I will make you my tool. I have thought of a way
if I to do it—a way that will interest you, since it is borrow-
?,  for a time some of your own methods. I am going to
Rave you for a moment, and if you wish to call out for
ihclpff have no objections, since it will be impossible
for you to make aisound louder than you have already

   
 

  

Without ‘another word he turned and left the room,
Aleaving the door open behind him as if it were true that
i had no fear of interruption. »
Nick could hear him pass along the hallway to the
 ﬂight of: stairs, and ascend them; and then the
 did make an'_effort to shout aloud; but he
found that the ﬁend had spoken thetruth when he said
ﬁat such an effort would be useless.
d three minutes later, Zanabayah returned; and he
. ‘ed in his hands two belts of an inﬂated substance
‘  rubber, which looked as if they might have
" ed for life-belts at sea. - ' '
 ofthese he. adjusted beneath the arms of the
i 've; the other be fastened around his waist;.and
without an -apparent effort at all, be bent forward
raised the detective‘ from the chair in which he was
A , lifted him" as easily as he would have done the
.  had  taken‘ away with Legayah, and\Nick
that the belts that hadbeen fastened to him were
"  which iovereame the attraction of gravita-

 
 
  

  
   
     
 

 
 
 

  
  
 

 Zanabayah _carriéd him easilyvout of the
l .   fﬁsgqiinggitiouside, removing
V" ‘r ‘*'g"g'§t§h1mA":  t    t

c

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

And then he carried the detective up the stairs to the“?
top of the house, and out upon the roof, closing doors
carefully after him; and at last crossing the roof where
rested the same sort of ﬂying-machine, or air-ship, as
Legayah had used when he took Idayah away.

He placed the detective upon this and strapped him
fast to it; then he adjusted one of the aerial suits to his
own person; then he stepped aboard and strapped him-
self fast to the seat he was to occupy, and then, with a
smile which Nick could see in the starlight, he said:

“I am giving you a trip through the air, Mr. Carter.
I hope you will enjoy it as you should do.”

He did not wait for a reply if Nick had chosen to make
one, but at once set the machinery in motion, so that they
left the roof instantly and mounted into the air, straight
upward for several hundred feet. 

Then more buttons were pressed, other machinery was 1
set in motion, and the strange vehicle of the air darted
away over the housetops at a rate of speed which Nick

      
    
       
   
     
    
     
    
      
  

could not even guess at.

And all this time Nick Carter could not move" a
muscle. The invisible chains which enthralled him, and
which had been induced by that mysterious drug, had
lost none of the power to hold him, and he could only
remain a passive spectator of what was happening
around him.

But his brain was active.

He kept as clear an account of the time and the"i
direction in which they traveled as was possible under :4
the circumstances. _

He was chilled to the bone by the cool air at that
height and the rapid ﬂight through it; but he said no
word, nor did Zanabayah, until, at last, with a 
swoop; the dumb-bird circled and descended, and at 
alighted upon the roof of a building that was compl
surrounded by a forest; and Nick had no ida at
where they were.

And still Zanabayah remained silent; but he made;
‘machine fast to the roof and undid the straps which
the detective. Then he lifted him as easily as he

        
  
  

  
      
     
  

 
 

       
   
 
 
    

 
 

doorway that was open, and so inside the house
which they had alighted. ‘ "
They ‘descended a ﬂight of stairs to another ﬂoo
thence along a hallway to a door which opened‘ to
them as they advanced, and then into a large
room. . i ' l

  

 
  
    

    
 
   
 
   
   
  
   
   
    
  
   
 
    
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
  

H  there was a surprise awaiting the detective;
 Zanabayah put him, helpless as he was, down
.1 r I chair that he pulled forward for the purpose, the
ective saw that there were three other men in that
Qiiqom, and that each looked so exactly alike that if one
 places with another before him, he could not
‘tell which was which; and all three were exact counter-
 of Zmabayah himself. '

I "I Ilm in the presence of three of the sons of Zana-
bayah,” was his thought, although he uttered no word.
*’5‘Onegis in the Tombs; one is at police-headquarters, and
‘other, according to Legayah, is still at home in the
 Valley. These, then, are the remaining three.”
"There was actually no dilference in the appearance of
 four men, nor did one look younger or older than

1'.

ick had often wished that he might sometime come

by to facewith the Zanabayah crowd, as he called it,

 he had his wish indeed, although not in exactly

i “lmanner he had prayed for it. ’
ntf now Zanabayah—Qr was, it Zanabayah himself?

‘__' :Dould‘not have told—-stood before him with that

 slnile of evil on his handsome face. '

 about to give you a lesson in one of your own

. _' « 1115,” be said coldly. “If you will watch me, you

,,pel'haps learn something.” /

’ A made no reply, for as yet he had no idea what the

denied to do, '

h  was” not long left in doubt, for, with signs

e in  diﬂerent articles to their father.

     
   
   
  
  
 

  

of his adventures, often heenwitnesses to
’proceeding;butthiswastheﬁrsttirneinNick

 as the subject of it. L
  instentlythatsuch wastbeintent1on'
, 3!‘ once that the  intended to go
that  made as  Carter; to return,
, cerscris  and present himself‘?

  
 

 

‘ New" ivick CARTER WEEKLY.

the man made to his sons,.they were presently

A V enumerated them.

Starbuek, and, having 3,!‘ will lead  to  ,

 

He went about his work with a deliberation which
showed the conﬁdence he felt in himself, and with a
certainty of entire success in his hearing which made
the detective again attempt to bring motion and life into
his paralyzed muscles. A

But he could_not do so. He could only sit there and
look on at the proceedings impotently. A

The four men were strangely silent. They were silent
people, Nick remembered; and it was Nick who spoke
ﬁrst.

‘LYou may be an expert at your craft," he said, “but
you won’t fool Chick.”

“I could fool the devil himself,” was the reply.

“You are taller than I; much taller.”

“I know how to reduce my height. By a contraction
of the muscles, which I have practiced many times, and
also a physical sinking at the joints, I can reduce my
height easily, by—-—well, enough to fool even Chick, as you
call him.”

It is not necessary that the operation of making the

V change should be described in detail; suffice it to say

that Nick’s clothes were presently stripped from him;
arid when Zanabayah had donned them and added the
ﬁnishing-touches to his make-up, he stood before Nick
ahd laughed in his face.

For he was as perfect a counterpart of the detective
as can be imagined.

Nick, himself, could detect nothing about the make-up V
that he could criticise; and even. the voice, when Zana— i
bayah spoke, was perfectly assumed; and the height,
which Nick had believed impossible to change suﬂiciently, K
was reduced until, as he stood there, Nick groaned in 4.:
spirit, believing that even Chick would be deceived.

‘fAnd now,” said Zanabayah, “I am Nick Carter, and 
younare nothing. Have you thought of how many pur- 
poses this masquerade will serve me ?”

“No,”, replied the detective. . ,

Zanabayah ticked them off on his ﬁnger—tips as -‘he 

. “One,” he said, “I will be at your house to meet Lega- _— 
yah when he returns. Two, I have two sons now in ‘- 
prison whom my inﬂuence in this disguise will serve to I
liberate, So: they will ‘éasilylbe released to you. Three, I r "
will find out from Legayah when he returns, where  -.
has takenldayah. Four, I will go there, wherever it may  

  

  

u

be; after her. Five, 1 willeasily have the conﬁdence of '" '

   

 

  

     

»  

 
   
  
  
    
   

.,. ‘

 shall result from apparently natural causes, so

"done, I shall still remain N icl-r,Carter, to all the world. I
  the conﬁdence of Idayah ; and she, who is more
‘ than half in love with you now, and would be entirely so
_ -it were not that she loved Starbuck ﬁrst, will soon
 to put me in his pla.ce4for in my country we do
‘ ‘knot mourn our dead; we are glad with them, that they
 are gone to the glory that awaits th_em.. Now, what do
“you think of it all ?"'

 Nick did not reply.

i What could he have said?

. I There was nothing to say. He saw plainly that this
ﬁend in human shape had builded perfectly. He felt that
‘there would be little if any diﬁiculty in deceiving Star-
huck, and even Legayah, when he should return; he had
‘thought at first that Chick could, not be deceived; but
now he had to admit to himself that even Chick would be
yclileely to fall a victim to the master-deception.

V And he realized the deadly certainty of the ‘plan of
zﬂnabayah. _
Tj'ﬁ:'have put Starbuck out of the‘ way by violence would
have been to plunge her in grief; but to kill him by
‘ apparently natural causes, would be to make her a widow;
and after that—Nick knew that Zanabayah could win
 be but played his. part perfectly to the end.

I» He was interrupted in his thoughts "by the ﬁend again.
A  is not all,” he was saying. “I have left one
jh.hIg.unsaid till, the last. I shall keep you here, alive,
iathttilyqsons to watch over you, until I am assured that
#4 need you again; and then-—need I say what

 

  

 
  

  

  

    
   
      
     
  

 
 

  
    
 
 
  

  
  

. .. by-tlle_suee,ess'o£ his plans thus

,  v

  

"931", ope  these are  »ca'n\sp'eak your
  one ratltet-imperfectly: and they are
mail at the best. But they will look outfof your

. g  “fa; .1   safety as far

   

  

‘New  NICK‘ CA’liTERi W

.1  Idayah, may not be prejudiced. Six, after that is '

 Nick   ;_ V and, liluubayah hushed. ,
e ' ‘ ° " ‘ others who were concerned in these events.

 he  »if‘B=*=i*,hele l

     
    
   
    
 
 
 

s. 

A‘»..,w ,t~_ ( U

EEKLY.
misery in the world like the suffering of the mental qualiifi, 
ties; and you suffer now because you are a helpless lump‘ I
of clay before me. Have you anything to say before ’
I go?”

“Yes. This: you will fail.”

“I cannot fail.’;

"You will fail.”

“Y0u———are a fool!”

“Perhaps; but you will fail. The emerald skull will 50
your undoing.”

For just one instant Zanabayah hesitated as if Ii . I
were about to make some reply. A spasm as if of pain
ciintorted his face; and then it passed, leaving his smile,
which now was Nick Carter's smile; even that. H

An then, turning about, he disappeared through the
door, closing it behind him.

 
        
     
    
      
    
  

T

CHAPTERX.
' CHICK SUSPECTS.

And now, for the sake.of the chronology of this sthry,_;
we must perforce leave Nick Carter in that room where 
Zanabayah left him in charge of the three sons; and,‘

   
 

leaving him there, we must still hear in mind that he is}
there, and that this man who appears to be Nick Carter L"
is not he at all, but Zanabayah, the Terrible. ‘

The “Seven—headed Monster," as Chick had so aptl
called him, had now the upper hand of aﬁairs; th A‘
could be no denying that.‘ g’

Of course we are not permitted to follow him" one‘
return ﬂight to the house, for he has never revealed‘ 77
thoughts of what he did that night. We can 
the remainder of what happened through the eyes,

  

     
  
    
       
    
     
 
   
 
   
 

  

When Starbuck opened his eyes, stretched himselﬁ: r
eyawned, he was surprised to discover that he was
seated in thelibrary and that daylight was streaminf
through the windows. ' -‘ 

“Gee!” he exclaimed. “I must have fallen‘ asleep
all right. Add I must have slept like a log
Somebody lmbecn inthc room, too; and turned
light. I suppose it was Nick.” « I

Be yawned again, and -looked at his watch.

Here he utteredianother  of s
itwaaalriIostnineo'clock, 
-~"‘1di§l—n°.* -«mo-e they em slept so late

   
 

  

  

  

  
 

done up. Heigho! 171: go on a stil1-hunt
, out if.I am the only one who is awake.”

went into the ditfmg-room, and there he found
seated near a window, reading the morning paper
 had happened.

"H,:1lo‘,.‘Chick,” he said. “Did you know that I slept
 hbraxy last night?”

«sin. I found you there a little bit ago. I turned off
 left you.‘ Patsy and I were the only ones
out to bed, I think-—-except, of course,‘ Joseph.
remained at work in his study till after daylight, he
, then napped in his chair."

A like you all had breakfast?” _ .
N9  It will be ready in a few moments.”
 ght-.i I'll be down.”

Eras splashing in the tub, but it wasn’t long
that iwhenhe tapped gently at the door of the
‘ls. study, and was hidden to enter. A »

 teply. »“Wh&’t‘report .7” ‘
eslyept in the library-—-=deuéed funny thing for
1 0l1_"k,1lDV4'5*_C331't'_1Il1derSt3Ddi it in ‘the, least.
ya,‘ that you liave only) trapped in your
31:‘ that a fact. old chap?” ,
I  back in chainwhere he was seated‘
 oi ufw, tr; aplittle ‘bit ‘ reckless. about
    readyifor breakfast?”
3    appetite:l_il’te,a.horse.”

fq.-_,»._~ . » -. ..
Nick ‘CARTER “WEEKLY.

1 ptileto him to come hereand ﬁnd ldayah goiie. It is _

' " ﬁgndinghersgone, he hopes’ through us to be led to 

,2 W‘;..,.. 1,.“ 1 1.

   
  
  
  
 
 
  
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
   
     
 
  
  
     
   
 
   
 
  

“Has it occurred to you,” was the quiet reply, in
Nick Carter’s voice, “that we all slept rather soundly
last night? And also unusually late this morning?”

“Yes; it has.”

“Has it occurred to you to ask yourself why?”

“Yes; it has.” ,

“I have discovered that many things in my room,
among my papers, and other things as well, have been
disturbed during the night.
Chick?”

Chick was startled.

“Do you mean to imply,” he said, “that Zanabayah
paid us a visit during the night?”

Can you account for that,

“I haven't a doubt of it,” was the instant reply. “I
think he did more than that. I am of the opinion that
he visited each of us, during the time he was here-—--‘
even_,Joseph; and you just now asked me if I felt well.
Tovtell you the truth, I feel very strangely. I am not
myself, somehow, Chick.”

i:‘T‘bat accounts for it,” said Chick.

“‘Yes; that accounts for it, whatever it is that you
mean. I suppose that Zanabayah must have drugged us.
and that the effect of it has not worn off entirely."

“I feel as ﬁt as a ﬁddle,” said Starbuck.

“I do not feel badly,” said Patsy. K

“Nor I,” said Chick. “You seem to be the only one, J
Nick, who experienced any ill effects from the visita— 
tion,--if visitation there was." i I "3

 

“Possibly," was the reply, “he gave me a larger dosed 
than he did you. At all events I am not myself.” 
“What I cannot understand,” said Chick musingly, “is 
why he did not lay us all out for good if he succeeded in
getting inside the house and visiting every one of us. He ’
couldcasily have killed us all and have left no trace of it :3‘:
behind him.” '

:_“_Po,ssibly he had  plans. Possibly it was a sur? 

   

likely. that he did. not know of the plans of l..egayah._" It
is likely that he did nothing more than drug us; because



A:



  

' u

again :"

  
   

 

    
 
  

~"7IXnd then, without more words, he left the house.
I But Chicik followed ‘him to the door and called after

. Nick?” M V
 “No; I want you to remain here. All of you. Such
 are my wishes for the present. Remember that we do
I; not know at what time Legayah will reappear; and re-
member; also, that Starbuck is not safe if he is left
alone. Zanabayah may reappear at any moment.”

Chick went inside the house shaking his head dubi-
onsly. . v ‘ *
 “What is the matter?” Starbuek asked him;.but he did
 not reply. After a little he said: ’ . -

‘ “Come up to Nick’s study, Starbucks Let’_s sit there
until he returns. There are no cigars down here," anyhow,
Vandthere are plenty nu.-i~e."'. And in the study, after
.,._'th;y had lighted uieir cigars-and seated ‘themselves to
i enjoy them, he hdded: “Did you notice anything strange

    
 
   
   

  

  
  

.~.“No; why ?’ ‘ r
<“\"_I;thought that he acted. queerly.”
“What about 2" p , , ’
  what pnizles me. About nothing in partic-

   
 

, I should havethoughtthat it was not Nick at all."
.‘.‘Now,. what the devil do you mean by that, Chick?”

‘Chick was silent for a moment; then he said slowly:
:?f'I ﬁnd that it is rather ‘hard to explain to what I do

~_,v.

 
  

' if!  inseparable companions for n
_ ,  ‘forigi‘niui‘y;"iie found me'dut.in
 . Nevada", where I was an
” ~ ~- boy, wandering ‘aboilt ‘hen   "3 be-St
‘ 1, ‘us oﬂl}f"Iiitﬂ¢'kd then, and‘ I ‘was fortunate
 _be_ ei%u&iue‘nee -tdhim  eneei his great

 g  —‘0ne*Against

  
  

._ \
1;!’ ,.. , - ..

.t~§,g¢.-yfoi1:}getting'at, a‘n:yhow?’f‘ 
9=’v*°°“ “W”? ‘°.“‘°<
_  iéﬁ’ered.to bringgme 

     

I

      

NEW, NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

"‘Don’t you think you had better take me with you,»

. is like the Corsican brothers.

xtrouble. ,1 rose at once and hurried to his room.'"',
_ was not there and_the'b'ed had not been slept in.“

 . 1311!-§iib7at"h8S’nOthi!Ig to do with 'die~ea'se." I

 hi’ ""‘*‘7_~~“? ""'- *".‘»_ 9 i

‘I ~59. ht;tt‘.a11-the moraine.-st,

    

“He did it. I was given the name of Chickeﬁiig ,
Carter. I was baptised by that name. I became one of -i
the family. His wife, Ethel, was alive then. She was the. 1.‘
best woman that ever lived in all the world, bar none. ’

“Wait, now, Starbuck, I know what I am talking ,7
about, and you will know, too, in a few moments. What
I want to say is, that although people suppose differently,
there is really no blood, relationship between Nick Carter
and myself. We look something alike, it is true, but we
are not related.

“But, Starbuck, there has always been something be?
tween us that is nearer than the ties of blood could ever
be of themselves.” = E

Starbuck nodded violently. '

“I can understand that,"-he said. ' 

“No, you cannot; that is, not what I mean. I mean i:
that there has always existed a strange, and, you might '
say, an incomprehensible, sympathy‘ between Nick and
me. If he is in trouble of any kind, I seem to know it, no? if
matter what the distance between us happensto ‘be. It ‘
You know about that?” r 

    
  
     
 
 
   

“Yes.”, _ .
“If I am in California and Nick is here; and something
happens to him which disturbs him, I always seem to
sense the fact at once; as if'there were/-some sort 
telepathy between us that has nothing to do with our
wills, which is entirely involuntary, and yet which is-as
real as that hand which I hold out now for you to se
Starbuck nodded again.

"And this morning,” continued Chick in a lower t
andileaning forward, as if to give emphasis to his wo

    
    
  
 

   
   
  
 
  

   
   

heaviness about me which told me that Nick “was ‘U 

    
   
  

  

alanned then and hastened to his‘ study, and the
{mind him" app‘arently"sleeping in his Chair, although
opened his eyes and stared at me the instant I enter
‘*Even then thereawas‘ ‘something in the look he 
which was not natural.‘ In all the years I have
Nick,-I have never seen that expression in his e
was ‘as if he were startled. I I
‘I “It disappeared instantly, of course, and he  "
naturally to me. ‘ ‘ ’ ‘

"wen, you know i the

  
   
    
 

    
      
   
 
 
 

  
  

 _far’ as 

 

and

 

 
 

   
 
    
 
 
   
    

    

_ ‘of oppression is upon me heavier than
 if I we're in California, as I suggested a
N’ ago, I would know that wherever Nick might
_ -was in mental trouble of some sort.

cishglxlll./ait! Do not interrupt. He tells us now that
this no doubt in his mind that Zanabayah was in this
i  night. Neither is there any doubt in my mind,
cimatterof that; but Nick Carter would not have

 
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  

said thathe did not feel like himself.”

. ;,_ you have heard it said that Zanahayah
.158 himself so perfectly that he can fool anybody
 ‘Do you suppose that it"would be a possible
61'/shill‘! to do, to putohinuelf into Niel: came:

guy;-—-av‘
., I y K

V QHAPTER XI. V
Asowlticnxcx !o£'rI-:cl'rs rnr. (nor.
“hiinutel Stargliuck remained staring, open-
‘  . rta’m_1a;:aggneae t . . 
 M ,' heartily; loudly; till
_, finto,.h.iey»vey"es andlhe.was_forged to‘
‘V k, in continues And all the
‘ slesshisss  silently .;¥¢83“13“&
soitzitstianés, with slooniy em swift!) set
  stemthatv Starbuck at last
  to express his amuse-

  

   

  

 NICK‘ “CARTER WEEKLY.

* he could impersonate Nick Cartel‘ to4clay ?”‘ 

. H   who..took breakfast with us thismorning, wouldnlt -
_ =j"*+wogtdu'tyau.km5wi£ri~ . y .
j ~ 7"0h»»t1,1¢re. is‘-mt/so.mu¢h“.expmtedVo£<the likes

of all that ‘we have been warnedagainst in regard to
this Zanabayah ﬁend of a man, who has already‘ proved‘
to us much of the devilish ingenuity of which he is capa-
ble. Think of what your own wife has said about it.
Think of what Zanabayah did only yesterday when he
returned to this house a few moments after the departure
of Legayah, having in that time made up so perfectly to
represent Legayah that even Nick was deceived for a
moment.” ‘ N

“I know. I know.” -

“This man whom we believe to be Nick Carter——-whom
we have every reason to believe is Nick and no other, ,
tells us—-—in.a manner that is not Nick.’s-that Zanabayah
was here in this house during the night, and that he
drugged us all. What did he come here for, if he came
at all P” ~ _

“Lookhere, Chick, you haive got to answer your own
questions if you want them answered at all. You have

got nieall mixed up, so that I don’t know whether I am

a  or a monkey.” 

.‘f‘If he came here at all, he came here to accomplish
soiiiethinge-some deﬁnite purpose, and, failing in that,
do you suppose he would have gone awaysatisﬁed and

. lefteus to wake up unharmed this morning? Don't you

suppose. that he would have worked some of his ‘chi: T
eaneryg upon one of us or all of *us? It goes witliout  
saying that he would havegclone tl1,at.”_ L
«wen, well, wax? What then r’ N, V __ .. .
<".What then? pHA_o\_v do I know what then? If he is as
ismartas they say he is ;-if he can transform himselfginto
the semblance ‘of another person as readily as we are told ‘
he can do wit, and if he‘ is as smart iaslwe have reason to
believe 'he'is, what is" more likely than,‘ having limpet?’
.30’nated' Legayah yesterday, it should occur io hint that

 
 
 
  

      
       
    
     
    
 
   
     
 

 ’“Chicl-t. you are rapidly getting me scared.” ‘V
s "I “I‘r-ax'n1'sca’red lnyself-4-almost, when I think about it." 
“But-—confound it, Chick-—-if that was not 

 
   
    

 
 

     

  
  

.af_—fm:.

       

  

 it is diﬁsxtsntur Yc_2uf“a.r_c.-3

  

   
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
     
    
    
     
      
  

. P24 pet dog!» I ‘ -'

 A I"._ike.a ﬂash Chick leaped -to his feet; but then hesank

back ‘again into hischair.

» “What is the? matter?” "asked. Starbuck.

" -“Your remark _about the dog staftled me. I was

‘ thinking of Pedro.—our bloodhound. But he is not here.

 He is in the country. We could not, possibly get him

here before -to—morrow, and we must act before that

time. We must act at once.” '
“Act? Act how? What do you mean?”
,“I mean that we must.act—that is all.

gone‘ now, do you suppose?” .

._7‘' '—“Who? Nick? He said he was going for a walk.”
“I know! By glory, I know! I believe Ido know l”

I He started from his chair again and fairly leaped across

_the_room and seized the telephone. In an instant he had

Where has he

. it at his ear and was calling for police headquarters.

  

:-As soon as he wasanswered, he asked:

  

'I's"that you, inspector?"

“Yes,” came the reply. ‘

‘ ,“I wish to talk_ with you quite conﬁdentially for a
tinoment. I mean that if Nick should happen to be there,
n or should enter while I am talking to you, you are not
to tell him who I am or what I say. Will you agree to
tan?’ '

   
  
 

Of course. ‘But whatﬁis the matter with you,

     
   
  

’_‘“I aim’: know-—quite. Now tell me-i—is. Nick there?”
‘.¢eN-0.». ‘ ‘ )

   
   

 I think’ he will wish to see you at -once
 in-“arrives; and that he will also wish to have that
‘ V _ ., yah, you know-".-”

 he will ask you to let Zanabayah depart in his

  

1!
‘ o.

  

      
    

ell,’  he sliould do that? Why not? There
‘ geaﬁy  on earth for which we can hold him,
I .  ?”V l 1 I. I ,
  attenipted murdcr.’_’
. Che  and I know that the charge
  V, Theaminute this fellow is . allowed.
“ ' if  foreiguenand

. .

       

New NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

‘ “This is Chickering Carter. With whom am I talking?

. what I can to oblige you, although it strikes me as rather ,

A  I have an idea thathe is on his way there at '_

   

 

along that Nick would be down after him to set him,
free.” _

“But, all the same, if Nick does arrive there within the
next half-hour or so, and does make that request, I want
you to do me the favor to hold the man in spite of it.
Will you?”

“But why? And what do you mean by going against
the wishes of your chief, young man 3”’

“I mean something that‘ is especially vital, inspector.
I cannot tell you what it is over the phone, and Nick
will not know about it when he gets there, so you are .
not to tell him of this talk. But will you oblige me?” '1

“I don’t see how I can do it. Chick.” _ . 2,

“That isn’t all, either,” insisted Chick. “Nick will U
want you to give him an order to get thatlother fellow
out of the Tombs————" ; ._ .

“He'll have to get a magistrate to do that. It is out of
my jurisdiction, that is."

  

“Tell him so. then. and see if he does not ask you to get V t.
the order for him, or send for it for him. I don’t want
you to do that, either.”

“If you will-tell me what is up, Chick, I'll try to do

an odd request that you .make.”‘
“If I should tell you, you would not believe me; or.‘
you would think me a foo.”

“I have never thought that about you yet; lad; 
I’m not likely to do so. And as for_ not believing 
—I have yet to ﬁnd out when you have lied to me." '

“Well, then, I am not sure that Nick is Nick. I———

“Eh? What’s that!” . f‘

“I'm not sure that Nick is Nick. I am afraid that’
is somebody else who is——-—”

    
 

        
  

“Say, Chick; you had better run around the corner a
see the doctor; or go and soak your head. ‘ Get
with you l” ' V

And that was all. , p

The inspector, thoroughly convinced that 
Nick together were trying to put up a job of some
on him, hung up the receiver and refused to__
longer. _ . . , i ’ I

’ But Chick was not through yet. _

He asked ‘Central ‘to give him the Tombs, andt
askedfor the warden, or for whoever happened
in charge at the moment. »

._Itwasoneofthe deputies who answeredh

  

  
   
      
 
  

  
  
    
      
   
 

   
 
 

i  .\;EVv

    
  
  
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
    
 
 
 
 
  
 

“Nick Carter been there ?"
‘Ahas, sir. He has just gone—not ten minutes ago.
are you?” , i
am Chiclr—his assistant. I am anxious to get him.

 what he did there, at the Tombs.” T —
“Well, I wouldn't mind telling you, if I was sure of
‘but you see, I’m not. I don't know your voice
L tosrecognize it—-—-—” ‘ ’
“Suppose I should guess what he did and ask you
.{i_t:?":  I ' V i * . i

s ‘A , that would be ‘different. you know. I reckon
iionldnlt be any difficulty about answering your
  ‘yes" or ‘no.’ What is it that you want

1 .

  the prisoner away from the Tombs

  

do".irou’V'  . , r
 the .receive!%to  hook and‘ than sank

  

‘I“kuotn’.it now,"

  
  

$.

  

 heCSta:ted:,backi_.in 

   
  

    

WWW,
1‘;hi¢f..l'He
, lwwsw we 

,wmwwmww

V. '5

out‘: 7-! was

his Jvtﬁznn

 

I.

   

NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

.e='i    59;: Nick" '

 (, sizes upouihisv reg.-tfwith he?
   ttirewit open in, _front_ '

4  threaﬁold+or.'inst beyond it...,._
7  sof“elown_ the stairs, from ;
i—  -there with :2 ‘

 Q tie is “

‘ 5’“1>wauc to know, what youdid $1ith7‘Idayah." ~s

"'  3 3-1‘
7 gioldetl,-noto"to‘*_Sta€bua7ek.‘} ‘f i i.

   

I

“Gone? Did he take the prisoner with him ?"‘
. "Sure."

“And did you tell him———did you tell him----”

“I told him nothing. Do you take’ me for a fool?
What is this thing you are up to anyhow? Some sort of a
joke ?" —

“'111anl< you, inspector,” said Chick; and be shut off.
But he breathed a sigh of relief as he turned again
toward his companions in the room, for he did not care '
half so much about the escape of the prisoners as he did
that the man who had been instrumental in liberating

them should not be informed that he was suspected.

And then, as rapidly and as concisely as he could do _
so, he told Legayah about all that had happened, about.
his suspicions and why they had been aroused; and while
he talked Legayah listened intently, occasionally nodding
his head in acquiescence.

"I think‘ you are right.” he said, at the conclusion of
the tale. . . "i 
“The man will return here,” said Chick. “As the case i
Stands now, it will not occur to him that he is suspected.” A 

M “Fm not so sure of that,” ‘replied Legayah. “How-V

    
      
    
     
  
     
     
       
 
    
 
        
 

eveir, we must-wait."
‘\

I‘ I ': Quaint?

- «CHAPTER XII.

okra: rorancv or run axhrmw axon.
“But. while we are waiting,” said Chick, "think of
what mayhappen toiNickl’T, , A _ ‘  p
- “Cairn yotirself, my‘ young friend,” was the" 
"If anything was to happen to your beloved master, it
has alreadybeen done. If Znnabayah meant to injure
him‘ it is likely can he has done sofalready, ‘while irilie
has not injured him,'ther_lc is ample time to await-the
coming of the human ﬁend he.re.. Be patientgmy 
ﬁll  be well. Aecepfniy assurancesof that." A
‘ s “And new ,1 wantpto say a word,” broke in _StIrbucli.

  

 

   

.~.

  

 turned to him‘ with a’s_rnile an his lips, 
zine iiaid'softly:?.‘i‘_‘    " i -  
_bri:1g you this from your wife, is. q‘_,,,,,-3: W. 1,;

  

   

A ‘ :vsr¥*Wt;i

 

  
 
 
  
   
 
   
   
  
 
    
  
  
     
         
       
       
   
  

.  speed towarduthe Sacred Valley, to which place I have
- gone gladly on the advice of Legayah. He knows that
 I will be safe there, and he says that'my people need
, "me. _, _I have promised him in your name that as soon as
I the work is done that‘ you have to do here, as soon as
_ the power of Zanabayah is taken from him. you will let
 Legayah bring you to me there. Come to me, my hus-
 band. I shall await you with ‘all the love of my soul and

‘I heart. . . And, if it is possible, persuade Nick and
Chick to" come with you; even if it is only for a short
. visit on their parts. As for yourself,‘I have the promise
.7  of Legayah that my people will be willing that we should
4 spend part of the time away from them, if only I will
resume my place as-queen over them. So come to me as
 “ soon as you can. My best love.
‘ “You will go ?” said Legayah, addressing Starbuck.

“Yes,” he replied. “I will go.”

The white-haired man turned to Chick again then.
‘ “I half-expected to ﬁnd trouble here when I’ alighted
 the roof.” he said. “There is one of the dumb-birds
 there. It has been taken apart and stored, as only my
‘ pedpﬂe know how‘ to store them, compactly, and weighted
‘down, on the roof.‘ I suspgcted when I saw it that
Zanabayah was up to some of his tricks, and, therefore,
I was not as surprised as I perhaps might have been
‘_ when you told me what has happened.”

, ;‘And what shall we do now?” asked Chick. “Some-
‘thing must be done at once.”
5 “Nothing can be done until Zanabayah comes,” was the

57)

   
      
  

to control him. Hark!” ~ \
The street-door opened and closed, and a step was
Jieard ascending the stairs. ‘

 
 
 
      
 
     

‘K dark scowl swept across Chick’s face, and, in a
 he’ said to his companions:
.f«1f {needed anything more to convince me that this
I , is irot Nick, I have it now. The step._ You can
tztegnmher 'man’5.wa1k, but you cannot do it in
535,3  descending stairs. Whatever the appear-
may be, the man who is approaching us now is not
 it was Nick “Ca;-te_1-—‘-apparently--Who. entered at
 a mornentlater; and’ Chkk Tegatdéd bin‘ "3"
as  in to the study, for if it had really been
 hove shown some disfleasufﬁ 09 ﬁ”¢"'.'£'

 
 

     
     
     
  

  
 

   

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

reply. “When he does appear, I believe that/I have a way

    

found Legayah there; and it did appear for a moment:
as if he did not know exactly how the discovery should

\

be regarded.

 

It was Legayah who set him at his ease, for. with the
most natural assumption of accepting the situation, he
said: _

“How are you, Mr. Carter? VVell. I hope. You see I’
have returned rather sooner than you had reason to
expect me. But I preferred not to let you know the‘
exact hour of my return, lest Zanabayah should somehow
find it out also.”

“And Idayah F"

“Is safe.

asked the impostor zmxiously.

We need not know more than that at
present. For the best of reasons I prefer to keep her
locality a secret from you for a time. But soon. quite

soon, I will take you to her."

"The pseudo detective crossed the room to the chair
which the detective was in the habit of occupying. and -
dropped wearily into it; and Chick’s lip curled in scorn
at himself when he thought that this man had ever 
succeeded in deceiving him, even for a moment.

It was all that Chick could do to hold himself in. so . 
that he would not spring upon the man who sat there in .5,
his chief’s chair, as if he owned it and the house as
well. _

But he had resolved now to be guided by the resource» 4.. ~
ful man who stood beside him‘; and Legayah, realizing ‘
this, placed his right hand inside the breast of his coat;
and, holding it there, stepped around the table until he}.
stood beside the disguised Zanabayah.
. “Mr. Carter,” he said,
brought you something.”

“Yes ?”.was the reply; and Zanabayah raised his 
and threw.out his‘ chin as he had often seen Nick 
do.

“I‘* have brought you something from Idayah, whs

  
    
     
  

speaking mildly, “I hav

 

you will prize very highly indeed; something wliic
sent to you with her love and best wishes, knowing
her husband would not object.” . in

The suspicion of a ﬂush stole into the cheeks of’ ‘
bayah and his eyes glowed so that he half-covered
with his lids; a thing which Nick Carter never
although Chick chose to take no notice of the I
just t_hen._ ' y g

Legayah still held that hand in the breast-pocket «.»,
coat; and now, Zanabayah, with ‘a show of ‘
asked": _ ~ \ '

  

    
    
       
 

   
 
   
  
  
    
  
  
   
  
    
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
    
     
  
   
 

Legayah drew his hand from his pocket slowly, keeping
rtﬁeiosed so that whatever it was that he held in the
lm, it was not revealed at hnce. '
‘ But suddenly he thrust his hand forward and opened it,
 that it was directly under the eyes of the impostor.
' It was the emerald skull which he held in his hand.
“ If there had been deception before, there could be none
 longer.
:'The_ instant that the eyes of Zanabayah rested upon the
rlntll, he uttered ashout which was like a scream and he
started back in such terror that he overturned the chair
51l',which he had been seated and fell with it to the floor
3 crash.
And the instant he fell Chick was upon him holding
  with his strong hands at the man's throat and
M  digging into the ﬂesh in a manner that few
 haveiwithstood. ' "' - ‘
Hold him I” said Legayah; and he bent forwarcland
‘placed the emerald skull against Zanabayah’s fore-
 held it there pressing it into the flesh, where
, Vould5have'suppoaed it was burning its way to the
 ‘ to judge from the contortlons of Zanabayah’s limbs,
 of his face, the agony. upon his countenance,
 of swear that started out upon him. «

chi, who had just entered the house, looked on in
 that superstition should goso far, for
mheehheeed all that Legayah had told them about
, iitperstition though it was, it was also fact so ﬁar
 upouthe man it touchedvwere con-
 had said that he wouldube shorn of‘ his
dnﬂhewssshornofit. -f ~' r.
.   iii their hands after that as if he
J weakest mortals. [He otferediino resistance
when they stood himhpeh his feet and washed
.i,isaes‘dr'u‘h:k  from his‘ nee.‘ , l _ ‘
‘ "  bin: what hejhed done with the
 ed  and gave the

  

 

_.Chick,and Starbuck, and, Patsy at the door, and _

enough to return them to the Sacred Valley,iand there, 1’ it
“a’fte'r"they- have been triedyand condemed, they will find
A their reward in the ‘House of .Vibrati'on.” '

  

, Maslefio Nick Carter’: Quadruple Mystery.”

 

“NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

’It will make an article for the newspapers to print to-

morrow; that two new ﬂying—machines ‘have come to

- your city.”

And so, presently, they soared away from the roof of
Nick Carter’s house; but before they went to the place
where Nick Carter was detained, they sailed around
another spot beneath them where Legayah made signals
which were seen and understood by somebody, for. when
they arrived at the house in the middle ofthe woods
where the detective had been taken, there were three
other machines near them which also alighted upon the
roof.
accompanied him on his errand to their queen.

Zanabayah seemed now to be entirely subjugated, and
when Legayah ordered him to conduct them to the room
where Nick Carter was detained, he did so without otter-
ing an objection. i ‘

And as they entered the room, the five sons of Zaha-

They contained followers of Legayah who had

ibayah rose up in their places at a table where they had

been seated.

They would have started forward to rescue their father,
but be waived his hand to them and ordered them in no
unc/rtain tones, to remain where they were; and then,
wh e Nick remained in his corner, able to move only
his \eyes, he saw Legayah pass from one to another of the
sons, ‘and ﬁnally to Zanabayah himself, andprick them
all with a needle he carried in his hand; and one by one
as he pricked them, they sank to the floor unconscious. ’

“So they will remain,” he said calmly, “until I have

"delivered them over to the House of Nobles, in the Sa-

cred Valley, for trial. There never will be a time to fear
them igain.” i

Then he crossed to N ick’s side. He bade the detective
swallow a potion that be mixed for him, and be injected ‘ V
a drop of fluid into. his arm; and in two minutes more

A Nick leaped to his feet, fully recovered. ii

“The most exquisite suffering in the world,” he said-
toLegayah, as he shook hands with him, “is to be entirely
paralyzed and yet retain your intelligence. Now, Le-
g_ayah,¢ what shall we do with these prisoners of ours?” ,

“Leave them to me,” was the reply. “I have means ‘

 

 
 
       
     
     
   
 
   

rnr: sun.

‘ (Z559) will  .“"rhe  of the;

  

 

    
 

  

 

HAN DSOM EST OOLORED COVERS

iIlvS8'UED EVERY SATURDAY.

_No other detective library contains stories that are half so inter-

-I

   
   
 
 
 
  

_.en_ce with all kinds of criminals.

  

HERE ARE THE

;a~—-‘The Last of the Outlaws; or, How Niel? Carter
" Sto ped the “Cannon-ball.”

$1!-e-Nick arter’s Twin Mystery; or, The Secret of the

aje  Green Automobile. * -

13---A Battle of Wits; or, Nick Carter’s Fight for Life.

I3-—A Game of Five Millions; or, Nick Carter's Fight

Slit-Codtnan the Poisoner; 0:‘, Nick Carter's Strangest

R ' Experience. ’

The Plot of the Poisoner; or. Nick Carter’s Hair-
..breadth Escape.

.ThcHMe§ha_nica'l. Giant; or; Ten-Ichi Plays 3. Lone
. an . V i ’ T

7--Doris, ‘the Unknown; jor,=‘-Nick Carter's Blindfold

> Mystery. , . ‘T L

‘;Dangerous Wornanlior, Nick Carter Faces a

*Crisis.     R t

E  Morley’: Ghost; or. Nick‘ Carter’: Des-
_ iperatc Fight. - - - l “ ._ ' E
1,'m,.‘Automobiiee Mystery; or; ‘Nick Caftefs Blood-
 on the Scent.  ‘.  . R «
'1'!.tt_z‘MysCt"erious Stranger; 01', Niel: Carter’s-Com--

,. ‘~ use. . l v *

The2Wh'i1e!Arm of a Woman: or; Nick Carter’s
:-B“es'p¢mt,eChase.’W‘ 1,».  ' A
Man _injthe Doorway: or, N2ck.Catter’s Con-
oest‘d§aCast,le. _ " v_ t '
Plot of the Ba M ii; or, Nick Carter's Telling

 
 

    

  

  

  

      
  
 

  
  

I

    

.9’ *4

T  Night  3 01". ;Nick ' Car-

   
     

 W.
.17

 

 
  

PRICE FIVE GENTS PER COPY

2 Fl!’ sale by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

 —:?".“.".'«’ ’“""' ““‘°.3"?‘.“““‘9.‘}i°F‘7?  A A i

 

 Nick Carter has been all over the world and has had experi-

 That’s why, boys, his adventures holds one's interest frorri cover
 cover. There is no brutality in Nick’s make-up-jhe does not need it
-—:he uses his wits. Do not fail to get the latest number from your

 

._Z7 -

LATEST TITLE-T8:

526-—A Double Mystery; or, Nick Carter's Strong-hand 
Pla . - —.
527-—-Clarice): the Countess; or. .\'icl< Carter's Motor-'
boat Chase.
528-—Clarice, the Womzin Detective; or, ‘Nick Carter’ L
' Titled Assistant.
529——The Index of Seven Stars; or. Nick Carter Find;
the Hidden City.
530-—-An Amazonian Queen; 01', Nick Carter Bowman’ ‘
. Gladiator. W V
53! —A Blackmailer's Paradise: or, Nick Carter Di:-—
covers the Hidden Hand.
532-——Gipsy Madge. the Blackmailer;
First-class Bluff. -
533——Facing'r an Unseen Terror; or. Nick Carter's 
_ of Blunders. 
534-Idayah, the Woman of Mystery; or, Nick Ca .4
‘ Fourfold Problem. ‘
535---The Making of a King: or. Nick Carter Faces ’
t R Greatest Mystery. ‘ . ,
536-—The Empire of a Goddess; or. Nick Carter's W
T‘ derful Adventure. ~ . _;.
537-—Zanaba{;h. the Terrible: or. Nick Carter's »
gle ith the Vitic King. ‘A’
538.-—-The Seven-headed‘ Monster; or, Nick Carter’
night Caller.
539--The Wmnan of the Mask; or. Nick Carters
' ruple Mystery. . ’ >
540-—-The Masked Woman’: Daring Plat; or. Niel:
ter Springs a Surprise. _ « V

 
  
    
      
       
   
     
   
  

  
   

or, Nick Carter,’

   
    
   
   

       
  
 
  
      
  

   
     

  
  
  
  
      
   

  

  

    

Enprop warm

  
   
 
   
 
 

.I3SUED EVERY FRIDAY

‘inginthisweekly.

HANDSOME COLORED COVERS

Never has Burt L. Standish written such interesting tales of the
adventures of the Merriwell brothers, Frank and Dick,’ as are now appear-
Mr. Standish has a world-wide circle of friends and
 he is putting forth’ his best efforts to amuse and entertain them. Boys,
 you have no idea of what a grand feast he is preparing for you.
: op's stories are going to astonish you. Do not fail to buy this library.

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

‘For sale by all newsdealers, or sent, poetpaid, by the publishers upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

Tip

  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
    
   
 
   
  
   
   
 

 Merriwell's Check; or, The Hot Bunch From
 Happy Camp.
“$19-—DicI,i‘ ll\r(§erri\ve1l’s Sacriﬁce; or,_ Team Work That
,  0 _
$91-.-7.-Dick Merriwell's Heart; or, Breaking the Hard
’ Luck Streak. *
Frank Merriwell's New Auto; or, The Lure to
Destruction. .
;Frank Merriweil’s Pride; or, The Double-Header
I P It Pineville.
Frank Merriwell‘s Young Winners; -or, The Stars
in the Blue Hiils.
Dick Merriwell’s Lead; or, Bound to Hold "First
, Piace.
ck Merriwelfs Inﬂuence; or, On the Right Road
At Last.
Dick MerriweIi's Top
,Fate, and ,Scheming.
Frank MerriwelI's Kids; or, The World Beaters In
New York. '
"Frank MerriwelI’8 Kodakers: 0:’. Hunting Big
Game Without Guns. _
iek Merriwell, Freshman; or. First Days at Yale.
‘ Merriwell's Pfégress; or, The First Chance
on the Fieid.
’ Men-iwell. Half-back; or, Getting into the
 at Last. V
. Merriwelfs Resentment; or, In Defense of

"‘,‘Merriu(r)er%'I Repaid; or. The Heart of Otﬁcet
Mgiqney.

Notch; 01', Against Odds,

   
 

  

 

THERE ARE THE LATEsT TITLES:

555-——Dick Merriwell's Staying Power; or, The Great
Game at New Haven.

556-——Dick Merriwe1l's “Push";
‘fFlying Mare."

557-Dick Merriwell's Running; or, The Meet at Me-
chanics’ Hall. '

558-—-Dick Merriwell's Joke; or, Fun with the Jumping
Frenchman.

559—Dick Merriwell's Seven; or, The Scrub That Made
the Regulars “Go Some."

560-—'—Dick Merriwell’s Partner; or, The Boy from
Texas.

561——Dick Merriwell in the Tank; or, Rushing the Regu-
lars at Water Polo.

562-——Frank Merriwe1l’s Captive; or, The Folly of Ches-

or, The Victim of the

ter Arlington.

563-Fralnk 1Merriwell’s Trailing; or, The Flight of a

oo . ‘

564-—Frank Merriwe1l’s Talisman; or, The Charm of
Cocheta.

565--Frank Merriwell's Horse; or, The Boy Who
Would Be Bad.

566-—Franl< Merriwell's Intrusion; or, Warner, the Man
Who Vi/on.

567——Frank Merriwe1l’s Bluff : or, The Lost Senorita of
Sonora.

568w-—DicIk< Merriwel1’s Regret; or, The Friend He Never

new.

569-—Dick Merriwell's Silent Work; or, A Helping
Hand for a Foe.

 _IaY'IW=knumIIeeI of our libraries andicanuot procure them from your newedealeu. they
‘ A  direct. Poetageltampe  the same as money. I

   $eventh Avenue, NEW roux 

 Burma   am sm..e 

ﬁflssuEo EVERY TUESDAY. _ BEAUTIFUL COLORED covans

   
  
  
  
 
  

Buffalo Bill wins his Way into the heart of every
jone who reads these strong stories of stirring adventure
 the wide prairies of the West. p

 ; ,Boys, if you want tales of the West that are
"ii.cilrawn true to life, do not pass these by.

PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

_ for sale by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers loamy address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

‘ $4 A: t
_x——

HERE ARE THE-LATEST TITLES:

>:p8a——Buft’alo Bill’: Camp-ﬁres; or, The Bad Man of 298—Buifalo Bill’s Black Eagles; or, The Snake—mast¢i1-,

    

    

       
   

      

      

  
   

N Snake River Crossing. from Timbuctoo.
$3-_-Biaﬁalo Bill Up a Stump; or, The Pawnee Faker of 299—Buﬁalo Bill's Desperate Dozen; or. The Raiders oi
the Bitter Root. Round-Robin Ranch. ~
«I34~—-Buffalo Bill's Secret F oe;or,-The Wizard of Windy 3oo~—-Buffalo Bill's Rival; or. The Scalp-hunter of th
 . Gulch. Niobrarah.
‘$5-4-Buﬁalo Bill’: Master-~strol<e; or,’ The Specter of 301--Buffalo Bill's Ice Chase; or, The Trail of the Black;
. - a. Death Valley. Riﬂe.
’%-;-eBuﬁ’alo Bill and the Masked Mystery; or, Teton 302-—Bul‘falo Bill and the Boy Bugler: or, The White
ohn, the Half-breed. Flower of Fetterman Prairie. '

 
   

   
   

 :ﬂzl~[-V-Bu alo Bill and the Brazos Terror; or, The Lone 3o3——-Buﬁalo Bill and the White Specter: or, The Myst -\ ‘

   
  

    

 ., _; Star Outlaws. terious Medicine-man of Spirit Lake.
T 188‘--Buffalo "Bill's Dance of Death: or, The Night 3o4—Buﬁalo Bill's Death.Deﬂance; or, The Bad Men of
D ‘ Hawks of Snake‘ River. Timber Bar. " i

    
  
  

.' Q;--Buffalo Bill and. the cgeeping "Terror; or, The 3o5—Buffalo Bill and the Barge Bandits; or, The Demo‘.

_‘ , Black Spider, of the Shoshones. . of Wolf River Canon. ‘ _

13>-V-’-Bttﬁalo. Bill and the Brand of Cain: or,»'I‘he Wan- 3o6—Buﬁ‘alo Bill, the Desert Hotspur; or, Pxzen Jane,
 I 'dering_ ew“ ofrthe Plains. - T . Cinnabar. _ “ 

;,Bul?alo and '-the. Mad Millionaire; or, The 307-Bvﬁﬁla Bill's Wild Range Rxders;or,'1‘ho-.Veqg¢..
' Redskin Rovers. _ " K‘ ‘ ” ‘ t \ ance of Crazyesnake. . .

Buﬂaio e’Bill’s "Medicine-lodge; or, The -White 308--Buffalo Bill’s Whirlwind Chase; or, The Mustaﬁg”  ’

 e een of the Kickapops. ' ‘ ; Catchers of Bitter Water. ‘ _
alo-Bill in Peril; or, '1The.Rcd Amazons of 309-—Buffalo Bill’: Red Retribution; or, The Raid of -.

 _ p ‘ '. . ~ i f V - . V , Dancing Dervishes.

 Bill’: Strange Pard; or. Wolfer, Joe on 310-Buﬁalo Bill Haunted; or, The White Witch of
4,ﬂie.War- ath; . ' I ~ ’ ,' - Niobrara. ‘
gdogﬁill the Death Desert‘; or, The Worship 311--Buffalo Bill's Fight for Life; or, Caught in
'of,the Phantorrr Flower. " . I ' A Cave of Lions.  i

do Bﬁl‘m.':ﬂo Man’: Land; or, The Sky-min 312-—Bul°falo Bill's Death Jump; or, The Ogallalas -If : ;

fPl'?*dfi‘ethe'¥Panhanéle.~  in  ' ' Stand. ' ., ,. . "  "
_ _ .BIil'S‘fEnrder Ru£Bana_;fvor,. The Desperate 3:3--Buﬁalo Bill and the Pit of Homer; or. The‘
 Panther’ Pete. .  " - ' '_ Queen of Paradise Valley. . .._ .

avantgany back numbers of ‘our .1ibt'arles.end cannot procure them (man your - p

  this oﬁce d1re‘ct.* Postage stamps taken the same as 1110133,»,

 ~'9Fl‘

   
    

  
  
       
    
   
 
 
 

     
  
   
    
     

   
    

   
    

     

    
    
 

       

  

    

manual may

"KT

A -IOSUED EVERY .'l'HURSDAY.

 

BEAUTIFUL COLORED COVERS

  
 
  
  
  
 

~.~._

oi. miners.

a Diamond Dick and his son, Bertie, are true men of the Western
-plains. They are noble-hearted fellows who don’t impose on the weaker
a man and who don't let anyone else do it if they can help it.

'  You ought to read how they clean up a mining camp of the dis-
.’ honest gamblers and other toughs who usually prey on the uneducated

 PRlGE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

For sale by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

 

 
 
   
   
   
   
 
    
 
    
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
    
   
  

HERE ARE THE

[17-—‘-Diamond Diek’s Ghostly Round-up; or, The Phan-
~ 4' tom Steer of K-Bar-6.
: X8-—Diamond Dick's Big Drive; or, Holding Them
Down in a Blizzard.
I9--Diamond Dick’s Trail of Vengeance; or, Tracked
to the Rio Grande.
‘$3---Diamond Dick Holds the ‘Fort; or, Hot Work
' Along the Big River.
5w—Dian'1ond Dick’s Steel Glove; or, The Smilin'g Man
; From Santa Fe.
ﬁrwﬁiamond Dick's No-name Mystery; or, The Smi-
ling Man's Bad Mistake.
-‘$33..--Diamond Dick's Midnight Stampede; or, The
V  Horae—thieves of the Cimarron.
Diamond Dick’: Forlorn Hope; or, The Siege of
Y Adobe Castle.
5--,-Diamond Dick's Night Watch; or, The Pretty Girl
 . of.Fallin Rock.
iamond Dick’: Three To One; or, Backed By
Uncle Sam.
j Diamond Dick’: Golden Quest; or, The Secret of
‘Snake River. .
 Dick’: Long Leap; or, Single-handed
Against a Giant.
‘ Diamond Dick’: Heiress Hunt; or, A Dash
Through the Big Divide. r ‘
Xbiamond Dick at the Throttle; or. The Ghostly
'_ 1 ,1-ieadlight of Hoodoo Pass. "
’’ Diamond Dick's Hobo I rail; or, The Man with
‘ the Lon Blue Scar.
itlnond Dick’: Black Sign; or, A Strange Battle
J with a DeadvMan. ’ .
Diamond Dick's Queer Rebuke; or. Giving a Les-
‘ eon to a “Bad Man." .

 

 

l

LATEST TITLES:

534-Diamond Dick’s Night Ride; or, The Worth of a
Y Thoroughbred Pard.

535—Diamond Dick on an Indian Trail; or, The Venge-
ance of a Navaho.

536-—Diamond Dick in Arizona; or, The Foolhardy
Sport of Grand Canon. -

537-—Diamond Dick Over the Rio Grande; or, A Hunt

A for a Girl Through Mexico.

538—Diamond Dick’s Shower of Gold; or, The Princess
of the Montezurnas. '

539——Diamond Dick Below the Line; or, An American
Against Big Odds.

540-—Diamond Dick on Shipboard; or, Blocking a Slick
Game.

541--Diamond Dick's Wide Loop; or, Roping Five at
One Throw. .

542——Diamond Dick’s Royal Foe; or, The Strange Pas-
sage of the Santa C ru.-7.

543—Diamond Dick's College Scrap; or, A Battle For .

His Alma Mater.

544-Diamond Dick in the Deep Snows; or, A Close
Call on the Yukon. A

545——Diamond Dick’s Merciless Trail; or, The Two Ras-
cals of White Horse.

546-Diamond Dick's Steel Heart; or; The Fire Train
of the Sierras.

547——Diamond Dick's Inferno; or, The Madman of the
Great Black Tunnel. ’

548———Diamond Dick's Bad Smash; or, The New Opera- 

tor at Yuba Pass.
549-—-Diamond Dic|e’s Deadly Snowball; or, Tooth and
Nail on Black Butte.

55o—Diamond Dick, Editor; or, A Rattling Surprise for 

Lame Dog. “'

V  mat any back numbers 0. our libraries and cannot procure them from your new 
  can be obtain’ ed from this oﬁiee direct. Postage stamps taken the same as money. 

 

    
 

THE FAVORITE LIST

OF FIVE-CENT LIBRARIES

 
 

 

Nick Carter Weekly

We know, boys, that there is no need of introducing to
you Nicholas Carter, the greatest detective that ever
lived. Every number containing the adventures of Nick
Carter has a peculiar, but delightful power of fascination.

 

 

  

 

 

‘ RIDER WEEKLY

Ted Strong was appointed deputy mar-
shal by accident, but he resolves to use his
'  authority and rid his ranch of some very
2 ‘A tough bullies. He does it in such a slick

' way that everyone calls him “King of the
Wild West” and he certainly deserves his
title. $100 in cash are given to the readers
of this publication,

Buy a copy and learn how to come in for a
share of it.

 
   
 
 
  
   
  

  

I -'  .,,

‘MIGHT AND MAIN

These are stories of the adven-
tures of boys who succeeded in
climbing theladder of fame by
honest effort. No more inter-
esting tales can be imagined.
Each number is at least one-third
longer than the ordinary five-
cent library.

   
  
 
   
 
 

 

BRAVE AND BOLD

Every boy who’ prefers variety
in his reading matter, ought to
be a reader of Brave and Bold.
All these were written by authors
who are past masters in the art
of telling boys’ stories. Every
tale is complete in itself.

The demand for stirring stories
of Western adventure is admir-
ably ﬁlled by this library. Every
up-to-date boy ought to read just
how law and order are estab-
lished and maintained on our
Western plains by Diamond Dick,
Bertie, and Handsome Harry.

  

DIAMOND DICK WEEKLY



    
  

  

 
 

 Buffalo Bill is the hero of a
 thousand exciting adventures
 f among the Redskins. These are
A given to our boys only in the
Buﬂalo Bill Stories. They are
bound to interest and please you.

BOWERY BOY LI

The adventures. of a poor waif
whose only name is “Bowery
Billy.” Billy is the true product
of the streets of New York. No
boy can read the tales of his trials
without imbibing some of that

resource and courage that makes 

the character ofthis homeless boy
stand out so prominentl_v.

The Tip Top Weekly

Frank Merriwell and his brother Dick are known and loved by over one
hundred and fifty' thousand of the best boys in the United States.
both clean-cut, vigorous fellows who dare to do right no matter what the
consequences. Get the current number. We are surgyou will like it.

They are

   

 
    
       
     
          
 
       
   

    
  

