  

     
   

W”/I//’?
F ¢
/ll/ll/I/////._ ‘E

       

AFTER BIG MONEY.
nn,TuR  EIHETABLES an THEWALLSTREET BRDKEJRM

\     Ca”y=¢.$£z/-/I/mg/1/,7A/. © .'   , 

 

-1-   

 



 

 

 

8:! put up a. his struggle. but Spencer held him powerless. with one hand over his mouth.
Grantley then poured the root or the letters on the blue. At thst critical moment
Sun Carter‘: startled face appeared at the tnnsoln.

    

  FAME AND. FORTUNE WEEKLY

nneow kl -8 b H ti ri .50 . C d $4.50: F ' “$5.00. Westb Publi hi Co..
‘ Ieeablys n so p on p cc. :4 per year an: a, orexgn nry sbelng mg,

hers. 168 West 23d Street, New York. N.-Y. Entered as Second-Class Matter.
1911. at the Post-Uﬁice at New York.

4.
N.Y.. under the Act of March 3. 1879.

 o 1112

NEW YORK, JANUARY 21,

1927 Price 8 Cents.

Anna BIG MONEY

OR, TURNING THE TABLES ON THE WALL STREET BROKERS

By A SELF-MADE MAN

CHAPTER I.—A.fter Big Money

§:,_ : “Eeﬁo, Hal! Where are Y0“ 801118’-"’ asked
Sm Carter, messengerl for Roland Spencer, stock

~ broker f Exchange P ace.
‘ ""'Uy’iz‘i the gallery,” replied Hal Hunter, cheer-

“OT the Exchange?” asked Sam, in some sur-

“That's where this door leads.”

“You must have lots of time to spare."

“I have Loads of it.”

“Isn’t there much doin at your office?”

“You mean Mr. Mark§’s o_ﬂice?”_ .
. “O1 course," replied Sam, impatiently. “You're
employed there.” _

“lnwas employed there up to ﬁfteen minutes

38°-
’ “What's that? You don't mean to say that
v°2;:= &°‘:..“:'¥“" ., . 
c , I . e  ‘DI
°’ n we m"w1mt for?” cried the

;~ “Fired you! Creation!
” astonished Sam. _ _ _ ,
“Because he didn't want my dlstmsmshed
services an on r.
o “What inythunﬁzr did you do that caused Marks
' to drop you in a minute‘! It must have been some-
, thing serious. Brokers don't usually let an em-
) go so quick. He generally gets a week’:
1 _ chance to look for another, Job.” , '
I s   , the operator, Mr. Marks s star
‘ ' ggomq, mg‘? a. personal complaint against me,
‘, that coo m ose."
‘I . - “What did he  about? Whatldid you do
to him?”
‘ “I carried an important note to him this mom-
:' %. and Jimm Naggs, the office boy, told me _to
“ t into this private room. I did so, but Fm-
‘ ' ’wasn’t there. ,1 sat down beside his desk
to wait for him to show up. I knew he con1dn’t
‘  away because his desk was open» W5 D3-

W about on it. The window close by was
 p “

 
    

of wind coming in blew.some of

   
  

iv 0 21': um ﬂoﬁi‘; 41 mi‘: thmeinnku  iigegdsked me what it meant, the he knew
 ' em on e W D . .
,_ _ priwte door opening on the corn-- mgngggk ‘I %XD  tgﬂtay Ib::kd% 3
$2” sud Sam‘ “Tligitriiirdllgcd bad for_you.'' ’

- i th


v _§ 2,

‘What right have you to come in here unan-
nounced?" he said to me. I informed him that
Naggs told me to go in. He immediately called
Naggs in and asked him if he had sent me into
the room while he was out. Naggs denied that he

had done so. Of course I told Naggs that he was '

a liar, but that didn’t do me any good. Finkelstein
gave me a verbal dressing-down, then read my
note, and sent me away.”

“Do you mean to say that Finkelstein com- A

plained to Marks aboutthat, and that your boss
considered that sufficient cause for bouncing you
offhand ?”

“You've -nly heard part of the story."

“What’s the rest?" _ _

“Inside of twenty minutes Fmkelstein cams
tearing into our office like a wild man, and rushed
in to see Marks. I was called inside and accused of
stealing a $500 bill from Finkelstein’s desk.

“The deuce you were!”

“I inclignantly denied the charge, because Pm
not a the .”

“Of course you aren't."

“Finkelstein said he had left a $500 bill on his
desk when he left his room. When he came back
he said he saw me standin at the desk with some
of his papers in my han I explained how the
breeze had blown them oﬂ’ on the floor, and that I
had picked them up and was replac' them when
he came into the room. He said at was too
transplarent an excuse, and demanded that I re-
turn im_ the $600»bill. I denied having it and
Flnkelstem asked Marks to search me. suiimita
ted to the operation.”

“Well, he didn’t ﬁnd the hill, did he?"

“He couldn’t find what I didn't have."

“Of course. What then?" '
"Marks found something else, however, that
made him mad." .

“What was it 1"’

“A memorandum of a stock deal

I ha 0 on 'th
the little bank on Nassau Street.” Y . '1

  

“Yes. Marks wanted to know

and‘! ‘ . 5

  
 

whirl.

  

2 _ , ‘ i . .
‘$500 to put up  security on the transaction. I
prove it. Both'Marks and Fin

 

 ‘turns.
~‘nou hts to that. For instance, I bought 50 A. &

(“ion the strength of a

 oars

  

\ . . .

told him it was my own money and_that I_could
elstein considered
my explanation altogether too thin, so I called in

.the cashierto show that I had left $500 in his

care for several weeks and had drawn it out of his
hands just before I was sent out with the note to
Finkelstein's ollice. That rather staggered them,
for they were sure the money I had put up was the

missing $500 bill. However, Finkelstein insisted"

that I had taken his money and hid it for the
resent. He threatened to have me arrested un-
ess I confessed my guilt and came up with the
bill. I had no confession to make, and_told him
so. They tried hard to make me incriminate my-

self, and failing to do so Finkelstein went oil’ in a '

ra e.
gain Carter laughed, for he knew Finkelstein

and didn’t_ like him. _
Neither was there any love lost between him

and Fiiikelsteiifs messenger, Jimmy Naggs, whom

_ both he and Hal regarded as a mean little sneak.

“As soon as Finkelstein dusted,” went_on Hal,
“Marks hauled me over the coals for having any-
thing to do with the market, and wound up by
telling me to get out then and there. So I got
my week's wages from_ the surprised cashier, and
here I am—-a boy of leisure.” _

“You were up’ against it .hard.- What are you
going to dn?-_You may ﬁnd it hard to get another
position without a recommendat-on from Marks.”

“I don't want another position,” replied Hal, in-
dependently. .

“You don't?”

“No.”

“Why not?”

-“Because I'm after big money.” ’

“After big money? What do you mean ?’ asked
the‘ zled Sam.

‘:11 gains
“What! With 5500 capital?”
MY H

cs.
“You’ve got a pretty good nerve.”-
"It takes nerve to get_on in Wall Street.”"
“That's all right’; but it takes capital. too.
“I've made most of the 8500 out of’ lucky ven-
Isee no reason why I cant add two

C. a ut two hours ago at 152. I expectgto sell it at
80 or about that."

 '' “What makes you think it’s going up to_ 80'!”
, -« “9h. :1 little bird whispered the secret in my

" t's as much as ‘:0 gay that you're working
p.

; “You can take it as you choose.”
’ n‘ you expect to be fortunate enough to

V’. . , a living and also big money by operating On
 your own 'hook"" 

- “That's aboutthe size of it.” -

“I hope you'll be successful, but you are taking
contract on your hands, in my op1nion.’’-_ ”
_ - believe in’ aiming high while you're about it.

‘So’, does the sky-ro_cket."
.!ﬂ'hnt_’s an insinuation that you think I’ll come
duv.‘nwitharush,eh2” « , -
33330: at you are certainly alg£lci’I‘1‘da_0f
. Jnakiug a regular YIIIB
’tbe:1aarkst."- ' " i ‘ ‘ '

V V to devote my energies to capturing"
a big stake out of the market.”

   

  ii-ave Wm”

I.
.

 ' , AFTER Bic MONEY

oz: :::::.P;°:;x:.:":.*;:i.2e:*;.::‘:.'::t::°me °“-°°-
ge:1;!:l;8ﬁl_;l:§,tl3U;l;SSe??gP as I can aiford it I shall
vis'1i:tl¢>ers}’)()gya?ll3"3£r!no tllzeldxtlilﬁalngggiggdugaii: ..
own oﬁice. ‘ ‘

no
-

CHAPTER II.-—Hal Assists an Old Broker.

Hal lived with his father and mother in a
modest looking flat in Harlem not far from 125th
Street and Eighth Avenue.

He had two sisters, one of whom was a public
school teacher, and the other was a cashier in a
big retail grocery store in Harlem.

His father was a college raduate, who had not
made a brilliant success in t e business world but
he managed to make a’ few hundreds a year
wiiiting stories for magazines and other periodi-
ca s.

Altogether the family got along very comfort-
ably, though the high cost of living in New York
prevented them from saving much against a rainy .‘

day.

When Hal reached home he told his mother
that he had lost his job in Wall Street.

He explained how it had come about, and Mrs.
Hunter was inclined to be indignant with Broker
Marks for discharging her son in such a summary
way.

Hal's admission that he had been speculating in
the market and had thereby accumulated $500 was
the ﬁrstintimation the good lady had that her
bright boy had a Private capital of his own. —

In fact, none 0 the family had any idea that
Hal was worth anything at all. ’ '

He had kept his own counsel, intending to sur-
prise them some day if he was so fortunate as to
make a good stakepbut now the cat was out of the

bag.

“Are vou really worth $500, Hal?" asked his if‘;

mother.
“Yes, mother.” ‘

. 4

if

“You have it in a savings bank, I suppose, 44

downtown?”

“No.,I am using it to make more. I bought 50
shares of A. & C. stock this morning, and put the _,
$500 up as security with the bank that is carrying
the shares for my account.” . x , '

“I hope it is a safe investment,” said his to
mother, with an anxious look. “You know that

$500 is a great deal of money, at least to per-- 

sons in our humblecircumstances. Theecombined

savings of your sisters. and what I_have—1nanaged_‘

3: out by myself, amount to but little more than.
it

"It's as safe as any deal in the market can be
considered, for I have a ti that A. & C. will goto
80 inside of a week,” rep ied Hal, conﬁdently. -

_..'.

4'

“Well, I know nothing about Wall Street mate 

ters. neither does your father.” -

“Don’t worry, mother. If things
stand to win anywhere from $800 to $1,000
the deal,” said Hal, cheerfull

I “As much as_tbat?”, exclaimed his mother.’  I
_a tone of surprise. « V 

“Yes, as much_
place

,,,,_,,,, »e;,:~,«xV-W¢~tév tit‘-I
¥¥'l***¢*¥.,'!-ii?  0 ‘ 

so ﬁirht "II, I :3
Q .

   
 
  

    

Aim R BIG 'VM'0NEY‘_ "

...:

,. money quicker there than anywhere e1se,_too, but
"he didn't. ' _ _ g V
 . He was inclined to look on the bright side of
  thin not on the dark. _
 ‘ ‘lg’ you think you will have much" trouble get-

, ting another position as good as the one you have

«lost‘!” asked his mother. _

-' Hal didn't want to tell his mother that he
wasn't anxious to t another Job at_ present, so he
said that it mig t take some time, smce he
couldn't expect to look to his late employer for
reference.

When Mr. Hunter came home he wasn't pleased
to learn that Hal was out of work.

On learning the particulars of the case _he
blamed the boy for: _ eculating, notwithstanding
that he had been fair y successful at it, since it
was thro h that he had been discharged.

“So you worth $500, eh?” he said to Hal.

“Yes, sir.”

“You’d better turn it over to your mother for
Iafe keepinglf‘

using it."

“Using it? In what way?” v

_ “In a stock deal."
 “You've no right to risk so much money _as that
5‘ -‘in speculation," replied his father, angrily, for
~ $500 looked like'a lot of money to him. _
. ‘ “It’s my own money, so I think I have a right

' to do as I please with it. I made all but $50 of

out of the market, and I expect to make a
whole lot more."

x a < “Oh, you do?" responded his father sarcastic-

: . Y-
i; a “Yes, sir. I'm after big money.”
~ “Big money! _You talk like a_fool."
' “I’liope not, sir. Wall Street is the place to get

. ‘v “Kiii§)of ﬁnance may grow rich there, but mes-
, ys-never.” .
_ ’ ‘There are exceptions to every rule.”
 “I suppose you think you are one of the excep-
‘tionsl’ replied his father, with a satirical laugh.
~  might be._.Ther_e is no telling but the cat
,  make a big spring my way." _ _ ,
~ "you've got your $500 invested in a stock

. "Yes, sir. In 50 shares of A. & \C., which I
a lion t at 62.” .
,_ ‘ umph! How much to do you expect to make
 ill ease you are forhinate?”
‘ “I might make $1,000." - ~_
‘ “Of _an investment of $500 '!" ejaculated his
ilther, incredulously.
“ “Yes, sir I made the deal on the strength of a
silltelass tip I got hold of yesterday.”
“Well, if on make $1,000 I’ll have nothing
. to say a ut your Wall Street deals, but it is
dlllnion you'll never make it.”
ended the conversation, and soon after-
and they were called to su r.
niornin Hal was owntown around nine
as  ,

ineihm ' arti to 11' -
. until €i‘é‘‘.%:“;.‘i£’ng.‘2“,§.?§.a».f€£5.‘§vcu’§cf,”’i.°.?d
1; we ', f on theiucgrgcizr of grand

Place w mmy a
' tolwork. “ gm

 

 

 

  
  
   
     
  
    

   
   

  

  

  
  
  

gentleman oil’ with his overcoat and

3

‘h“’l‘liat fact" needn't worry you," replied Hal,
s arp .

h“It dgeiizgt worry me at all. I'm willin’ you

s on d o’ e worryin'.” _
“Did Mr. Finkelstein ﬁnd his 3500 bill?"
Nags El1€S§ tgglu know that he didn't," replied
s poin y.

_ “What do you meanby that?" demanded Hal,
1I'l“8ﬁle8.tigirl;?{SsSlVe way. _

_ you stole it. You were the only one
m“tIliIere.”

_ e s welcome to think as he chooses, but if you
hint that I took the money I'll make you look two
ways for _Sunday, said Hal, angrily."‘Why did
you tell him before me that" you didnt send me
“ewes °:“:::'2:“.>’:.‘:d*“’ I

_ f ape. thought he was at
his des when I told you to go in. When he
called me in and~asked me why I had sent you in
when  wasn’t there I knew that_if I owned up
lged give me a callm down, so I lied to save my

» acon."

H;‘lIt’s just like you to do such a thing,” replied

-"Aw, cut ‘t t. I! - v .
other job W1lt11‘:)‘lllt re§:n:::?¥'°“ gem to get an

“il‘h2r:1’stnone? of your business."

as a '.n‘l.,  . -q
friendly loolio “Y:1lbV¥:!ll’el3 be so cdckwltilh Enwgk
or so when you ﬁnd you can't catch 11. Nobody
wants a messenger who has been accused of
steualinﬁ"

....‘3°.*;:1,S:e;.:h.*;.:,“.€i:**,*,.2;. “M be **°““=~”

“Yah!" retorted Naggs, walking of, for he was
a coward, and Hal looked dangerous.

“I'll punch that fellow’s head some day if he
d<_>esn’t 1901: out." muttered Hal, looking after
Finkelstein’s messenger. 

At that moment a carriage drove up’ to an oﬂlee
nearby on Exchange Place. V .

An elderly, whi -haired man 0 ened the door
and was in the act of alighting, w en half an ap-
ple, tossed from a window above, struck the horse .
ﬁlrdh he-e Jumped forward, dragging the cab with '*

The ld 1:1 I t hi bal '
forward m§Ji."ri°i'i?‘;“i.fi?.a .t§.,. £33353 "‘“°""‘
awlgl happened to be standing only a few feet . 

H ' r d d ht th - ‘
his §f.¥§,‘“§ut°‘£¥.'§’sh?.‘éi ‘Shit ua§f§}.‘§’°n§':"}.‘:'1‘
backward, rceiving a crack on his head that made

see stars. \
broken the old gentleman’;

   
     
 
    
      
    
       
   
    
      

However, he 
fall, and undoubtedly saved him from serious in-

jury. _ . a
A sex-by assisted them both on their feet.

and t e old man seized Hal by the hand and shook

it ‘wlarmly. ten] to
' amvery you.y inan”h' <
 “Will you_ ‘elp me into my oilijcug‘. ' .

~ Ce y, sir" re l'ed Hui, tak' 1;‘
arm and leading him t’hi-ough a dwm ti: grhiﬁﬁ

ﬂoor of the bigbuil '  g ha in .- _
ewas ‘H1; 3‘
" ﬁiuniu;

In a few moments

 

 ignsg . V1

\

4‘ l 

“Are you employed in this neighborhood ?”
*“I was up to yesterday morning,”-and ‘then Hal
told the broker the circumstances which had cost
' him his position. or . _
“You ought not to have speculated,” he_ said .in
. a.deprecating tone; “you know it is against the
7 rule of the Street for employees to dabble in 
market. Still, I think your employer acted hastily
in turning such a bright boy as you are away on
that account. He should have contented himself
. with warning you not to do it again. As to the
charge of stealing the $500 from Mr. Finkelstein,
as there was really no evidence against you, ex-
 .  alone—_in his  which you accounted for,
, ’ vnashould have reserved the beneﬁt of the doubt.
<. rwell, ntwthatvyou have done mean good turn, I
= ~want.to does much for you. 1 will
* letter of recommendation which should be of ser-
vice to you in looking for another position.”

He rain; for his stenographer, dictated a short
-. letter, in which he stated that be regarded Harry
Hunter as a desirable acquisition to any oﬁice in

. —.  need of such services as he was able to render.
, ’While the stenographer was typewriting it the
V ’ old gentleman, whose name was Edwin Arnold,
. guestioiied Hal about himself and his ambitions
or the future. ' ~
g V The boy was careful to say nothing about his
 purpose to. play the market as a regular business,
. contenting himself with stating that he hoped
~ > some day to be a broker himself and become well

0 _ .
. ' When the ﬁnished letter was brought to him,
’— ., E1; broker read it over, signed it and handed it to

 

“There, I hope that will bridge your unsatisfac-
tory position. Now, if I ever can be of further
service to you, Hunter, don't hesitate to call on

— me, ’i’ind I shall be glad to help you in any way I
am.

“Thank you, sir,” replied Hal, rising.

“Drop in and see me once in a while and let me
hear how you are getting on. I shall always feel
an interest in you, for I am more indebted to you

 

than perhaps you imagine. I, might easily have,

broken a leg, or an arm, or a rib but for your
prompt interference in my behalf. Such accidents
are very serious to a man of my age, and for that
reason ;[ greatly appreciate what you have done
. ' or me. ’ v .
- ‘Mr. Arnold then bade him good-morning, and
. Hal left his oﬁice for the Exchange gallery, where
H h0.Pl1l'-.ln all the morning.

 

 

y 5 CHAPTER III.——-Hal Risks His Life in Behalf
 - " of a Girl.‘

 & C. advanced two points that day, and Hal
went home feeling pretty good. _

 .1-Ie told his father that he was $100 ahead at

apt}:/at int on his deal, and Mr. Hunter nodded ap-

L; ' more‘ was saidion the subject, and after
 Heal ‘w-ent_oiit to call on his friend Sam

i#ri=e.’tsgbov-i
.  93

went to‘ a. moving pinwre show
. and. were-glen-theiri way home
aorta, side streetlin

    

.moa.-innate .circuinstnoe that he found ‘

give you.-a "

'wood was strong.

    
 

ed with;

AFTER BIG MONEY

“Look! Look!” he exclaimed, pointing across the
streaz. “The ‘front room on the third ﬂoor of that
house is on fire!” _, _ _

“By George’,-it is!” cried "Sam, excitedly.

“Run to the_avenue, hunt up the nearest 
box and send in an alarm.

in the house.” .
. Hal darted across the street, while Sam ran of
toward Lenox Avenue.

Rushing up the stone steps Hal pushed in the
electric button and held it. *

I’ll arouse the people '

Presently the boy heard the area door openand ,

a woman’s voice asked who was there. .

Hal. down into the areaand saw a ser-
vant with her face

“The house is on ﬁre. Open the door and let me
in——.quick! We must wake the

They/oman’s face went white.

“You can’t mean that this house is on fire!” she
gasped in ﬂuttering tones.

“Yes, it is. The front room on the third ﬂoor is
ablaze.” » ‘ »

“Heavens! That’s Miss Mabel’s room, and shells
in bed and asleep. There is no "one in the

will follow you as quick as I can.”

She opened the iron door and Hal darted into
the lower hallway or entry.

The kitchen door stood open, and the dim gas-

jet which shonevthrough showed the boy where the _

staircase was.

The moment he reached the hall above be smell;
the smoke that was sifting down the main 

The gas was turned low in the ball, but faintias
was the illumination Hal saw a thin ﬁlm of smoke
in the air. .

With everystep
the second ﬂoor the smell of smoke grew-stronger.

Reaching the landing, which was dark, his ey
began to smart and he felt a strong inclination ,
cou h. The smoke was quite thick on the stairs
lea ing to the third ﬂoor, and the smell of burning
The hazy atmosphere was
faintly lighted up by a dull ‘gleam which Hal
guessed was a reflection of the ﬁre under a closed,

oor. .

When he reachedthe landing he was forced to
throw himself on,the floor to catch his breath.

Crawling to the door of the blazin

door, which fortunately was not locked. The
room was brightly lighted u by the fire, which
hadltalready seized upon arnost everything in
sig .
lady’s boudoir, and an alcove to one side, hung
with a rich oliv reen drapery already ablaue,

showed where the d was. Hal crawled over to.

the alcove. ‘It was filled with smoke, through
which he could see the outline of a brass bedstead.

Reachin up he felt that there was some one in ‘

the bed. his person must be_ the Miss Mabel.
alluded to by the servant. Hal
that lay outside the clothes and shook it roughly
to arouse the sleeper. V H ' ‘

His efforts were unavailing.
lay as still and inert as a‘ log.

“She is surely unconscious,”

I’-ll have to carry her downstatrs.somehow.'.’,; 
 1'fhis..was 9 serious pro _i,ti°l);‘ for  - ,
eboiyrwyihalf-choked himsegsaa£,lhsr\‘I.1Y,§lt ,
season  ~ -  v

house ‘
but her and myself. Go up and awaken her, and I ‘

room. he ‘
reached up, turned the knob and pus ed in tho —

It was furnished as a sitting-room and 

seized an arm ‘; 

The younz Ind)’; v

against the iron grilled door.’ my
people upstairs." .

xx 4

he took up the stairs toward. H

thoggﬁt K .,
“overcome in her sleep by the smoke ‘no  ’

   

AFTER BIG MONEY . 5

“I must have air, or I'll go under myself,” he senseless girl, in midair, and Hal in his perilous
mu . position at the window above, a ladder was called
-‘ There was a window in the alcove opening on or, hastily carried up and planted on the front
§;§;,  street. Hal staggered to it, let the shade up sto_op. Two ﬁremen darted up the rungs in a
Q with a run and then ushed up the lower sash the twinkling. The foremost quickly disengaged the
' ~ whole way. Then is strength seemed to fail girl from the end of the sheet and passed her

 him and he fell across the sill with his head hang- down_to his companion.

5‘ ing out. A cloud of smoke rushed out through “Slide down the sheet,” cried the ﬁreman on the

V A the window above and around him. The ﬁre al- ladder, to Hal. “I’ll catch you if the sheet gives
ready’ attracted attention in several houses across way under your weight.”
the street, and people in‘ dishabille were looking The heroic Wall Street boy obeyed without a
from the windows. A small crowd of people, moment’s hesitation, for his position at the win-
gruwing steadily innumbers, was gathered on the (low was ‘now hazardous in the extreme. As he
’ 1 . opposite walk, azing up at the buriun third came sliding down a cheer went up from the spec-

~stnry. The onlookers saw Hal throw up e wm- tators, whom the police were beginning to force

dow and ‘fall across the ledge. Instantly there ‘back toward the ends of the street.

was a buzz of excitement. There were no signs f‘Lord! But I'm glad to be out of that place,”
of the coming of the ﬁre engines, though Sam said Hal, as he grasped the ﬁreman by the shoul-
, A sent in the alarm from a Lenox Avenue box, ders.

while somebody else had done the same from a .“Yoi_i had a narrow escape, young man. Is that

_, Seventh Avenue one. your sister whom you lowered from the window 1'."

, The cool night air revived Hal almost immedi- “No; she’s a stranger to me. I and a friend

— ately. After ﬁlling his lungs with fresh air he saw the ﬁre first. I sent him to turn in the alarm
left the window and returned to the bed where while _I started to notify the people in this house _

t the girl lay silent and motionless _like one dead. of their danger. When I found there was a girl

‘ The green draperies were now blazing up and the asleepon the burning ﬂoor I ran upstairs to save

‘ ﬁle had made eat progress durin the few mm- her. . I was trapped by the ﬁre, but I saved her‘
Utes since the y entered theroo . He had no all right.” .

, time to lose if he hoped to save the unconscious “You're a brave chap,” said the ﬁreman, as they
_ girl. , _ descended the ladder together.

- Throwing aside all the bed-clothes _but the As Hal stepped onto the sidewalk he was but-
 he wra d that about her ‘and lifted her tonholed by a reporter, who asked him his name
 from the bed. Theen he saw that his retreat was and the name of ‘the girl he had largely assisted

I cut of! by a wall "of ﬂame fanned by the draught . in“saving. _

‘ , In the open window. The boudoir was now a My name is Hal Hunter, but I don't know who

 

    
 
  
   
  
    
 
    
 
 
 
   

 
  
   
   
    

  
  

 
   
 

 ' furnace, through which he_ saw_ it would the irl is.”
_ be folly to t and force his way with his helpless " ou deserve a humane medal,_Hunter,” said
burden. In eed, he ‘probably could not have got ' the newspaper man. “You certainly saved the
.. , , and downstairs alone. In his ea erness gir1’s life. I’ll ﬁnd out who she -is, for she was
, to save the fair occupant of the third ﬂoor e had C_&1‘1'l§d into N o. ——. By the way, where do you
 ed into a trap, and fairly caught. live? _ _
. ‘What shall I do now?” he asked himself, r_eal- Hal‘ gave his address and then, after watching
 with a chill of alarm his desperate position. the ﬁremen a while_till they had gotten the blaze ‘
am At that moment he heard the clang, clang of an under control, hurried toward borne, for he knew .
Ilpllroaching ﬁre engine. It was coming up Lenox there was little chance of running across Sam
Avenue. Another engine was swinging around again that night.
fthe corner of Seventh Avenue and coming to a 2,‘-
atop. »The‘ci-owd of spectators now amounted to , 2,;
-,sevei-sl hundred, and more were runnuigu _every CHAPTER I-V.——Hal’s Folks Are Treated to . _-.g4.:
tnlinute. Among them was Sam Carter, an it was An Unexpected Surprise. ’ V   
, t shock to him to see l1lS'f1'l€11d Hal leaning
3 the -window so close to_ the ﬂames, whic .
illuminated the room behind him,.while-the b1ind- l_'llS ﬂat, and the rest_ of e family, in blissful
sinokehalf hid his ﬁgure every other moment. ignorance of the peril he had faced, had been .'
was evident to the crowd that Hal was cut asleep for some time. The excitement of what

It was long after midnigit when Hal reached

 
   
   

    

    
 

0.23 :3 the ﬂames, for otherwise it was certain he he had been through kept him awake-‘for a good
nothave remained in his present precarious hour after he got into bed, but he fell asleep at
_ tion. The excitement, however, grew to last. - . _ M -
g ' heat when the people saw the boy llft_ the When he walked into_the din_ing_-room next
, _  form across the window ledge. morning his father was Just beginning to read

looking 113: and down the street, Hal left about the fire. Hal took his seat at the table a

11 2

    
  
  
   
   
 

      

   
   
 
   
   
 

  
 
 
   

'ﬁ'indow, I seizing one of the bed sheets, without saying a word. * .

V it tothe foot of the bed and tested its hold. “What_’s the matter with your eyes, Hal?”*.
3'4). and be tied a second shoe and the end of asked his eldest sister, the school teacher.»

, ' hetlod securely aroun _the girl’s body. “They're all inflamed. You must have caught’

. __ e lowered her out of the window as far as cold in them." H
-‘ A would go and let her banﬂgoii a level The boy was about to reply, when his father. »

second story window. At. _at thrilling. uttemd an exclamation of astoiiishnient that at- .

as dderetruck   attention ofthevfauuly. H  .  V
__  V , .i“_tcInI’$0.&-“ﬂy. . ‘What’: the matter, John!" askodliisviie, at

on.  sad . .. in-_.e

“ii a , °~ .

     
   
   
  
   
   

  
   
  
  

  

  

   
 

    
 
   

     

 
 

   
 

  

Then turning to his son he said, almost sha ly:
"Were you at a ﬁre on -—— street last nig 1;.”
“Yes, sir.” .

“And on saved a young lady, the daughter of
Geor e air, from being burnt to death in. her
chain r‘ on the third floor .of the house, by low-
ering her with sheets out the window?”

“I admit that I did,” replied Hal, while his
mother and sisters looked at him in utter amaze-
men .

“B George, Hal, you deserve a gold medal,”
said is father. “Whatever induced you to take
such a desperate chance for the sake of a
stranger?” ' '

"The servant told me Miss Mabel was the only
occitigant of the burning ﬂoor and the only one
in e house besides herself. Knowing she was
in peril of her life, I went to her assistance. I
considered it my duty to do so, just as I hope
some one would go to the aid of my sisters were
the placed in a similar situation.”

on might have lost your life. The paper
says your mcape was cut oil’ from the rest of the
house, and that the ﬁremen arrived in the nick
of time to help you out of your perilous position
at the window of the burning ﬂoor.”

‘ .-“The papertells the truth, sir.”

“It ap ears that you and your friend Carter
saw the e first." .

“That’s right. I sent Sam to turn in the alarm,
while I turned in attention to alarming the peo-
ple in the house. supposed there were more peo-
sons in the building than the servant and Miss
Mabel.”

Hrs. Hunter and Hal's sisters were now quite
excited, and the father of the family was asked

I to read the newspaper account of the fire. He did
— so in an impressive way. I
“Oh, Hal, what a reckless boy you are!” cried
his mother.
4 His sisters chipped in with words of praise for
,_ ‘his heroic conduct, though they’ could not help
. shndderin when they pictured the danger he had
' bash in. hey all wanted to hear his story from
 his own list Hal gratiﬁed the curiosity-of his
, I family, an soon afterward he left the house to go
5 downtown. On his way to Wall Street he won-
dered if he ever would see the fair girl again who
owed her life to his courage. He had only got a
hurried glimpse at her face in the excitement of
those perilous moments when it seemed as if both
of them must perish in the blaze, but as he re-
called her lineanients he knew that she was un-
{uaially pretty. ,
A ‘‘.I’d like to know her," he muttered. “I can't
help feeling a strong interest in the person I went
to such 1 s to save. I dare say her father
 hunt me up to exgress his gratitude, and in
ftlua way I may i ly get an introduction to
- y .. suppose was in _the crowd and saw
‘me at the window of the blazing room. I wonder
how the sight in: ressed him? About the same,

 

 
   
      
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
   
    
   
 
  
  
  
   
       
    

  
  

I suppose. as I ould have felt had I seen him ,
foxposed to a similar peril. He won‘t rest ea
“house me to-dey,,'£or he'll want to know the
facts of the case.
‘ yproniptly at
namdd Grantley
& C. standlrd. doing
with the ‘

  

point’! agree with , ,- . .
"I V9050‘ ‘re I didn't :
 

 

AFFER BIG MONEY

him, and th boy 'udged he was actin in the in-
terest of .-th: syndlicate he knew was gack of the

stock. .

At the end of a couple of hours another broker
named Spencer took Spencer’s place and acted
on the same lines. The price of the stock went up
several fractions during this time.

At one o'clock Hal went to lunch. When he got
back to the gallery he saw that A. & C. had ad-
vanced two more points since the opening,
was now quoted on the big blackboard at 66 1-8.

“That puts me another hundred dollars to the
good,” said Hal, in a tone of satisfaction. “I
ought to make two years’ wages as messenger out
of this deal. It should prove the_ﬁrst real step-
ping stone to the big money I’m after. Every-
thing hinges on getting a good start. A fellow
can’t make much of a haul on a ﬁfty-share in-
vestment—probably $1,000 at the most. I want
to accumulate $10,000 so that when another good
thing comes my way I can get in with 1,000
shares. Then every point your stock goes up
means $1,000 proﬁt.”

A. & C. closed around 67, and then Hal went up ’
to the oﬂice where -Sam worked. Sam had just~

come in front of the bank, where he had carried
the day’s deposits. He bounced outof his chair

when he saw Hal and went up to him.
"Gee!
autéiathﬁiie,” hehsaid. f H hﬂe’
‘ uc tings ap' ntoa e owonceinaw '
I suppose,” laughedpfial.
“Did you go up to the burning ﬂoor to save
that girl?”

You made a hero of yourself last night , .‘

7".‘ .‘

“You wouldn't have caught me going up there - I

for the fun of the thing.”
~ “You’re about as plucky as they come, old man.
When I ﬁat back after sendin in the alarm I saw
you up t ere at the window. t seemed to me that
you were in a pretty bad box, and I almost had a
ﬁt. _ I couldn't imagine what had taken you there
until I saw you raise the girl on to the window
ledge. Then I guessed you must have heard her
scream, and (you started in to save her. It is just
what I woul expect you to do. I tell you what,
on bad a,narrow squeeze all right. The ﬁremen
idn’t get there a minute too soon to save you."
“I wouldn't care to go through the same ex-
perience in a hurry again.”
“I wouldn't go through it for a million. But
talking of mil ions, you ought to get soinethin
handsome from the ather of the girl you so

in recognition of your services. I understand he’s .

a wealthy civil engineer.”

“I wouldn't take anything

“Why not? You risked
daughter, didn't you?”

"I did; but I didn't do it because I thought I‘
would gain anything by it.”

“That s all right; but if her father oﬂered you
a fat ‘check as an evidence of his appreciation
you’d take’ it, wouldn't you'!”

“No, I wouldn’t. I don’t believe in acee

from him.”

money for such a service. His thanks, and ‘ii?-Vi; . "

ofthe ounglad he selfa . ym t nough. I
don't ieve heyd ni.ake'surcehp:.n get?
He, no doubt; considers his daughters
above any monetarlyﬁgpsideration, and on

v’ '-. .» *2

 

your life to save  3 -‘



\

       
      
  
 

     
  
 
  
  

could reward you. He could put you in the way
of a fat job, for instance."

“Don't want a job at present." _
 -“That's so. You’re after big money in the
‘ kstock market," chuckled S_am. “By the way,
how is your present deal getting_on?”_

 “All right. The stock is ﬁve points higher than
when I bought it.” _
is ‘.‘Good enough. How many shares did you say
’ you control?”
. >‘:Fmy." . .

A ,, ‘.‘Then you have a proﬁt of $250 in sight. That

Hiln’t so bad.” . _ -

- v ‘-‘No. It’s better than wearing shoe leather out
around the district in the service of a
Marks."
 . ~‘fI’ll bet it is. I wouldn't work for such a
.. ' r." .

.-How soon are you going home?"
 waiting for the boss to leave.” _

At that moment Sam's employer rang for him,
.l)1d’he_went into the private room to see what the

 

 

   

_ ‘ Ilrqher wanted. He came out presently withan
;‘?“envelope in hishand. . V. _ _
_‘ "~Come,on. I'm goi down to the Mills Build-

‘ You might as we go withme.”
”~ , e two boys went elf together. They got out
‘of  elevator on the same ﬂoor where Finkel-

liein s oﬁlcc was. _ n _
. (‘:1-H he” 1311 you get back, _said Hal.
‘ ‘  right,” replied Sam, hurrying. down the
edrri r.
<  The next cage bfou ht up Finkelstein. He saw
ﬁll standing near e elevator and scowled at.
"I beg your rdon, Mr. Finkelstein,” said Hal
'_ up tohim, u_nawed by his black look, “did
you! a \ that $500 bill?” A
~"‘No, I didn't,” snapped the broker.
- “Do you still believe I took it?” _ i
'1 do.l.You’re the onlyone who was in my
- ‘ ' while was out." .
. are you»'."’ « .
.“I don’t want to talk to you. Don’t address
any more,” and the trader_wal_ked awagé .
_ y must have been in his aﬂlce fore
went in and while he was out, mused Hal.-
"Thst somebody, whoever he is, probably took the .
y. H " Nobody could have gone in there without
Nazgs knowing it, and ‘Jimmy had no
to tell Finkelstein that he didn t send me in

.. he did. Ap arentl .Jiminy_liad no right to
me in if he ew inkelsteui was out. He

 
  
   
  
   
    
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
   
 

    
   

' "t t h d'dn’t -know h‘
*  yﬁﬁfezﬁitywagahis e laise to go in ﬁr’-it and

     
  

'Iu§u” Finkelsté ‘n ere and an him I was .
~ ‘ ‘ ‘ . . w;iting"?o‘;::  Instead of doing that
W 133 to go right in. I don '2 remember that
. did that before, and I have called there
=  Ma J immy took that bill him-
‘ . A ‘ thou‘ ‘ o a ore.
e oi .,...v‘‘‘‘‘ “'32 "E of’? %‘1:"""’ ’i‘i'}I.’.'.i‘y“" ‘.’.'»‘e".'.°.;
'- ‘ by any means. I believe he's ca ble of
' Ty-thing he could lay his hands on short

p Sun ulfinod him an told h about his
 _\ few  F  all his 8118-
‘ F . 1 . .
3:33 briimiyt  it if any-

- .   ii hcadin a.con-;

{ '\'lot:h £Iid.eut'3he tﬁi‘-'5 511]

  
  
  

  
   

AFTER 'BIG MONEY

‘on A.

7

If he got the money he'll
show evidences of sudden rosperity as soon as he
thinks it's safe to et the ill changed.”

“That isn't a ba idea. I'll keep my eye on him
off and on and see if anything comes of it. If I
can get evidence of his guilt in the matter I'll get
word about it to Finkelstein somewhow, and then
maybe he'll be able to frighten Na gs into a con-
fession that will exonerate me. don't care a
pinch of snuff for Finkelstein, but it isn't pleas-
ant for me to know that he feels conﬁdent in his
own mind that I stole his $500 bill.”

“That’s right,” nodded Sam, as they walked out
of theabuilding.

“Let's watch Naggs.

I CHAPTER V.—Hal Gets a Letter from
a Grateful Young Lady.

A few days later when Hal entered the Ex-
change about half-past eleven he saw a scene of
excitement around the A. & C. pole. It didn't take
him long to discover that the stock in which he
was interested was boomin like a house aﬁre.
A crowd of brokers were (fa cred around Grant-
ley. That trader was bi ding advancing ﬁgures

.for A. & C., and as few brokers had any actual

stock to sell him, he was having things pretty
much his own way.

The rise had commenced at 70, and at the time
Hal reached the gallery it was up to 78.

“Things are coming my way, all right,"
breathed the boy, hugging himselt for joy. “At.
this moment I'm $800 ahead of the fame. I ought
easily make the other $200 on this urry."

Hal watched the ﬂoor of the board room until
the price had reached 86 at one o'clock, with the
excitement still at fever heat.

"I guess I'd better sell out now before the tide
turns," he told himself. “A bird in the hand is
worth two in the bush. From every indication it
will go to 90, ‘but it's risky to bank on such a
thing. I'll sell,now’.” ‘

According he walked u to the little bank on
Nassau street and ordere his 50 shares sold at
once. The order was carried out before he
reached the quick lunch house he was accustomed
to patronize. An hour later the market broke
C. and the price of that stock began to.  .
tumble right away amid further excitement. Hal _
was in the gallery at the time,_but, satisﬁed that
he was safe, the slump did not worry him in the
least. When he got home that iii t be greeted
his father in a complacent way. is father was
feelin pretty good, _too, for he had Just received
a chec for a ma azine article which he had sent
in over a year fore, and he was meditating
how he would spend the money. ' . ~
“That’s the we to make inone , youn man," ,_ «V
said Mr. Hunter, olding the chec up are his '
son's eyes. “That's earned in a legitimate way.

No‘ s ;cul?’t‘i’0}th8b01‘lit my business; ,
y, e ear you specula often as to i ‘.1-s;

whether certain story would be accepted by the

publisher or not.” 

“Oh, there is an element of chance in every -r
kind of business,” replied his father, caressing -his.

whiskers . . .
“There seems to be considerable in
often have articles turned be
notice it mak
“!l‘hs_t'

 
   
   

 
   

~.

   
  

    
  

 

   
   

  
      
   

    

k on yyow 
hornet.” ‘

   
 
 
 
  

      

 
 

  

  

olcway. “An author must have a big reputation,
whether he deserves it or not, in order to com-
mand. a ready market for his literary wares. Now.
Icanwriteasgoodstuﬁasanyofthebigbugs,
but as I haven't made myself famous, wh , I am
I’ I ‘obliged to take potluck. A small ubli er the
.«- other day had the nerve to offer me 30 for thirty
» book notices of 300 words each. Would he make
that offer to-——” here'Mr. Hunter mentioned
"several well-known writers. "‘I should say not.
I felt that I was insulted, but as the offer was
spot cash, and I needed the money, I smothered
my indignation and accepted.”
“It didn't cost you anything but your time to
earn the thirty, did it?”
“No; but I ought to have got more. I ought to
a remuneration large enough to enable

me to ride in my automobile like a gentleman, in- .

stead” of being compelled to patronize the street

“Hover mind. Illayibe you'll be able to ride in
y°3{’1I‘1u:¥!'§§(tI’”Il(s)?1dn.lyaSl;)Il Authors as a rule
don; I'ldce8i‘n:iléel1:*OWIl cartii.’iage”s.” ’ '

on e in mine, en.

“Yours,” laughed K his father, sardonically.
“When do you expect to own an auto?”

. “In the course of time. I might as well tell you
know that I closeélt that deal of mine out to-day at
_ a handsome pro .” *
; i I . “Did you? How much did you make?" asked his
 father in a tone of interest.
’ o “How much do you think?”
A “Two or three hundred." 0
¢ “More than that.”
“.:1Five liieunsdlred then, though I doubt it.”
"Holevamuchgpaalmost howledhis father.
Hal repeated the amount.
“Do you ex me to believe that toinniyrot?
I dqn’t make at much in a year with my fertile
brain, and surely I am of more importance than

you.

“Well, I made it just the same and I'll _be able
to prove it to-marrow night 17 en I bring my
cheek, and statement of account home to show

1011.
“And you made all that with $500?”
V “I did. I am now worth $1,700,”

It is unnecessary to dwell on his father's aston-
ishment. Although he was glad to know that He]
was so fortunate, yet there was a tinge of Jeal-
ousy in his congratulations, born of the idea that
his son of eighteen could make more _money in a
few daﬁs than he could earn with his pen in a
year.‘ 1'. Hunter was a’clever and well_—educated
man‘, but unfortunately his genius ran in streaks
---that is, it was not to be depended on. There
«were times when he could sit down and in a night
{ash pﬂ a short story of t interest and power
which would soon bring im in $100. At other
tunes his manuscript would be kind of rocky and
itwonid come back to him. The editors and read-

_ knew their business but Mr. Hunter some-
times thought they didnlt. At ‘supper that eve-
dﬁ He! told his mother and sisters of his luck.

,  to give them each a handsome

‘ spa wondl er you've neveriieaidthigroliin kn‘?

, - yhou daughter. in a 1

   "Youriiame and
J,  .. Ijiflietiizto." X:

 
    
   
    
  
  
  
   
   
  
    
   
   
 
     
   
    
   
  
  
 
 
 

 

T s _ T AFTER BIG MONEY

Hal, though it is true he would have been lad of
. . . 8‘
an“o portunity to see Miss Mabel _Fair again.

‘e paper stated that Mr. Fair and his wife
were in California when the ﬁre occurr ,” said
Mr. Hunter, “which fact_ would account for you
not having heard from him. I believe the young
lady herself is in St. Luke's Hospital."

Just then the bell rang, and no one coming up
Hal went down to see if the postman had left a
letter. He found_ lie.had. He opened it when he
got back to the ‘dining-room and found that it was
from Mabel Fair. She apologized for not having
communicated with him before, but excused her-
self on the plea of illness._ -

“I have learned that you saved my life at great
risk to yourself,” she wrote, “and I hope ou will
understand that I am very, very. atefu to you
§deed. I am now stopping wit my aunt at.

o.
tohave you call on me there if you can make it
convenient to do so. Drop me word in advance
so that I may know when to expect you. I shall
never forget the service you have rendered me
as long as I live, never, and both in _ aunt and
myself are anxious to ex_ ress our ob gatioiis to
you in person, so ou wil call, won't you? My
parents are in Ca ifornia, in father being en-
gaged _on the construction o a tubular bridge,
which is nearly completed," etc.

Hal's letter went the round of the family circle.’

“You will call on Miss Fair, of course,” said
his Iyoungest sister, Fannﬁ

“ suppose so,” re lied al.

“Oh, come now; al ou wouldn't miss seeing
her for a small farm,” aughed his sister. “Who
knows but this will end in a wedding?" _

“Oh, bash!” ejaculated Hal. " ou girls can
think of nothing but wedding. We men ’t
bother with such nonsense.” ,

“We men!” almost screamed his sister. "Why,
you're nothing but a boy yet."

“I’m man enough to make good money all

\ right,” retorted Hal.

“Of course “you are,” put in his other sister, who
thought no 0 er boy was half as smart or as good
as her brother.

“Is Miss Fair pretty?’ asked Fanny.

“Yes, she's ‘pretty good lookin . Nearl as
much so as yourself,” replied Hal, t ou l‘! he ear
that his sister wasn't in it with Mabe Fair.

_‘‘Oh, thank you for the comgliment, brother
nunleé’ said Fanny, getting up an making a mock
cou sy.

“You’re welcome.
peo le have no objection.”

us speaking he put on his hat, left the room
and the house. i

4

 

CAPTER V,I.——In Which’Hal’s Father Tries
His Handvin Wall Street.

Next da Hal hired a desk room with a desk in -I -I

the oﬂice o‘ a Curb broker with whom he was on
good terms. ' ' .
He went to a printer and ordered some cards.
letter-headings and envelopes. Then he got a sign
ainter to put his name on the broker's door, and
e also had it inserted in the di downstairs.
“Now I’m a r lar Wall Street ope:-ato_r’*»ho
saidvtohiniself.ioughtliasumtotu1o¥_
capitalwoiildn’tstartahank. N . ii!
on a big trait. _ ,~ it K {A

  

 

West 81st street, and I should be pleased .

wen, I'm going out if you “ I

 
    
 
   
  
  
  

  
 
  
    

 

giﬂugge the ini mines of a book by its cover,
' s a fact at appearance go a long way. _A
bluﬂ' is often better than a bank account in
e dark.”
The first use Hal made of his stationery was to
’* write a letter to Miss Mabel Fair," acknowledging
I the receipt of her letter, and tellin her it would
SVV:-nhim much pleasure to call on er on the fol-
’ Friday evening. He enclosed his card and
it when he went to lunch.

-“M letter-head and card will give her the idea
that am in business for myself in Wall Street,
; , though my business is not indicated on either.
“ She'll 'udge I'm doing something in the ﬁnancial
. line. Should she ask me gust what I am doing,

which is hardly likely, I’l
ator,” chuckled Hal. _ _
51- That afternoon two brokers came into the of-
1 ﬂee where I-Isl had desk room and wanted to see
Hr. Carson, the Curb man. He was engaged with
a customer, and they had to wait. They began
* talking together about a tip one of them had re-

s s ‘is “i  Se". %‘:l‘° “rs
» * pper ining o., , eeec ‘a ere a
‘ *2 been a discovery of a rich vein of high-grade cop-

per ore in the mine. The stock was_ now selling

 at 81.50 a share, but as soon as the discovery was
., made known the price of the shares was certain
*9 double, said the broker who had received the

. 1-1 This‘ information and much more reached
al’s ears, and greatly interested him. He de-
cided to get in on Idaho Copper, and as soon as

' mail

 

tell her I’m an oper-

hat and went over to the little bank to see if he
could get what was coming to him. His statement
, VIl_made out and a check handed to him. He im-
: . lnediately asked the clerk to bu him 1,000 shares
Of Idaho Copper outright, an left $1,500 with
him to pay for it. This was the first legitimate
deal_he  evler madle,tall tliel othﬁrs havinhg been
llllremargina specuaions. n is case ewas
lctually getting something for his money and
_ Flying for it, and he could not be wiped out if the
c of thestock went down.a third, or even
thirds, of its market value. ‘
That evening he showed his father his bank
llitteynent to rove that he had made $1,200 proﬁt
CI his A. & . deal, and then he told him that he
had lit a thousand shares of Idaho Copper
, . $1.50 in tion of a sudden rise in it._
A “If it doub es in price, as it’s likely to do in a
93‘? days, I'll make $1,500. That will make _me
 $2.000- I tell You. pop. Pm zettmz

v"! can't understand how a boy of your years
do so well in Wall Street," said is father,
. enviously. “Here I am, annan ofbrains.
with a coil education, and I am only living,
 hand to mouth. It seems to me
with in mental equipment I ought to make

$10, 7 a year. _
7'31’ you would only write a book that would
 miyou-might make a good deal more than
' i * " said Hal.

, fauna’ ho ' a
-"best .2ii..;’4‘v‘sn“'cn’§i?.’or
«out, owing_to his inabilit

   
   
 
    
  
  
     
    
    
  
   
 
 
  
   

  

 
    
  
 
   
 
    

to producing one

 
    

line had long ii?
to secure a pu ,

i ‘-a a historical novel helm! Wri and
in  expected would like
- git it wssong brought before the public.

night» J11-. unter to consider
AV euulh‘ts to

 
   
    
  
   

  

— the brokers went into Carson’s room he put on his »

 

AFTER BIG MONEY 9

that if a boy of Hal's age could come out ahead,
there was no reason why he couldn’t do the same.

He didn’t consider the important fact that his
son had spent three years as a messenger in close
touch with the stock market, and that the boy was
wise to a whole lot of things that where as a
sealed book to an outsider.

Next day Mr. Hunter went to Wall Street and
began to look around. He dropped into a broker’s
oﬁice and talked with several customers he found
there. He had $100 in his pocket, and had come
downtown with the intention of buying Idaho
Copper, because Hal was in on that. A man he

ot into conversation with told him that Idaho
opper was a frost, and that if he wanted a sure
winner he should buy X. & Y.

“You can get ten shares on margin at the little
bank on Nassau street," said the adviser, so Mr.
Hunter went to the little bank and bought ten
shares of the stock . Had anybody suggested to
Hal that he urchase ten or more shares of X. &
Y., he woul have said, “Nay, nay,” because his
experience told him that the stock wasn't worth
shucks. ,

Mr. Hunter, never having had any dealings in
Wall Street before, was an easy- k “lamh,"
who nibble_d at anything. ~

People like him are cleaned out down to their
undershirt every day in the market. Mr. Hunter
said nothing to Hal about his investment when
they met at suppler that evening.

“I’ll surprise im when I show him the ducats
I've won,” he chuckled.

Hal observed with some surprise that his father
showed a sudden interest in the day’s market
report. _He wondered if he was getting points for
a ﬁnancial story for ‘some magazine. Several
days went by, and then one morning the news
came out about the strike in the Idaho mine. The

stock went up to $2 on the strength of the report, -

and when it was conﬁrmed by the company of-
ﬁcially there was a mad rush on the part of the
Curb brokers to buy the shares. Then it was
discovered that it was scarcer than hen’s teeth;
the insiders had gobbled most of it u , and were
waiting for the price to go well up beliore feeding
it out to the public. Everybody wants what he
can't get, consequently in the wild scramble for
Idaho Copper fanc offers were made for the
stock by excited bro ers. By one o'clock that day
it was going at $4 a share, and very little was to
be had even at that price. While the Curb market
was as buoyant as a cork on a heaving sea, the
contrary was_ the condition of the regular
market._ A big slump was forced by a prominent
bear clique, and prices were slaughtered all
around. , . 
_X. & Y. dro ten points in almost as many
minutes, and r. Hunter's $100 deposit was not
only wiped out. but the bank had a small balance
against him. _Mr.
room of the little bank and watched the quota
tloﬁs _dupton theublackboatrl-Id. an 
e in seem grasp esi tionve
th 11 from the conversation going 

him is judged thatthe market was notgoing the

' t way-——that is, for those long on stock‘;

e “shorts” on the con

and the more the market fe away the

‘ u ’ . '
"‘i?a§’i‘ii' ‘n”‘i§x°"‘ me. ‘a...
winday§ndubadhuu,'ii"«:l_seoo¢iour,.i“r ,,

   

 

 

Hunter sat in the receptic|n- '

were rlsht in it]
create

     
   
 

      

1,0 x .
-his dismay he learned thathis $100 had gone, to
swell the profits of the “bears.”
. Instead of playing a winner, as he had fondly
supposed, he had backed a very bad loser, and he
3 . was out a, sum of mone that he couldn’t afford
. » 1,’ ,- to lose. He went home t oroughl disgusted with
’ . Wall Street and full of wonder ow it was pos-
sible for his son to make money in such a game
 » ' ‘ of chance . Hal, in the meantime, was watching
:—° ~ ‘the rise of Idaho Copper with glad eyes.
 i ' When the Curb Exchange closed at three, $6
0 .. was offered for the stock, with few takers. Had
Hal sold his 1,000 shares, which re osed in Mr.
Carson’s safe, he could have cleane up a rofit
of $4,500. He didn’t sell, however, because 1: ings
looked ripe for a higher price on the following

ay.

. “Well, father,” he said, when‘ he got home,
' ' . “I'm $4,500 ahead on my Idaho Copper. The
~ boom I was expecting started in this morning,
and up. she went like 8. rocket.”

“Huh!” grunted Mr. Hunter, sourl .

“W’h2t’s the matter? Don’t you eel well?”
asked Hal. I

“No, I don’t,” snapped his father. “I.don’t
want to hear anything more about stocks from
you, do you understand?” r

“Yes, sir,” answered the boy, surprised his
father should be so touchy.

“Wall Street is a rank swindle," roared Mr.
Hunter. “I'd just as soon be held up by a high-
wa n as to put up another dollar on a stock.”

Put up another dollar! What do you mean,
father? You haven't been playing the market,
have you?”

- “ laying the market!" ejaculated Mr. Hunter,

' ‘with a sepulchral laugh. “Oh,_n_o; the market
was playing me——-for a blamed idiot.”

h:¥§xplain'yourself, father,” cried Hal, ‘breath-

 

 

 
 
  
    

s y.
“I will, and I hope it will give you a lot of
satisfaction to learn that your intelli ent site has

, been skinned out of a hundred do lars by the
‘_bears.' I bought ten shares of X. 6': Y., expect-

I!
i,m§You bought X. & Y.!” interrupted Hal.
V e "I'did." “ . '
“How came you to pick out that lobster of the
market?" .

“A distinguished looking ntleman named
Colonel Culpepper, whom I met in Boy & Tibbett’s
i brokerage oﬂlce. He told me X. & Y. would go up
. ints inside of forty-eight hours."
~ ‘_‘ y, the regular market slumped to-day badly.
, .Tl'iose long on stock had to get out from under
 quick to save,-their bacon."
‘ J , .was ‘long,’ as you call it, on X. &. Y., and
new Pin short on cash," growled Mr.\Hunter, not
realizing that he had been guilty of a pun.
“And you lost your $100?" _,
_.‘~‘Y$. and I've lost conﬁdence‘ in eve thing con-_
heated with that pit of in:iquity—-W.all treet. How
thunder you manage to make, it pay down
 I can't understand. I don't see how you
“escape with as shirt on your back.“ i

  

   
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
   

' I AF'1‘E!R, BIG MONEY

   

 

. ‘ 1
V 2; M s‘§.l{...s..-rim

 

won you'd ha_ve gone back and tried again, prob-- 
ably putting in all you’ could scrape togethersln ’
the long or short run you'd have beeii*cleaned out. 5,
I’ll give you $100 to replace the sum you lost, and ,_ 
keep you from worrying, for I know you can't at-‘ ;
ford to lose so much. Just keep away from Wall _—;
Street. One in the family is enough to monkey ‘X
with the market. Let me wrestle with the bulls
and bears while you wrestle with your pen.”

“Wall Street-—never again!” said Mr. Hunter, ';
holding up his hand, and he kept his word. 

m,

 

CHAPTER VII.—Hal Calls on Mabel Fair.

That evening Hal put on a little extra style and ‘Al
left the flat to call on Miss Mabel Fair.

He had only seen the young lady under rather ..
strenuous and unfavorable circumstances, and he 
wondered how she would look when attired in
suitable rainment. ,

He had an idea that she would look out of sight,
to use a slang phrase. - A '

Hal had shown that he was a nervy young fel- ’‘
low when put to the test, but, singular to relate, sq
when he approached the home of Miss Fair-’s aunt, T
his nerve seemed to desert him. ‘ e 

He counted the number, but when he saw the i
right one looming through the darkness he shot §
past ‘the steps leading to the door with a. speed #2
which must have led inquisitive people to think he 
was after the doctor who lived further on. 

3
3?
l.
5

as

He gradually slowed down- and turned around.

What a chump I am!” said he to himself.
“Why should I go past the house as though I
were trying to catch a train? When it comes to ,
facing a pretty girl, who is practically a strain
to me, I haven't any more pluck than a  '0

Indian.”

He retraced his steps slow] in I to 5;-in‘
his courage up to the sticking  8 i
This time, when he reached the house, he ran ,3
up the stone steps rapidly, for fear his resolution "‘
would fail him, and pushed the electric button. ;
“I’m in for it now,” he muttered. 
In a few moments a servant appeared and .
looked at him inquirin ly. - ‘ l ‘i
‘ 3 Miss Fair in?” e asked. ' . ‘ii;
The servant said she was, and held the doc ‘ 
open for him to enter.  %
Hal handed‘ his card to the woman and was 1!-
shown into the front parlor. of
The room was dark, but the servant pushai-an ‘ 3’
electric button near the door and instantly the 
apartment was ﬂooded with electric light. ‘ .§
In a short space of time Hal heard footsteps 
descending, the stairs, and presently a fair y ,
girl, attired in it becoming house gown,
the room. - , ,
£1‘?! recog§xize¢IiIhei1;e:t”or1n1ce.“i d "1 ‘ '
ou are 2'. un , s e , Vﬂncing '& 5.
a smile and oﬂ‘ering- her hand In ”
‘W83

    
       
    
  
 

“That's my name.” replied the young’
Street operator, “and you are Miss Fair.

 
   

   
 
   
 

    

escape Mcause I know the ropes. You don't “Yes," she answered. f‘I am delighted to see
them and should havekept away. The woods and to make the acquaintance of one to  ’
g ‘Lambs’ fouwend they all see their 8.l1"l"1l—nt'i'¢x' such great obligation.” ‘ H  1
.l in allstreet. Itgvpasra, m Dont'raention.it,MissFai‘r. {annoy -»

 

to (have a
needed

   

been ‘able to,

 

.2  ‘flfwu aver! 

   

~ 3-jieasi told that you,.had a very narrow escape of
.4! life-5 
3,, %e both had a narrow escape. I-_Iowever,_ a
' .-jniss is as good as a mile," he added, with a smile.
1;; “You ,mustn‘t make hght of it, Mr. Hunter. I
«. .x,_,am_very rateful to you, and shall never forget
3,; what you ve done for me as long as I live.’’.
V?’ Hal bowed. . ‘
)._ “I asked you to call.” she went on, ‘ because I
felt that a mere letter could hardly express my
true sentiments. I also wished to make your ac-
quaintance, and so does my aunt. We feel that
such a bravgfoung man as yourself should be ac-
corded spec’ recognition." _
“I am much leased to make your acquaintance’,
—  Filliiii an I hope we shall be good friends,
 “I imsure we shall _if the i_n'atter rests with
me,‘ replied Mabel Fair, flashing a bewitching
, ggiance at her visitor. V _
" ’ * Here Mrs. Van Iassel, the girl's aunt, entered
‘ the room.
Mabel introduced Hal to her, and the lady ex-
Jressed the pleasure she felt at making  ac-
’ .?¢I'la.intance, and then proceeded to thank lum for
- t he done for her_ niece. _
er ' passed  lively conversation, and
 half h;>ld.his engtufi ﬁrelttykwell.
About - nine a y is oo mg young
 let himsglafs in at the front door with his
’ -zbtivtte latch-key.
Mrs. Van Tassel called him into the parlor and
 d him to Hal as her nephew, Howard
 n.

 

  
  
  
  

  
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
 
  
     
 
   
   

 ‘He was a young‘ man of perhaps twentY'§iX
an and he treated the _Wall _Street boy with
most distinguished consideration.
man of the world and was
. perfectly familiar wit all the phases of fashion-
“rlbls dissipaiion., . M
* _Youngashewashiskno_wle_dgeofthevicesof
"society was profound and intricate. ‘
 learned that he was assistant secretary of
 Hercules Consolidated Mines Company, of No.
This wan smeltzlt mi in be termed I sinecuré
post was at v
is. fine duties were p y nominal, except when
. Watkins, the secretary-treasurer, was out of
city. when Hatton was called upon to repre-
him in a small way. ‘ » _
ten o'clock came Hal said he 0198865 It

i to o.
ﬁou urged b gieladi to remain longer
V ‘ did rfohte think itywise to dgsso, but he promised
repeat the visit at an early date.

in the ladies were bidding him z<_>od-night at
4- red and said he would

* Batten was a youn

  

  

    

   

are a d fellow," remirked Hattona 38
, walked own the steps togetlgyr. and I
.. hgppy to know you better. -
 you,’ replied Hal, who -could not but
  the marked attention paid him by
.  . '

' had not receive a more deﬁnite answer.»

' ess between ten and three, and often till ‘four ii 1. _

 

1 AFTER me MCNEY A 11

“Come —in and have something," said Hatton,
with the nonchalance of a man of the world.

“Thank you, but I don't drink," replied Hal,
holding; back. i

“Oh, you mean you don’t drink whisky? Well,
have a glass of wine.”

“I don’t drink wine, either.” .

“Is' it possible ‘.7” exclaimed Hatton, looking at
Hal as though he was a new kind of natural cu-
riosity. “You don’t drink anything, eh?”

“Nothing in the shape of stimulants,” replied
the boy, with a ﬂushed face, feeling that he had
made a bad impression on his elegant new ac-
quaintance.

f‘You don’t object to a glass of soda, do you?”
and Hatton, with a slight vein of sarcasm in '

nes. i

“No. I sometimes drink soda." ‘

“Come in, then, and we'll toast our acquaint-
ance.”

Accordingly Hal entered the cafe with his com-
planion Hatton appeared to be well known in the
p ace. .

The harkeeper and two or three of the well-
dressed habitues nodded to him.

“What will you have?” said Hatton, as they
came to a halt in front of the bar.

“A glass of soda," said Hal. ‘

“With a dash of brandy?” suggested the bar-
keeper.

Uo. Just plain soda."

“I’ll take my usual brand, with some celery
water,” remarked Hatton. »

' His usual brand proved to he a popular grade of
whisky.

“So you have an oﬁice in Wall Street, Hunter?
Iltl irzltielbrokerage line 1'” said Hatton, looking hard
9. a .

“No. My business is private and conﬁdencial.”
replied the boy, not caring to let Hatton know
that he was simply playing the market in his

own interests. H
enlightening to Hutton,

His reply was not ve
and his companion‘ look disappointed because he

 

    
   
     
        
       
     
 
     
  

“I'll drop in and see you some time,” he said.
“Have you a card ?" »

‘‘l’m not in the oﬂice for an le of time
dxmns Exchange hours." replied llal, andinghiin
his card; “but after three you will be likely to
ﬁnd me.” . . .

“You’re with Mr. Carson?! see.” observed Hat-
ton,Yaftgr glancing over th card. .

CC es

“Hex-'e's In card. Call and see me whenever‘
on have a ittle time to spare. I'm in more or

have anything to do,” said Hatton. . V
“I_'ll be pleased to can some time,” said Hal, ..
putting his »companion's cardin his ket. a
They passed ont,ofthecafe,and ttonwoat “
as far as the 81st Street .s1:ation with Hal, * _ A .

the parted. - "

-iinwaiisu-eetboyhaamucheothinkabouieanl

”’n'7.§§1’¥~’£'-‘.f'ms themost nape.-mi am.

msiemgm trod  ‘W
’ is

   
     
 

 

       

.9183 ii? _ j
*3u"§'

  

 

 

   
     
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
    
  
   
    
  
  
    
   
   
  
    
     
  
 

 

 I ' ' ‘,  l

V he meant to cultivate her good oginion and make
« hiniselfassolid with-heras possi le. _ . s _,
He was glad that good fortune had given him
that:  todo hersuchasignalfavoi-as saving
‘ r e.
' He felt that he would be willing to go through
fire and water for her sake any time.

 

CHAPTER VI~II.—-Hal Makes a Good Haul in
‘ “ Copper -

’ Hal was early at the Gurb Exchange next morn-
ing, where Idaho Copper was the all-absorbing
to 'c of the hour. .

-' v be moment the Exchange began business and

_.‘ul!er*-of $6.25 was-made for any part of 5,000

shares of Idaho Copper by a well-known broker.
A young broker sold him that amount and the
ti-arle established a quotation. .
‘ The deal was really a “wash sale,” as'the ‘big
. broker was working in the interest of the insiders,
and amounted to nothing, though to all appear-
ances it seemed to be a gemnne one._
Inside of an hour the stock was going at $7.50.
‘ The chief interest of the Exchange centered in
, the copper stock. and Hal was rig to keep
.:track of the business done in it, for-_ e knew _when
it began to come out it would be time for him to
sell

‘ one else to judge just how things were going

below the surface. ‘
‘ At noon the price reached $8. '
That was a mighty high ﬁgure for. Idaho Cop-
r, and Hal hesitated Jabout holding on any

tiger. 1
. Still, things were humming, and no one could
' I sayhow high the price would go in the excitement
.01’ the hour. .
. Copper stock reached $9.50 at one _o’clock, and
[still Hal hesitated to part with his thousand
shares.
 was after bi vmoney, and here was a
patently the finest ance in the world to make it.
 He might, never catch on to such a chance again.

."

that day...‘ . v» V ‘
 H ‘could not tell what might happen while he
was awn from the Curb. ,
. So heliung on, and two. o'clock came- around
wlthldaho Copper at $10.50. , 3 .
«lie had withdrawn from thecrowd to get fresh
gir,"when he heard a man behind ‘hull say to a
companion: . -
.-’."ﬂie price is about as high as it can go, Darby.
8%‘-artin now ‘and unload the balance, then we'll
letthe market take care or itself.” , _
iﬁaljxeard the wh1SPe1T8d order plainly, and it
was enough to shape his_ course of action.
He dashed into, the thick of the mob that was
over Idaho and oﬂcred is 1,000 shares at

ilﬁtket cc. -
‘ V hrokergﬁk  right away.‘ _ '— V
   represent?” he said, Jotting down
,,»x**#§¢o,§h1sna6- W ,  "

  

l  ﬁtiivgrz

 Biut it was a difficult matter for Hal or Cry \

t .'Phe idea of goin to lunch did ‘not enter Hal's‘

  "~ste'—‘htladto je tio.’{.said*H
iwguy p yhfvep in in: e oninvestiga ii  at,

Arms. BIG MONEY I

“I have. It is in Mr. Carson's safe.” -

‘.‘Well, here_.take this note. Carry it to my oﬂico
with the shares and my partner will give you a
check for the amount.” - .

.“All right, sir. It shall be delivered in ﬁfteen
minutes.” . ..

Hal darted oi? as if he still was a messenger.

/ He dashed into Carson's oﬂice, got the certiﬁc-
ate of stock and rushed around to the oﬂice of
the broker he had sold it to.

Presenting the note and the certiﬁcate he got
the check for $10,500 which he took around to the ‘
bank where he was known and cashed it.

Then with a light heart am a famous appetite ,
he went to lunch.

Half an hour afterward there.was a break in
Idaho Copper, and when “the Curb Exchange
closed that .day the stock was on the run, and’
"brokers falling over themselves to sell out as they
had previously been eager to buy.

t 'l;he slump didn't interest Hal to any great ex-
en . .

He was safe with his money in his pocket.

His profit on the deal amounted to $9.00 and _
lgisé gvogrking capital had grown from $1,600’ to '
1 , _ - .4

He returned to his desk in Cars oﬁce and
put in his time reading the daily _&al'intelli-

gence. , h?
h_ At half-past three Sam Carter walked in to see

im.
C Sam didn't know Hal had been in on I
0 per. 0 «
to t: d(i:dn’lt); sup ie that] Hal gave any attention
in .
"H:W"Sul2hiIlE: cf>mingaon”’ he said
“First—class.” ' .
_Well, I shouldn't imagine you were doing any-
tlgggy f%r°31i§l;n’arket is in the dumps since yes-T
.’ fgtfiu mean the‘ §tockhExchangeh§'’ .
‘ course.‘ a’ —w ere yo ii isn't‘ -
it‘; Now, if you'd got on theucurbgbggldi 'you”, ,1
might have made a good stake out of Idaho g
goglper. tSoirfie.tp,eople have made a barrel of‘ ‘ "
_ ey_ou o i. 4 .~
:Which means that others have lost a harrel."‘
JostS§;e.s°nIilev‘:o ydeollsléir, won represents a dollar‘
ofuglow do you kpgw but I pulled a wad out
e co per rise. .
Y"I doln tkknow, bﬁlt I ‘don't’ think you hIV.a
ou’re uc y enoug as i is.’ 
k “That’ts  If yio{utaren’t lucky you’d better. “‘.
ee on o e mar e .” -
:: ell, what do you know this afternoon 2" , g
I came_up to ‘tell you that Jimmy Naggs has . )1
come out in a swell suit_ of tags, :3 watch and .—‘i
chain, a big headlight imitation diain_ond, and .5
ME.§’.1‘;§,i.l‘2’.i'§“a§§.ii“§..¥°£‘ha.?l‘i'33’ W“ W is
 does tliat. ’ He must have taken that  I ‘

   
    

“Not much chance of proving his guilt now;
for he’s evidently had it changed and laid out: ‘
a part, of it on himself. What a little runs!“

is. I ' * ‘ I 

“‘I- think Ill.8lI0nY1h0uS«;leftei‘ sent to 

  
   
  

  

"1 1 H t -  lttets
roﬂumebodn ;¥fs:lldfn£:yy-1n:::,- ° .
onward t tqbo ’

  

   

justilies the means. Finklestein is. convinced I
stole that bill, and I am anxious to clear myself
with him ”

_ 4.. he wouldn’t put any stock in it, but if he didn't
; Know who sent it he might _consider the hint
worth following up. for I guess had be glad or

a chance to get his money back.”

Hal turned to his desk and wrote a short
note in a  hand to Fmkelstein. Then
he cut off hisprinted name and address, and
putting the note into a blank envelope, addressed
- It to the broker and stamped it. _

. Later when he went home with Sam he mailed
.. it in a box. 'Two days atterward Hal was walk-

‘ . mg down New Street when he saw ._Im_imy Naggs

sitting on the step of an oilice building talking
' to an A. D. T. messenger. Helooked as if he

I was taking the world _easY-

‘ ‘_ “Hello, Naggs,” said Hal.
’ to be very busy.” _

" » Naggs" scoweld at him. _

 “He got ﬁred from his job,’ said the messenger,

\ n§.od want to tell that ran» snarled

. ‘Jinan . unsolv-
" ‘ e “What (I on care?" chuckled the other youh.
75    bounced you, did he? What
‘~-.  of ydur business what for,’’ retorted

. V  he found out tlﬁaitl‘ you knew where

' t to,” d
_ «n.*§°‘§§’é"t‘§ﬁ”mm {hit I took it?" gritted

,%'l'y'"shou1d 1 tell hi-mthat? I didn't have
any evidence that you took it. Maybe he .808-
. ou when he saw you blossom out in a

r- ,:;e’w'suit, tie and watch chain. It is not safe

_ _‘ to. look to pnospemut Just after your boss by

 ney. ' ,
 '.‘“A”w,m:atSl ‘I guess you took that bill you -

‘ :

  

“You don't seem

   
 
  
  
  
   
    
   

" -"bh, no, Jimmy, I didn’t get a chance to take
it. The bill was gone when I entered the _room_."
“Ho wdo you know it was? Finkelstein said
3'01‘! look it.’ . . .
-one had no evidence against me. 80 I_ 311688
saidthattothrw you oﬂyour guard in case

. . ‘gr; guilty. When he saw the splurge you
making, maybe he decided it was time

If /

'"%dw%r not say I’m a thief." snarled

ﬁg. not calling you one. You know best
" w-lather you took the money, and then
to throw the blame. on to me by telling
’ ’ that you didn’t _telL-me to go into
3.-ivate room that morning when you knew
' out.”
glared at Hall. and apparently having
azrerihdtoiiiakotohis lastre.mai-k.hegotu
away. Hal went his wa ,'S 
ii

     
    
 
   
   

.0 rdiwdnml;-tum he wt to

.-—--o

  

' AFTER BIG MONEY

.-pd sénd it if I was you. If you signed it 4

‘ion:-ridged” Tip _ Til“

is

I ‘ “How are you, Hunter?” he said, in his free

and easy way. “I thought I'd call and see you.
Hope I’m not disturbing you.” .

“Not at all, Mr. Hatton,” replied the young
opegator, putting down the report. “Take ii
sea .” -

“This is where you hang out, eh?” ,
“'i his is my oﬁice, though I don't do any busi-
ness here.” ‘ ’ '
“What time do you usually get away?"
“Any time between three and four.”
“By the way, have you anything on for to-
night?”
"Can’t say that I have.”
“9How would you like to take in the town with
me.”
“I’m afraid you’ll have to excuse me. I'm not —
much of a night bird. It is necessar for me
to -keep a clear head in my business, which would
be impossible if I made a night of it.” '
“Oh, one night now and then wouldn't hurt
you. I can show .you some very interestin
sights. New York is the place to see life, an
unless you wish to be considered a kind of city
Jay you want to get around and see what's go-
111% after the theatres are out." ' '

:11, however, said that he was not at all
curious to investigate the night side of Manhattan "
Borough. Things were swift enough in Wall —'
Street to suit him, so he guessed he wouldn’t ‘.
bother about the mysteries of the Tenderloin. .‘
Hatton seemed disappointed at Hal’s refusal to
join him on a round of midnight pleasure. and ‘
ﬁnally departed after pressing the boy to call
at his office.

With aover $10,000 at his disposal, Hal lay.
back on his cars for a couple of weeks while
he studied the market. He didn't see anything
that tempted him to embark in another deal, so
he held aloof waiting for something to turn up.

«- One afternoon, hawng nothing special on hand
hethought he'd call on Hutton. The oﬂices o A -
the Hercules Consolidated Mines Company were ‘
on the sixth ﬂoor of the Baker Buil ' . S0110: 
took the‘ elevator up. Hal found the ogce and  I
walked in without knocking. There was ‘no one
in the outer oﬂlce but a small red-headed boy,
and he seemed on the point of going out.

"Is Mr. Hutton in?” Hal asked him. » 

“He's upstairs on busineu, but he'll be back i ~:‘
any minute. You can sit down and wait for ~.

him.”

1. "

     
 

The oﬂice then wentout in a leisurely way,
banging the cor after him. Hal took a seat .. .
near the partition that separated the outer ollice ' "

one. The door leading into that .-

from an inner‘ .
room was marked!“Private," and it was closed.;_,
Beside the door was a small window, 
was ajar. I .A V’ ,
Hal soon became aware that two persons, were
talking in the next room. At iii-st thevoiat
were pitched low, but by
louder, and Hal could not 1: p
they were talking abo_
not about mines and
that had been formed to

  
       
      
      

  
   
     

 
 
 
 

   
 

      

14,

-A J because they had the money to carry them

through. _
The man who had ot the ti on the situa-
etails of t e coming deal,

  

tion ex lained all the
and tod the other that he .had bought several
thousand shares of the stock for his own account,
and advised his friend to go in also to the limit
of his resources. for he assured him that the
price of O. & B. would be boomed at least twenty
points inside 01 the next ten days. _ 0 “
“You haven’t any time to lose,” he said, for
the shares are being gathered in by‘_brokers work-
ing in the interest of the pool, and in a few days
the will be as scarce as hen’s teeth.”
» Elal, satisﬁed he had. got on to a ﬁne tip, con-
cluded not to wait for Hatton, but to o to
some broker and order 1,000 shares boug t on
margin for his’ account. Accordingly he left the
. mining oﬂice, got his money out of his safe deposit
box and hastened to the oﬂice of the old broker
in Exchange Place for whom he had done the

 
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
 
  
   
  
    
   

He asked for Mr. Arnold. ”

“Gone home for the day about .an hour ago,
said a junior clerk.

“Well, I want to leave an order for the pur-
chase of some stock.” ”

“The cashier will attend to you. .

Hail went to the cashier and told him what
he wanted. -, ‘

“Who is the stock for?” asked that gentleman.

‘Harry Hunter." '

“Have ion brought a certiﬁed check?”

“No, I aiizei the cash.”
. wi o. ’, « .
‘ ‘T"h:adrdei' was made out, and the cashier told
Hal to sign it with Hunter's name and address
"and add his own initials. Hal signed his name
' and oﬁce address. . 0 u

“I am Harry Hunter, and the deal is my own, ,
he said, as he shoved the paper back to the

_d ﬁrman lookedat the boy in surprise, and then
mwweﬂéhwe notify you as soon as he
has t e ” .
’ ' ' , l I
«‘~"1“§“f>.°3.“‘aé’.’i.?.f";. §’i»°2f»°3"§‘;‘.i:.‘.‘e“p.?.‘:«;‘. iii sﬁffa
. to», win $20,000 at a cli ,” he said to himself.
0 '§»I-E'°“ “'3 Onhthﬁlarge higosbeconig :d“'::!;(l o‘i1tl1da9%e'l
 e
.. p -1-.“ ;e;Y1e_nmg‘ved a ﬂattering welcome from
. H a S 19061 .
lad . who he thought looked loveher
than infer. 1&3. Van Tassel dropped
ﬁlrﬂm 13.-’?" "“‘°" H“ii.“.f€Zv’?.if§§' ..';‘.i“i':‘:‘3.’i
‘ a rance .
told l(abele"to ts  that ﬁe had called 1990
‘. that afternoon and found him out.
3‘! you would like to visitdthlei  Ezicilill
do . 11‘ Fair.” sai a. ‘ 3
‘:::od 1!: sholésyou around.” ~ _ '
; «ﬂfhank ou,” she replied. “I should like to go
y la inked”
r aunt could meet me at my oﬂige
is   Y ~..-=r*:.§..::>°°...m* W» in 5.5‘.
. 1°00  *0‘ 7 3 ' .
s ghacﬁn Ina qgpectyoa I willmako

  

   

  

    
 
   

  

 
 
  
 

    

 

service we have mentioned in an earlier chapter. .

in for a.

   

AFTER BIG MONEY

lowin Wednesday. Next day he received word
from r. Arnold’s cashier that the 1,000

shares *

of 0. & B. had been bought at 80, and were held “

subject to his instructions.

He said nothing to his ‘folks about this deal ‘K

and they, satisﬁed that he was making
money in Wall Street, did not bother him with
more than casual inquiries as to how he was get-,
ting on. His father had been offered and accepted

a steady job as a reader in a big publishing house, .

and he wrote only occasionally of an evening.

Durin the next few days 0., & B. steadily
advance
on Saturday, when the Exchange closed at noon,
it was quoted at 85. That put Hal $5,000 to the
good, and he shook hands with himself. On
Monday things began to grow interesting around
the O. & B. standard. A certain broker drew
attention to it, and considerable business was
done in it that morning.

a fraction of a point at a time until _‘i

Hal was in the visitors gallery watching .thof
progress of events, and when he left to get 

lunch the stock was marked up to 88.

meant that his ﬁnancial prospects had increased‘ ‘

$3,000 since he came downtown, which naturally 

was a very pleasing reflection and helped his “N

appsztito , .. .

When he returned to the Exchan e it was
going at 90, and the brokers were gghting to
get hold of some of it.
that the price would certainly go
excitement increased momentarily. A ch 01
bear operators made an effort to turn the tide

Its scarceness indicated:
higher,_ so the’

4

-*--»~ A L;

by selling large blocks of it. For a time thej

upward trend was stopped, and 0. & B. d
back to 88, but this ﬂurry was a failurlzpgfg

the stock soon recovered and went up to 92, at,

which figure it closed for the day.

pers had noticed the rise and said the stock
was going -to par beyond a doubt.
“lambs” came downtown and began placing their
orders at the different brokerage houses. Most
of them were after 0. (z B. because it was booin-
ing. So many orders were out topurchase the
0 stock that the supply was nowhere equal to the-
demand and up went the price to par in no time.
at all, while the brokers howled around the busy
pole like a lot of lunatics. *

At two o'clock it reached 105. and afraction,i. 
and Hal decided that now was the time for bill’,

to out with a big bundle. He_ wentaround
to rno1d’s oﬁice and told_ the cashier to sell him‘
out. While he was giving his order the old
ntleman came out of his private room and law"
 He greeted

and asked him who he was working for.

“Pin working for myself, Mr. Arnold.” smiled _'

    

Hal. A g
. “Yourself 1" eliaculated the old gentleman,  »
"Yes, sir. in doing a little speculation 

 

own account’? ,
1-. Arnold frowned. . _
“I don't approve of boys doing
“Well, sir, I think Pm doing
‘Uptotwoweeks sgolhadnil
the iparkot.‘ Mot that
 on 1. ,  g
 , ant, 106.
‘ fr 1 ‘ is‘?!

111

 
  
 

    
 

an. 1:
assumes

Hal in a very friendly way.‘

that:”hesald.‘«"

Next morning Hal looked to see the boom con- i
tied, and he was not disappointed. The news- 0"

A legionot ;

\

    
 

L. .'.,x«.i'..»‘3..> . 

  
 
       
    
       
    
   
  
    

  

S

"f  and quicker way I’d like to know it,” re-
plied Hal

it  Hr. Arnold was astonished. He took.the boy
$1.910 his private room and had a long talk with

%ﬁ,>_ ‘ The interview gave him a fresh idea of Hai’s
gqcapabilities in Vv all street, and he ceaseu to
-regard his operations in the market with a dis-
tfﬁpproving eye. Next day Hal received his
gstatemenvand check signed by-Mr. Arnold, and
:when he went home that afternoon he astonished
his mother and elder sister with the news that he

Sits "now worth $35,000 in ready cash.

     
 
 

U

 

 

CHAPTER X.-—Hal Rents An Office;

_ v When Hal next visited Mabel Fair, she told
 that she and her aunt had decided to call
' upon him or nthe f llowing Saturday and let him
« :ta_ke them over togtne Stock Exchange. Accord-

, Hal was waiting for them on Saturday

 when they entered Mr. Carson's oﬁice
about eevcn o’cloc .

He received them with the greatest courtesy,
and. after a short talk escorted them to the
visitors’ gallery at the Exchange. The board
ghqun happened to be‘ very _busy that day, so
jthe scene they witnessed was one of great am-
Ination and excitement- _

', ."My goodness, what a noise those men do
ﬂake.” exclaimed Mabel. “Is that the way they
act all the time?"
= “Yes, as a rule. It is even worse when there’s
atoom or a slump n. Then things are tre-
nmendously exciting. ust now matters are run-
Jling about on the average. The market is hold-

Sn§§:irly steady, with no unusual features.”

 

  
   
 
 
 
    
   
 
   
  
 

  

g and then Hal invited them to lunch with
, -They accepted the invitation, and he ml:
to a very nice restaurant on Cedar Street.
After they left the restaurant he put them aboard
 train and bade them good-by. Hal

my concluded that he had money enough to
. ~z - an oﬁce all‘ to himself;

v‘

was ra:ther«an' expensive luxu , as oﬁices
butas long as t s seemed

-iI‘Wall_ Street;

_, cmmng his way, hrﬁgured that he was

' - _ . to anything in reason that he wanted. It
‘ '2‘ - I 0 ~

1  1 the Stock Exchange as

1 be no‘ vacancies at that time

    
    
  
   
    

 . he made it his business to inquire

. dillerentomce buildings on both sides

- _ » -_Street. His was not very success-

’  had about concluded that he would

- to try Broad Street.» hen _

that acertam patent agency‘ was looking

for one o -the rooms of its suite.

no  ’ g on the lawyer who
e.. the business. . . 3. _

+‘iadsrstsnd“.’that you want to rent one or

 "*°‘ W‘

‘  your and what is
7 'aa:.'i1nuea:qonc.;1or-my

  
   
  

       
 
    

AFTER BIG MONEY

y remained till the Exchange closed at

matter to ﬁnd ‘a suitable roﬂice‘

he accidently

. 

15

‘:1 am_operating on the stock market."

‘Ah, indeed. itather young, aren't you, for
that business?” .

“As long as I am successful,_I guess my youth
does not cut any’ great ngure in the matter.”

‘loan you Iuinisn good references?“

les, six. 1 reter you to air. r..dwin Arnold,
stocx oroker, of No. Lxchange‘ Place.”

‘‘I Will show you the room, and if it suits you,
and the price suits, too, I _will call on Mr, Arnold
to-morrow and see 11 he is Wllllng to guarantee
you as a suitable tenant."

. The lawyer showed Hal the room. "He liked
it, and as the rent came within his expectations
he told the lawyer he was ready to take-it if
he would let him have it. -

,“Call to-morrow afternoon and I will give you
an answer," replied the la er.

Alter leaving the patent o cc Hal went around
to‘slee Broligteer Arnoldﬁ himselﬁl .

‘ am a ' G 1 ' '
and I have tiikill (thecelibnertyeto grit: 
he :zlild_rto the old gentleman.

-“ ight ’ l'ed th Id b k , “ ‘
you a good i'ectli:¢‘i,.’l’ e 0 to er .111 Ewe

On the following afternoon, Hal called again
on the patent lawyer and was told he could have
possession of the room on the Iirst of the month,
He _paid the first month's rent and went away
£$eal1li!lgSthat he was now of some importance in

treet. Onhisw baktoc ’
oﬁice he_ met _Sam. ay c "son 3

“I ve Just hired an oflice, Sam,”  said.

What, one all to yourself?" replied his friend,

Hal nodded. ,.
out fast. old man. Made an-

“You’re comin
other strike late y?” .
in O. & énmade a small wad out of the boom
II§:.‘:.*“::":.‘°.:.§:':“:."::::.':“.¥..‘”.§;‘.‘5.‘.$% 
“How much are you worth now 2" .

:§'hat’s a business secret.” ;
’ on m t rth -
of hirin ‘:1 oﬂicvevlo oms§e'§'°a§he°:::'é§l'§i:: 3:: -
here. 'V5here is it?" .
’on“§get2<;st(}’aylor Building. I'll possession of it
up‘:,I,’“ be “P 190 See you as soon as you get ﬁxed
“I shall be glad to have you come any time.’

‘V:

°l‘,"S,ay Jimmy Naggs has caught on to another _" M

:‘Has he? Who is he
‘Postal Telegraph Co "
.~“£*a:t..*-“‘* as °°:.* ....,..
111 e in. ' ‘ ' '.
he had any ability.” a to n“ were it ‘
“ h, he’ll never amount to

. _ shacks. He isn't
sbgglﬁﬁeuyiéfﬁ way’ mu’ I “‘“" 9°‘ ¢°*W- "
ﬁrsto themonthwasonlyatewdgi

oﬂf, so Hal picked out,t_he furniture and the othgf“ «
things he needed for-=his oﬁioeyand ordered " '
tobedelivcredontgzc-in:Pttefrnoongf¢l;Q *
o In T
him. but ’

There was noth'
the same. He called on ,

zlﬁcialljyxsintere
ﬁll’ found him That
hi‘  

._ and .
lﬂinsy naﬂsals 4_

working for now 2"

   
 

    

    
  

 
 

giilhd was

aiposicionashehaawitin-i"a

       
      
   
   
  
    
     
    

  
 

   

' 16
“Hello, Hunter,_ Glad to see you. Make your-
self at home,” said Hatton. _
"You don;  to be very busy this after-
" smil a .
t nogllio, I was just thinking about going uptown.
Do you play_ billiards?"
2 “No,” replied the young operator.
“I suppose you don't play cards either?”
“I sometimes play euchre or wliist with my
, ; friend Carter.” _
,~ ' ::§Ieve.i-‘played poker or pinochle, eh?”
“Hiei::r'a' cigar,” said Hatton, pulling out a
drawer which contained a box of good cigars.
“Don't smoke, thank you.” ,
“And you don't drink. Upon»my word you re
p _a model young chap," said I-Iatton, lighting a
H cigar.
bo“I goift think smoking and drinking is good for
- Xéaﬂ yourself a boy, eh?”
“I'll!)lo not nineteen yet, so I suppose I must
3‘ ,y N .1)
»;'y' “:3 33,833 you’re pretty smart. At any” rate,
.-‘ ' ‘ my anut and Mabel say you are, and what they
‘ — say generally goes.” _

“I’m much obliged to them for their good
opinion.” | ‘

“I don't see that on need be. _You’re entitled
to it. Mabel would e under daisies but for you,
and I guess she realizes the fact. By the way,
her father and mother will be back in a few
days. As they think there is no one in the
w Id" like Mabel, I guess the_y’ll overwhelm you
their gratitude for saving their life.”

Hal made _no reply. _
a “say, I might have tipped you off to 8 8004
thing a while _ago,” said Hatton.
“What was it?" _
“The secreta of our company was let in on
the 0. & B. . He made a wad of money out
e“--2%., E  :..s°“P‘e °:.::‘°":::%."2z,%°‘:;
in e a 1 e some g
’ d Hal carelessly.
 yciu? _Went in, I sup
it going up _like_ a rocket.
to post you in time to let you in on the ground
gﬁoor.”

 

 

  
  
   
    
    
 
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
     

se, when you saw

7‘ “I think you ‘ust the same.”
- “Maybe I'll ear something else. If I do I
_'shan’t forget you,” said Hatton in a patronizing

lmizylllueh obliged,” replied Hal. “After the first
. you'll ﬁndme in the Ginger Building, room 911,
gm sixth ﬂoor. I'll ve an oﬂlce to myself

mi call d see 3 A
is, After 801:: furthgri‘-niionversation Hal took his
' have. '03 the ﬁrst of the month he got posses-
‘aian of his office and had his name ainted_on
:.‘3.°x‘.”:.s".§§‘ ‘’‘‘‘’’‘‘’‘i’ “F5 ‘§3’°z°«5°§’et ‘§3'“5s§’ﬁ€§'
- a coupe o a. s , -
“ tickeiidgut in and ‘a safe, and he felt
' 1'0 0 .
~ his folks "a'o'ma‘ "32. see his p1ac_e.
. aunt. His

    

 

AFTER BIG ‘ MONEY

1'1’? I didn't think‘
acquaintance.

 

\.
‘  is good enough for any Wall Street ma ‘ ’
who isn't a plutoci-at,” he remarked. * f

“Yes, it’s quite comfortable _and business-like," .3
replied Hal, complacently, looking arund the room
with a sense of proprietorship.

“I suppose you'll do better now," said his 
father. _ ’

“I hope so. It's expensive to have a. regular
office in this locality.” 

“You can afford it, I guess.” 

“The bigger front one puts on the more he's
thought of in the world,” laughed Hal. .-
“That’s true enough. I think I'd be better of

to-day if I’d begun_as you did instead of ing
to college. Education is a ﬁne thinito ve,
but the hard dollars are better. I ave seen

several college graduates warming the seats in J
our parks on ﬁne days. It seems to me that
the time they put in at their university hasn't
paved the way to fortune for them.”

“It isn’t any fault of their education, I ess.
They haven't got the ability to 2PPly their fram-
ing to some useful purpose. Probably they lack
ambition. They would have been failures, any-
way.’ V

“Well, you aren’t a failure, that's certain, and
I, ¢lon’t see that you’ve suffered much ,
I couldn’t afford to send you to college.” 4

At that juncture, Sam Carter came in and u
soon afterward the three went uptown together.

CHAPTER XI.~—Tlie Hold-Up

A few days afterward, while Hal was reading
the Wall Street news of the day, there came a
knock at his door. .

“Come in,” he said, wondering who his caller , ‘i
was. The door opened and admitted three visitors, 
one of whom was Mabel Fair. The others were 
a ﬁne-looking gentleman of perhﬁps forty-ﬁve

 

andg handsomely dressed lady. al sprang to’ 

his et. gg
“Delighted to see you, Miss Fair,” he said. ‘»‘=‘
“This is m

father and mother, Mr. Hunter," 
she said, wit a smile. 3"
Hal bowed and said he was glad to make their ‘

 
   
    
        

“We,, my wife and I, have called to express,
the deep obligation we feel under to you for“ 
saving our daug-hter’s life when the ﬁre occurred 
at our residence,” said.Mr. Fair, seizing Hal by p
the hand and shakin it warmly. “We feel that _‘ .
we cannot possibly t you enough’, so I trust
you will accept the will for the deed. ’ “_

Hal told him that he hoped he wouldn’t worry
about thanking him enough.

“I feel amply repaid in feeling that I did In ~
duty on that occasion,” he said, “so we’ll let
8'0 at that." _ . _ _ 

The Fairs stayed an hour, duriii which llr. ;,
Fair assured Ha that if he ever co d be of any 
service to him he hoped that the boy would not
hesitate to call on hi . t l - i

“The relpairs are now about completed‘ at
house, so hope we may have the pleasure of neg

   
  
  
 

   
 

    
 

in you there as often as you feel

d Mr. Fair ' , 2
- Hill said he
tatlon.

'wou1dhegla‘(ltAAoaeeeptt.l_ie’hiI,l-v

 
 

  

  

7 «An right. I won’t disappoint you,” answered

.- His visitors then took their leave, Mabel’s
K «father and mother feeling that Hal was a very
 desirable associate for their daughter,‘ as he
’ as seemed to be rapidly getting ahead in the world.
His oﬁice and the fact that he was directly con-
nected with Wall Street in some capacity greatly
impressed them, and Mrs. Fair decided to en-
 %efmsfvt1:1m at home, with an eye to her
g e s» u re._ _ _

It was about this time that a boom started in
L. & M. stock. There had been man _rumors
aﬂoat in the Street lately about is road.
Finally it was reported that it had got control
of a certain small roadthat enjoyed the exclusive
‘ti -of way into an extensive coal ﬁeld, _and
t  the statement was not conﬁrmed officially
arush was made to buy L. & lVI., and as'a con-
sequence the price of the stock Jumped up several

ts. .

pofial thought the stock good enough to buy
. 1,000 shares on margin, and left an order to that
1 effect with Broker Arnold. The shares were
purchased at 85, and an hour afterward L. & M.
was going at 87. It was then one o’clock and
Hal went to a Broad Street cafe for lus lunch.
While eating he overheard _VJl1ree brokers speak-
in about the sudden boom in  d; M. _ _

‘ e of them'i-emarked that in his opinion there
- was no truth in the_ report that the road had
t control of the line that ran into the coal
as, He gave his reasons for believing that
the'rumor was a fake, made by certain interests
to boom the stock so they could unload their
holdings at a proﬁt. Hal got an attack of “cold
eat” over his deal, and as soon as he left the
‘restaurant he ran over to Arnold’s office and
ordered his shares sold at once. _
1 » fnie price was then 87 3-8, and lus stock was
sold at that figure. The sale had hardly been
before the news began to circulate in the
mo

  
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
     

in that the coal road had oﬂlcially denied
1-eport that the L. & M. had got.control of
', L. & M. began to drop right away,
quid inside of ﬁfteen minutes was down to 79, the
: moat which the boom had started.” __

“That was a narrow _escape,_ I had said Hal,
when he learned that his holding had been sold.
».“Only I heard that conversation in_ the cafe I
Jni ht easily have lost five or six thousand
doﬁars. As things stand, I'm $2,000 ahead; but
l.it’s a use of pure luck. I must be more care-
In} in the future how I -«go into these booms that

 ug°§i;:Ii know where I'm at."

. was sitting in his orllice at half—past three

that day when Same came 1!|~

“say, 31, will you come to Brooklyn with
‘ ht?” “

sto-
mg the hooks in. Brooklyn?” asked

“What's on
ne who lives on B—-—-— Street

,.

9,, . V 1 .
’n€:d80°!!1emJﬂ»¢l'lt club there which gives _a
and vaudeville show to-night at their

_ ' . , d told to
47  ”n°et§:mﬁ§§°$'oui3 have anhewell
thonggit you'd like ergo. so I dropped
rm  you.“ {suppose weouxht

 ,. .2 . >7‘ , «J, , ‘J1 

       
     
    
   

  
  
  
    
   
   
  

 

  

  

mm. BIG MONEY

once in‘ awhile, or I may get_

a kickinthe tliathasnumbedjt 1314)‘!!!
“=r°..n;z*s.:.e.. ....::. ... ....... s  

17
take us all of an hour to get to the club—liouae,
which is in South Brooklyn.”

“Very well. I'll shut up shop now, and we’ll
go home together.”

Promptly at seven o'clock Sam called at Hal's
ﬂat, and the boys started for the Brooklyn Bridge,
where they could get a trolley car which would
take them pretty near their destination. They
reached the hall shortly after eight, and Sam
found his friend on the lookut for him. Hal was
introduced and then Sam’s friend took them up
to a good seat near the stage.

The show opened soon after. In addition to
-various vaudeville turns by amateur performers
there were several three—round glove contests be-
tween ambitious youn pugilists, who hoped some
day to get into the melight and make money.’
The show lasted till nearly midnight, and then

‘the spectators ﬁled out into the street.

“It was a ﬁne show, don't you think?” said
Sam, as he and Hal down a dark side
street toward the trolley: line that ran.to the
Brooklyn Bridge.

“Yes, it wasn’t bad,” replied Hal, who was not
so enthusiastic over it as was his companions.

“It will be one o’clock before we get home,”
said Sam, after consulting his timepiece.

H;‘1I guess it will be that easy enough,” nodded

“If I was my own boss like you, I wouldn't
get down till noon to-morrow.”

Before Hal could reply several dark forms
sudden] dashed out at them from the conceal-
ment o an alleyway they had not noticed. The
boys were taken by surprise and overwhelmed
by the attacking party. Both boys were knocked
down and received kicks and thumps enough to
knock them silly. ”

Then they‘ were carried into the alley, thence
down into e cellar of a house, and cleaned out i
of everything of value they had on their persons.
The gang appeared to be satisﬁed and left them

’ to recover at their leisure. It was some minutes 

before Hal gathered his scattered senses together
and sat up in the gloom of the basement.

“Gracious!” he ejaculated. “That was a hold-
up for fair. I feel as if I'd been through a thresh-
ing-machine. We didn't have the ghost of a
chance to defend ourselves. That was a tough  
crowd and no mistake. I wonder how Sam came 3,:
through it? Sam, I say, Sam!" he _called out, '
for he couldn’t make out his companions in the
darkness. , _» /

“Oh, lor’!” groaned Sam, a little way oil’. “Is
that you, Hal.” _

“Yes. How are thin with you?”

“Don’t mention it. ’in _as_ sore as a boil all , ~
over, and my nose feels as if it had been knocked’
endwise. I got a couple of kicks that nearly
caved my ribs in. Where are we, an ay?” , I
“In the basement of some building, I should‘
imagine.”

“I thou ht we were in a swer from the smell.”
“The ench is pretty bad. Come, let's get
out of here.” _

Hal got on his feet. Sam groaned dismally as’

he icked himself

 
       
  
  
  
     

    
    
  
   
  
 

  
    
 

    
    
 
  
 

up.
“ don't believe I .can w

   
  

   

  

R‘

is"

“Where in thunder are the police that people
can be maltreated in this way on a public street?"
~ growled Sam. ' ‘ _ _
“The cops can’t be everywhere at one time.
"The chaps who attacked us probably knew that
the oﬂicer on this post was out of the way at
the time. This sort of thing is a common occur-
rence in some localities. This may be a tough
ward for all we know. I never was over here
before, even in the daytiine.”
I “Have you a match in your’ clothes, Hal?”
N ‘ asked Sam. /
' "I'm sorry to say I haven’t. ‘Those rascals took
‘my match safe, which was a silver one.” ,

"I haven’t a match either, and it's as dark a

an underground dungeon here. We’ll have
’ feel our way.out.” _

Hal started ahead at random, moving cautiously
forward, for he. did not know what obstructions
might lie in his path.
after him. Hal's extended hands lpresently came

 in contact with a rou h stone wa . A
.He feltgalong it til, he came to another wall
standing at right angles, forming one of the
i  corners of the uildin . He followed the second
; , wall, stumbling over t e remains of a barrel, the
 .. . hoops of which get tangled up with his feet and
nearly’ upset him. -
~‘FLook out for the hoops, Sam, if you don't
, '.~.'I,ant to land on your nose,” he said.
. ‘ Even as.he spoke, Sam trod on one of them,
i and it. ﬂew up and hit him a crack on the shin

» that wrung, a bowl from his lipﬁ. _
; ‘ “Whats tile matter?” asked al, stoppgig.
. "‘One of the hoops gave me a rap t t has
‘  my other leg," complained Sam. -
V ‘_ ; oo bad, -old man. I told you to look———”
. .. Here Hal fell over a barrel that was so shaky
« ‘;that_ it collapsed under his weight and let him
—. down on the dirt ﬂoor with a crash.

~ “Now, what's ppened to you ‘!" asked Sam,
5 his mind taken on his own troubles for the mo-

 

   
 
 
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
  

 

  

punk ,wood,'and could not reply at once. _Sam
stepped forward, tripped over his companion's
flue andefsll sprawling on top of him.

iCH_AI"TEB.XII.'--Ina Peculiar Predicament.

Saul)" cried Hal. almost angrily.

 ovoryou before I knew you were
;way,»’_‘. replied Sam- '

“_Well.. let up.‘ You nearly knocked the breath

out of me. It's bad enou h to fall over and into

grreckyod a barrel wit ut you falling all over

 We rnustlook a sight," said Sam, when
 on their feet . '

t can’t be helped. Fol ow me now, and do be
"a 'cd Hal,  forward again.

‘ iproceededa couple o .yards«w1’ohout fur-

 and then Haifa hand ‘struck the
78’ . »

ﬁe said. ."l1ayhe.this isvthe

 
     

  

.°pe

Sam limped painfully.

meat. ~ .
_',;BIl was half smothered by the dust of the i

>i"What in the thunder is the _matter with you, '

dgébr  ngne. »
. up I /id‘ . 

, T10
 h1:h...doore ‘took

AFTER BIG MONEY? '

“Great Scott!” he cried. “I’m getting falls
enough to last me for_a lifetime.”

As he scrambled on his feet the door shut with
a snap, cutting him off from his companion. He
tried to open it, but could get no grip. Then he
pounded on it.

“Sam! Sam!" he shouted.

.“He1lo!” replied a mufﬂed voice on the other
side. “Where have you got to?”

“Push the door open."

Sam pushed in vain.

“I can’t open it,” he said. “There isn't any
knob." *

“Kick it.”

Sam kicked and pushed, but the door seemed
to be solid enough now._At any rate it wouldn't

n. c
.“Here’s a pretty kettle of fish,” muttered Hal.
“Sav, Sam.” «

“Hello!” ~ '

.“I’m in some kind of a passage.‘ Wait where 2 ‘ ‘
Maybe I -.

you are till I investigate the place.

can ﬁnd the way out.” ‘ _
“l’ll wait, but don’t be all night about it.”
Hal moved forward slowly, and soon '

that he was in a kind of tunnel, one side of which

was formed by a straight brick wall, the other .
by a brick ‘surface that curved and lost itself "

in a wall -of dirt. ' This was the upper part of
a sewer, though Hal did not recognize it as such.
He could feel that his feet were treading on hard
dirt, so that he understood he was out of the
cellar, but where the underground passage led
toﬁie ltriald 11110 idea. 1
e et is way aong for perha s ﬁf f

when he reached another door. Hal ‘tried tth 0;:
it, but couldn’t. It was as fast as wax. He
started ahead again and bumped into a solid wall
of earth, which seemed to mark the end of the
passage in that direction.

“I can’t_ go any further, that's clear,” he said
to . himself. “I wonder what this tunnel was
built for?" ‘ '

Turning around he wasabout to retrace his
ste , when the door, -a few feet away, opened
su denly, and a dim illumination shone through.
Two men step d into the tunnel with he in
their hands. '-
both in face and attire.

“Hold on," said one of the men, turning back.

“What's the trouble?" asked the other.

“I forgot somcthin’." . - .
“I’ll go and meet you in the alley," said the

other. i
He proceeded throu h the tu l while his‘
coinpanionre-entered e place t y had come

from, leaving the door ajar. Hal stepped forward
and glanced through the crack in the doorwa .
He saw a cellar that looked like a storeroom. t
was full of cases and bundles. A lantern swung
rfrom the ceiling and fecbly lighted the room. I

The man in question walked through a door ‘‘ h"

at the opgosite end and disappeared. It struck
Hal that ere was a chance for him to get out-
of the foul-smellin tunnel, and escslpie
street through the ouse. .'1‘hen he co

     
   

  
 

Sam was and let out

A ' hgnhrtli’ ion.

..s

ey were rough-looking f we, .

t0 thf 2
so back /
to the alley, ﬁnd thiaﬁgitrance to the cellar where a  '

spur of'the moment for by
time to be M be

      
   
 
      
 

    
 

   
  
  
    
   
    
  
    
   
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
  
   
   
    
  
   
     
     
    
   
  
   
 
   
  
 

man turned and eat out into the tunnel. The
‘ man game back  something inhis hand. and
was making for the door, when there came the
‘ sound of voices from the tunnel. The door was
. ﬂung open and the otlihelrn man appeared, pushing
‘* Sam Carter ahead of ' -_
- “Hello! What does this mean?” demanded
the fellow who had just come from an inner
' part of the cellar.
. "I found this cha
the fellowwho had ‘old of_ Sam. ”
- “What was he doin’ there? Is he a spy‘!
i. asked his compion with a dark look. _
“I don»; knpw_ W3? lie Ii1sn.el He has a companion
"«‘-‘iii ff’““‘.. .ffr’v“ "‘ “ '
,_ useems ,3‘), though I  S66 him. When
I opened the door I came face to face with this.
rooster. ‘Is that you Hal?’ he said. From that
ii judged that there is another nosin’ round in
the passage. The police robably sent ’em to
.;'.:*.;°‘.:: :23. “.3. .‘‘’‘.‘.:‘° :..°‘.;‘.  °?.‘;":unn’°“éi‘
e an rn -
You'll probably find_the other one there.”
- With an imprecation the_other man took down
the lantern and hurried into the passageway:
leaving the cellar in the dark. .
“I tell you I’m not a SPY," P!'°te5te,d 38111: 83
the ontherman left the lace. “My friend and I
,. were rehirning to New ork from a smoker and
‘ show given by the Neptune Boat Club. As we
came down this street we were set W011 by 3
{gang of toughs, who knocked spots out of us,
‘carried us into the cellar where you found me.
robbed us and then left 3. We were trying to
Wont of the blamed place when my friend fe_ll
gh a door which then slammed tight in
face, leaving me in the cellar. That’s the

in the exit cellar,” said

“So|:1d:ya.lt0g'ethe1' too thin, young feller,” said
Sam's cap_tor. _ ”
police to investigate around here.

‘ “No such ' . I'm a Wall Street inessen ,1‘.
and haven't an ' to do with the police. his
iltheﬁrst time ebeeninBrooklynina
D!

u ' partn ’ll t on
llﬁgouzh iafoluryaﬁurol sproieits,w:nd nd liuit
‘all about you. so youd_ better sav_e your hm?‘-
~. man‘ the ty of trying_to convince
ﬁg, mm 9: the , remained silent. In a
‘tow minutes the other chap returned and closed

door. I a .
, - - th tu 1'' 11 d.
u-q"”‘°’°,..... ;;.‘i*m'£?x.°2.°£.t.i‘3. .i§1.’$fc’a.:.° fseller
 a ecmpwim . . . ‘
1}. know about it is his remark which seem-
that he had a pa.rtne!'- H¢_'8’i|13t
me 3 game of tatfy’ about him and

rbeenjumpedon yaganginthe
were 'comin’ from a smoker at
 ' they were thrown into the
" - cellar and cleaned out”. .

arm’; the truth." chipped m Sam» m°r°u31>'-

asked the man

   
  

 

  
  

 
 

  

 BIG MONEY _

“I reckon you were sent by the ’

have got into the tunnel anyzay from the other
cellar. It’s all rot to tell me fell in by accident.
He couldn’t do it.” _

“He went through the door ‘all right,” replied
Sam, doggedly. . _

The man with the lantern didn't seem disposed
to argue the matter with him. It was clear he
didn't believe Sam's statement. .

“Fetch him along,” he said to his companion.
“Hoover must know about this. It looks as if
the police are gettin’ on to our headquarters at
last. We'd better not go out to-night, for there
may be detectives at.both ends of the block.
This kid doesn't look much like a member of
the plain-clothes force, but you never can tell.
It won’t do for us to take any chances. Whether

he's workin’ for the police or not he's seen too»

niuclﬁ ‘for our good and will have to walk the
p an .’
There was evidently some dark meaning behind

the words, “walk the plank” not apparent either.
to the unfortunate Sam or the concealed Hal:

Hal realized that he and his chum had tumbled
from the frying-pan into the tire, for it was evi-
dent they had fallen upon the headquarters of
some crooked gan ._

The rooinin w ch hewas mdmg 
d was

to be a store-room of some kind, an

pretty well"satisﬁed that its contents represented
stolen property. After han ' g up the lantern,
the two men marched Sam t ugh the door into
the other part of the cellar, and thence some-

where upstairs, for Hal could hear their footsteps»

ascending a ﬂight of steps. ‘A door banged shut
and then silence su . _

I .:———

CHAl’TER XIII.——Hal Saves Sam.

Hal came from his hiding place and wallciifg to
the door through which  chum and the two
men had passed looked into the other part of
the cellar. It contained a long table, half a
dozen chairs and -a miscellaneous assortment of

s—enou h,.in fact, to furnish a small store.‘

al had li e doubt as to the character of the
place. ‘It was a thieve's den. He entered the

room and started up the stairs, for it was his‘

purpose to rescue Sam at any risk.

Opening the door at the head of the stairs,
he stepped out into a dark corridor or en . A

learn of light shot under a door close at

al lided to it and placed his eyes at the
keyho e. The voices of several men came plainly
to his ears, but the k _
a view of them. He took it for granted that
Sam was in there, but how he was going to help
him under the c was more than he
could ﬁgure out.

“If 1 could get out of the building and and a‘ -— ‘ 
saved and the place"

policeman Sam would be
pinched," he thought. ,
Actinlg on this idea. Hal felt his way
the wal
of the house. His hand came in contact with‘
another door leadin into a room on the same
side of the entry w ere the lighted room ‘was.
No light came under the sill of this
the boy ventured to turn the he ~’l’hci
opened and Hal looked into a black void.

 

  

i

19_ V

eyliole did not command“ '

    
  
  
  
 

1 _
toward. what he supposed was the 333

    
   
  

    

 20

moment, that is, if he had had a dollar in his
clothes. He felt around with his extended arms,
liken person who is stone blind, as he advanced.
There was no carpet on the ﬂoor, so he had to
tread on his tiptoes to avoid making a noise.
Suddenly he noticed a thin jet of light which
. , . seemed to come through a keyhole, and the sound
of voices reached his ears. He judged that this
room communicated with the one in which he
giesumed Sam and his captors were. Taking off
' shoes as a further precaution, Hal made his
way to the door without meeting with any kind
of an obstruction, which gave him the impression
‘that the room was a vacant, unfurnished one.
”, ' Reachinﬁla pair of foldin doors he stopped and
rough the keyho e. Now he had a full
View of the lighted room and its occupants.
There were three men in there, two of whom
were the oneshe had seen in the cellar, and Sam-
His chum was seated in a common chair and
bound with a rope passed around his body and
the back of the chair. He didn’t look very hap y,
while his garments were rumpled and dirty. al
_.  put his ear to the keyhole in order to hear what
/ ', was said in the room. He didn’t hear much, for
the-man in the chair had passed upon Sain’s
caaeand was instructing his companions. to go
to the exit cellar. as they called it, and see if
could ﬁnd any evidence of the ‘other boy
Sam had claimed was with him. The speaker,
’ whom name was Hoover, and the leader of the
that occupied the cellar and other parts of
/ nilding, examined Sam’s bonds, and then
followed his associates downstairs. As soon as
Hal was satisﬁed thatthey were out of the way
he tried the folding doors and found that they
were locked. He then slix?ied into the entry and
hurried to the side door 0 the other room, which
' » entered and presented himself before the as-
tonished eyes of Sam. »
_ “Lor’, Hal, where have you been hiding?” he
, exclaimed. "I s’pose you know all about the men
 ' here. They have just gone hunting for you. If
*» mu want to save me and escape with your own
' e .cnt me loose quicker, than Jersey lightning
and let.us get out of thisman-tra if we can.’
-. ‘ “Cut out your talk, for we mi .t be heard,"
' said Hal, seizing a jack-knife w ich lay on a
— small table and getting to work on Sam's bonds,
rwhich be severe in art order. As soon as he
r was free Sam went to the table, ulled open the
"drawer and took out a revolver, _lly loaded.
-. “The rascal who sat here and is the boss of
the coop, threatened me with.that and then put
it back. It may come in handy for us.”_
‘“'!'ako of ‘our shoes, Sam, and follow me,”
‘ QM’ Hal, gra hing a box of matches from the I
; ‘table, and starting for the door. .
‘“ ‘ were soon out in the dark hall. Hal
’ the door at the head of the basement
‘ ' _ and listened, but he sounds came up from
 Striking a match, he led the way to the
‘ trout-‘door, which was level with the sidewalk.
 heavilybolted, locked and further secured

Avbiglhey found no great diﬂculty in

 

 
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
  
     
  
 
   
    
 

 

      
       
   
  
 

 
  

 
  
 
 
   

_wa‘yPto the big bridge.
, ‘me $25; a scarfpin that I paid

A “Aho e ,dollar.in
*1-.4  agraocia 

AFTER BIG MONEY

as they had taken particular note of the buildin
and its location in the block, they felt they wo
be able to describe it accurately enough for the
police to find it.

“If we knew where the nearest police station _,~

was we could _go there. at once and perhaps get
those chaps pinched right away,” said Sam, as

they walked along. ,

. “We don’t know anything about the location
of_ the Brooklyn police stations, so those rascals
will have. every chance to get away, which they'll
lose no time in doing as soon as they ﬁnd that
you have made your escape,” replied Hal.

Three blocks further on they noticed a couple
of green lamps standing in front of a building
up a cross street. V

“That looks like a police station,” said Hal.
“Come, let’s go. and see if it is not."

They found it was a station, and told their
story to the man at the desk. The assault made ,
upon them by the tough gang was such an old
story in the neighborhood that the oﬂicer seemed
to be hardly interested in their woes, but the
moment Hal mentioned the tunnel between the
two cellars, and the rooms full of what he said
he thought were stolen goods, the man pricked
up his ears at once. He listened with attentioir
now.

“Did you take note of the house when you-
came awn ?” he said.

“We dl - It is on the south side of E—--
Street, about the middle of the block and east‘
of — Avenue. It is a three-story house, and
the third one west of the alle opposite which
we were assaulted,” replied Hall

A couple of detectives were called in, and Hie
boys were directed to repeat their sto to them,
which they did. The sleuths knew thexhouse and,
after learning all the ho s had to tell them, "with
a couple of regular po icemen, started for the
place. The boys were detained riding the re-
sult of the raid. A couple of ogzers were sent

out to try and find some of the members of the ~_j
gang that had attacked and robbed Ha ‘

an Sam. a

After}; this ldapse of art: hog: gilie of police?
menwoagoneouwi ee
turned to the station and reported that th:
in_g had been taken possession of b the pohce
Wlthvall its contents. - They had bro en into the
building, only to find that the men themselves»
had taken time by the forelock and disappeared.
A large quantity of stolen property was found
in this cellars, and this had been seized. As there
seemed no likelihood that the rascals comprising
the gang _who had occiégiied the house would be
capture immediately, e boys received permu-
SldO1l tga go home. d hcghjost no tlfmetin  8
avan geo i an ca ingacar or e ri
having borrowed a quarter to pay their way home.
_“Gee! We had a great adventure tonight, all
right,”' said Sam, as they were bowling their

  
      
  
   
   
  
 
   

d rather be excused from such adventures,” '-
replied Hal. “I'm out a good watch that cost
:3 for; a match .-

ul mo‘: -29 . 
“They didn’t get much from me," chuckled’ ‘ ‘ ‘3
i change and a searfph 

   

safe worth about a dollar, and

   
 

   

,5‘:

  .e'-<3-W!
' .1 .41

:1 ’ V ' - AFTER BIG MONEY

/‘

to a tailor’s to be cleaned and pressed. ’Add the

cost of that to our loss and our mghts enter-
_ tajnment may be reckoned up as~having _cost us
g. 350 eg5ﬂy.». Rather expensive, without taking into
'4 .consideration the kicks and pounding we recelved
. .£z-am the toughs. By the way. hogv are your legs
 that were so lamaeum_thl¢ta ct=gl:.§‘,?

“ i n .

 HI2l.etd:Zdn§3alm tooltga Third Avenue elevated
 train uptown, got off at 125th street station and
. walked over to Seventh Avenue. It was four

o'clock when they parted in front of Hal s ﬂat,

_ and both felt pretty tired and rocky.

 

CHAPTER XIV.-Sam's Tip Brings Hal 8
Sinall Barrel of Mane?-

', As Hal had nothing particular on his hands,
he did not reach his oﬂice until noon, but 
had to report ‘at his usual hour, rather against
his will. The market was lively that day and
Sam had to run his legs off till after three o'clock

31. carrying messages for his employer. Finally,
‘hen he was prepatin to leave the oﬁice for
an dgy, his boss call him into his room and
handinghimanote told himtotake ittqthe
Oﬁce‘ of a certain b_ig operator and hand it to
, him in person, as it_ was very important and
,' must be delivered right away. Sam took the
f7 note, but when he reached the man's oﬂice fhe
_‘ was told that the operator had_Just left or
 home on Staten Island. “
.. «Gee; Times tough," grumbled Sam. Mr.
_«' Parsons says it is important and must be deliv-

: “Threlnghttafewdycar and make a bee-line for the
Stateh Island ferry,” replied the clerk. “You
mag catch the boat that he takes. _ _ .

. e caught a car and this carried him within

3 31,0;-g distance of the Staten Island ferry-house.

3’. He made a dash for the boat, which he saw was

‘9— in the slip, but after buying a ticket so he could

’..— on the boat and hunt for the ope,"-t91‘. he

I and the gate was shut and the boat Just leav-

‘ 1‘ in, its slip There was no other way out of the

, Ijliﬂiculty,  Sam waited till the next boat came
-’ In, when he went aboard .

ward on the lower deck. TwentY ,m1m1t93 19-tel‘

“- he rang the bell at the house and asked for M!‘-

f'.; ]3¢]1ew_ The servant showed him into the parlor

‘g’ and went to the operator’s library, where he was

A l.n,i’-I"
I .

_ ,engaged with a visitor._ to inform him that a
,_  boy had called to see him. ,
 ~ “P11 see him in a minute,” said Mr. Bellew.
 So ‘Sam was left in the P81‘1°1' t° 9-Waihthe
ll’ operator’s pleasure. He had taken_ a chair near
one of the windows and amused himself lookin
. out on the street. Thewarmth of _the 1'00!!! 811
 general weariness soon made him feel done)’.
and in 3 few minutes he was sound asleep. Halli
‘ _ an hour passed, and it is probable that Sam_ wou
 have slept on until the operator came looking for
Vliini and aroused him if it hadnt been f9!‘ the
jg fact that his head fell over aga_inst the window-
Iill and the shock woke him 119- . .
» f£Gee! I've been asleep," he muttered, sitting
up‘ and feeling the sore sP0t 0" 1*“ head-
—  e looked at the gilt oi-inolu clock on t e man-
and saw that he had been dead to the world
 f thirt minutes. —
égéthfig. Belleallias overlooked the fact

 
 
  
  
   
  

and took a seat for-

21

that I’m here,” he said to himself. “I'll have
to step outside the front door and ring the bell
so as to let him know that I'm on the premises.
I don’t want to stay here all night.” 7

He started for the hall and opened the door.
The sound of voices reached his ear, and he saw
Mr. Bellew bidding good-by to his visitor.

“I’ll ex ect to hear in the morning that you
have got orsey into the pool," he was saying.
“That will complete tlie combine, and then I'll
order Parsons to go ahead and buy every share
of_  & D. in sight. We ought to make several
millions out of this deal, for the stock is now

.way down, and I wonldn’t be surprised if we

1'811‘the.{)111';c: up thirty points.
Sam sitting

Good-night."
ator entered the parlor ‘he found
emurely on a chair near. the door

' waitingfor him. He took the note, read it and

then said there was no answer. Sam took his
leave and started for the ferry, his mind full
of the pointer he had accidentally overheard.
After supgier Sam made a break for Hal’s house
and foun him reading the evening paper after
ﬁnishing his supper.

f‘He_llo, Sam! I thought you’d be in bed about
this time, making up your lost sleep,” laughed

a .
“Don’t you worry about my lost sleep. I came

gver to see you on important business,” replied
am.

“Well I’m waiting to hear all about it.”

Sam ost no time in telling him what the tip
was and how he had managed to get on to it.
Hal thought it was worth taking a chance on,
and promised Sam that he would do it and give
him ten per cent of whatever he made of it.
Sam then went home and turned in for a long‘
sleep. Next morning Hal made some inquiries
about F. & D., and found it was selling lower
than it had done for a year. It was now ruling
at 82, and Hal bought a couple of thousand shares
at that ﬁgure, giving his order, as usual, to
Broker Arnold. Sam called on him that after-
noon to ﬁnd out what he had done, and Hal told
him that he had secured 2,000 shares. After
talking a while on the subject the boys went home
together. _

Several days passed before there was any no-
ticeable movement in F. & D. and then it began
to go up to 85. On the following day it went
to '7, and Hal decided to risk buying another
1,000 shares. Two days later it was going at
90, and the brokers were after it by the score.
As it continued to advance under heavy buying
orders, the traders, satisﬁed that a pool was be-
hind it, fell over themselves in their eagerness
to get in on a good thing themselves. Then the
small speculators began to take a hand, and the
stock boomed in earnest, going to 98 in a couple
of hours. Hal alternated between Mr. Arnold's
oﬂice and the gallery of the Exchange. This was
by far the biggest deal he had ever been con-
nected with and he was not a little excited. He
saw that he was sure to make big money if
he didn’t hold on too long. Sam had said it was -
liable to go up 30 points, but Hal wasn't going
to diance it doing that As soon as it passed
par he began to seriously consider the question
of taking proﬁts. The stock was booming like .
wildﬁre at the time, and he hated to draw out
too soon and thus lose a good bit of the c
Still, there .was no telling when the limitavouﬁ '
be reached. - The stock was beginning to look mp. 

 

 ; 22

heavy to him, and he thought that all that ke t
it mounting higher was the excitement, and e
fact that no large blocks of it were thrown _on
the market. The syndicate had no doubt _pro_vid-
wed against that by securin all the shares in sight
before the boom commence . Thousands of shares
were now changing hands right along, and Hal
began to re that the members of the pool
were unloa ing their holdings.

It's time for me to t out and be on the safe
side," he told ,himsel when he saw the stock
quoted at 108 and a fraction, so he rushed around
to Arnold's omce and told the cashier to have
his 3,000 shares sold right away. After lunch
he called at his. broker's and learned that all
his shares had been disposed of at 108_ 3-8, giv-

him a proﬁt of $73,000; Out of this amount
there would be $7,300 coming to Sam. That
would leave Hal worth a little over $100 000 in
cash. It will therefore not b» wondered at if
he returned to his oﬂice feeling as if he were
one of the ﬁnancial kings of Wall Street.

c-jo

CHAPTER XV.—Hal Secures a Valuable Piece
of Information.

F. & D. closed at 110 that da , and at half-
sst three Sam called at Hal's cc to see how
iigs were coming on. _ ’
“I sold.out a couple of hours ago,” Hal said.

“Good” rep ed Sam, with sparkling «eyes.
“What did ogou get?” '
“I got 1 3-8. I have ﬁgured that there will

7 be somethin like $7,000 coming to y ."
,. “Great jawbonesl Have you made $70,000 prof-
it out of this deal?” -

“As near as can calculate I have." _

“Glory, hall ujah! Seven thousand is a mint

me, and all made out of a tip I accidentally
cornered. My folks will have a tit when I show
the still!’ up. I'll buy a house now somewhere
lid, rent it to the old man, that is, if he can
aﬂord to come up with a suitable rent. If he
can't‘ I'll ha a first mortgage on somebody else’:
house and low the income in on myself. B_et
your life I’m goingto be a swell guy after this,
wen if I'm only a messenger."-

Sam swelled up like a. turkey gobbler over his
great luck. He walked into his home that after-
noon with the air of a millionaire. When the
‘ flmilv had about ﬁnished supper he remarked in
an oil’-hand way that he had some idea of bug-
lng a suburban cottage furnished with all t e
modern conveniences.

“Has somebody been making you a present of
 I few thousand dollars down in Wal Street?”
 asked his father satirically. ' '

7. “No, sir. I expect to make all I get," replied
Sun. “I have just made $7,300 oil‘ a tip on the
stock market.” _ ,

-‘‘Sam.'’ said his father, severely, “I suppose
d that as a joke, but I can't sax that

    
   
  
    
  
    
   
   
 

    
  
 

   
  

   
   

‘l ‘ inten k _ 1
8 en 8e!'10l1S .
is no joke‘ a P0 y
and
, having reachedthepoint he had

relish such. jokes when
 re bout it. I've made the
money, I'll be in a position to prove it in

or two.”

' at«—-the of $109s000——
he  ambition to make

  

   

$3.
- ..,

AFPER BIG MONEY

ously the question as to whether he should keep
on and try to make it a quarter of a million
dollars along the same lines or hang out his
sign as a regular broker and try to build up a
legitimate business.
cesses he felt that marginal speculation was
rather a desperate method of getting rich. He
knew that luck, more than jud ent, had
landed him where he was, and his luc might 5:;
back on him at any moment, and in an hour h

or more than half of his pile might be swept
awa from him by some unfortunate deal One
hun red thousand dollars is a whole lot of money,
and Hal didn't want any of it to get away from
him. As the days passed he couldn't make up
his mind just what to do.

Summer was now on and Mr. Fair hired a
cottage at Southampton, a fashionable Long
Island watering place, for his wife and daughter
to spend the season. Hal received an invitation
to spend a week with them, and accepted. He
was to down on a Saturda afternoon and
stay until a week from the fa lowing Monday.
Accordingly he took the 2.10
Mabel met him at the station with her dog cart,
and drove him to the cottage. —

After dinner she put on some of her ﬁnery
and Hal escorted her to one of the hotels to at-
tend the Saturda night hop. They had a splen-_
did time, for hot were good dancers, and they
enjoyed every moment of the evening. The dance

roke up at twelve o'clock, and Hal took his
charming partner home under the glorious ra
of the ful moon. The soft beauty of the ni t
had i effect on both of the Young people, and
they me more conﬂdentia than usual. In
fact, it was a case of spoons with both of them,‘
and when Hal retired to rest he felt that Mabel
was more to him than she ever had before.
Hal was always an early riser, and next morn-
ing_ he was up before any of the family were
astir. It was a magniﬁcent morning, and he
started out for a walk down the deserted beach.
Reaching a sheltered spot at the‘ far end of the
besch,‘.Hal sat down under the shadow of a pile
of rocks and dreamily watched the rippling water

laplthe beach whilehis thoughts dwelt on Mabel.’

Suddenly he was aroused by the sound of voi
and he soon me aware that two men h
come to a halt on the other side of the rocks
within easy earshot. The men, who he soon dis-
covered were brokers Grantley and Spencer, were
talkin about the W. P. & Y. Trolle Co., a
_Westc ester’ corporation which had longlxeen put
into the hands of a receiver by the bondholders.
The fact was no secret in Wall Street. and the
stock of the road, which had 9. ar value of $25
wasehardly ever quoted new in t e market report
because nobody wanted to buy it at any prl
as it was considered a fore ne conclusion tliﬁ
the  would ere lon be so d under the hammer
in the interest of the ndholders, in which case
the stockholders would in all probabiliy be wiped“
out. One thing was not known in all Street,
and that was a movement had been under way
for some time on the quiet of
a big railroad that operated in‘
tyto secure a controlling interest iuthe afore-
said stock. The directors of the said railroad
owned the “bulk of the bonds of

the
andwereﬁguringou ¢wt 

 
  
   
   
    

    
 
   
   

  
  
   
 

.amm»'ss.a.s~u“‘   I

   

Notwithstanding his suc- '

.in. train, and .

thedirectors /
estoliestercoun-i’

  

    
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
  
  
     
    
   
   
  
  
  
    
   
 
  
 
 
  

   

 committee with the view of rescuing the road
from its troubles; ‘ In order to block this move
‘Hie directors hired brokers Grantley and Spencer
to purchase 50,100 shares of the stock by hook
or crook at the present_ uncertain value. Hal
learned this fact as he sat under the rocks, an
interested listener to the conversation‘ of the two
, brokers. He also learned that they had secured
In to date 45,000 shares, which was all they
seemed able to get. — ‘
’ “Unless we can get a line on old John Harding,
zwho holds a 5,000 share certiﬁcate, we are
blocked," said Grantley. .
I “But how are we going to ﬁnd him? We’ve
_. trying to locate him for a month, and we've
- failedrntterly,” replied Spencer.
“I give it up. Hello, who's this cliap,coming
this way?” .
"That's one of» the hotel bellboys. J I'll bet he’s
bringing us a message.” ‘
1 3 _The boy came up and handed Grantley a West-
‘ {ern Union envelope. The broker tipped him a
quarter, and then tore open‘ the dispatch.
“Eureka!”-he exclaimed. “Harvey has found
Harding.” ,
Z “The deuce he has! Where?”
' “At Clinton. on the Boston ‘road, near the Con-
 State line. Living with his niece, a Miss

“Then the game will be in our hands,” said
' pencer in a tone of satisfaction.
" "Doiibtless. You must take an early train to-
morrow morning, say the ten o'clock one, for Clin-
‘ton, see Harding. and buy the “certiﬁcate. He has
no idea, of course, that he holds the key to a very
important situation. and will robably be glad to
Sell the stock'that has been a rug on the market.
flake the best terms you can and telegraph me
the result.” - * -
.. “I'll do it: but I can't go before one o'clock, as
2 have an important engagement which I must
Lop. . There's _no rush, [for nobody but ourselves,
I ma sa . knows where Hardin lives.
on. Let's -go to the hotel for bi-ea a_st.”
whereupon they walked away, learvingoan un-
listener-—-Hal I-Iunter—in possession of

‘their valued piece oi information.

 

:4caAP'ri-in XVI.—Tiu-ninglithe Tables on the
} 9 Wall Street Brokers.
, “I have caught on to a mighty valuable
information. It strikes me that I can

  

. 0”!

.  -myself tomorrow morning by an early
‘ 2. and buying that certiﬁcate of stock from
3.25:‘? - . Then I will hold the ke to a very im-
 - situation, and ought to in e 8 20nd haul

3; 3. . .
 way back tothe cotta he arranged to
‘ .... the two brokers, in get possession of
shares of W. P. &Y. stock. During the
_ 5 toltllabel that business of the__ greatest
— I .  would takehim to New York the first
 _~fiu the  but that Fe’

7 afternoon

  

“we
4

 

  
   

train. She hated to have

 »  m to his

  

     
 

Come 7

I ‘,'weii,'" ‘breathed. Hal,_after the -brokers had‘

I the tables on those‘ gentlemen by K°iD8' to I

hoped to come ‘

 _ .,-!_¢V¢!.|i_
and 5

\

- "AFTER BIG LIONEY

 

reached the city about nine o'clock. Go‘ to his 
safe deposit box he gotmore money t an he i
thought he’d need and then took a Third Avenue
elevated train for the Grand Central depot, which
he reached in time to catch the Shore Line local.
which would stop at Clinton. He‘ arrived at the
small town about eleven and began making in-
Guiries about Mr. John Harding. He learned
that the old man lived on a small farm about a
mile out of town. Hiring a rig he drove out to
the place. A slender young woman was sitting
on the veranda. l
“Does John Harding live here?” asked Hal.
“He does,” she replied. ;, —
“I should like to _see him."
_‘‘You will ﬁnd him in the sitting-room. Step
right in."
. Hal stepped into the sitting-room and was soon
stating the object of his visit to the old man.
“How much will you give for the stock?” asked
Harding.
“Well, I can't give you'much, for it hasn’t any
quoted value.” '
“Well. how much?” '
“A dollar a share." '

uYeS.n ' .

“I’ll take you if you've brought the cash to pay
for it down on the nail.” ,

“I’ve got the money. Make out a bill of sale
so that I can prove that I bought the stock if
any question should come up about it.”

“What question could come up? You ‘hand me
the money and I'll hand you the stock. That
ought to be enough." . _ .

Hal, however, insisted on a bill of sale. and the
old man made it out and signed it, had his niece T
witness it. handed it to the boy with the stock _»...
and in turn received the $5,000. I-lal then bade
the old man good-by, ‘returned the rig to the
stable where he had hired it, and took the next
train for New York. Pinning the bill of sale to  ~
the certiﬁcate, Hal put both in his safe deposit =
box and then. went to lunch. An hour later he ,
was on his way back to Southampton. Hal spent.
the week with the Fairs. and enjoyed eve mo-
ment of the time. which he assed mosty in 
Mabel’s society. He was bac in his otﬁce at , _,
eleven o'clock on the following Monday. About 
tihree o'clock that afternoon a rap came on his’ 

oor. .  .

“Come in.” said Hal,‘and in walked Broker. -,‘

Gnantley. H » 
011 are 8!‘?! Hunter. I believ ?” ' ‘ "
trader, taking the seat beside the boy's dais t.h‘.’f

‘"l‘hat’s.my _name.” answered Hal. .

“My name is Grantley. I am a stock broke:
I uiiltlieﬁtalnd §ha“t"yiI),ll ‘have in your pbssesgjdn’ 
sma oco ..&Y.Tlle ..;.«
5,000 shares?" , to y co‘ 

ages, sin; ~ .

011 bur ased this last Ma r
Harding, of the town of ciinconinihy °‘ 3°,“

 

     
     
   
 
      
  
 

  
   
     
 

        
  

‘ “I did.” . _ »~ ~— »-
thgqhéltaixéklzpask liowyou learned that H K‘ "  
».,3"‘::.::.s%**..:5 “"-"“‘;?°'.* '°°'°*~*'r».**=*=-*- » c  

  
  

....‘£.“.-»»,'s*:'*'°“i.. .,v-‘~,'?"“‘?f",’?°“""!‘*'i"""

  

 24

“I haven’t made up my mind just what I will
ask for it.”

“I will give you $10,000, that is $2 a. share,”
said the broker, taking out his check-book.

“No, sir; I Vvon’t sell at that price. ' I under-
stand that the reorganization committee of the
stockholders is looking for these shares to com-
plete the control of the road. I think it is likely
that the comniitee will be willing to pay more than
the sum you have mentioned.”

“Then I will raise my offer to $15,000. How
does that strike you?”

“It doesn't strike me at all.”

“Twenty thousand, then.”

“I will not sell until I have asked for a bid from
the committee.” , _

“The ‘committee won't give as much as that.”

“I'll run the risk of it.”

“I'll make you one more oﬁ‘er, but it is my limit.
I'll give you $25,000 for that stock.”

Hal shook his head, whereupon Grantley rose
and left the room with a frown on his face. He
was back again in a few minutes, but this time

he was accompanied by Spencer and a young lady.

Hal recognized as Miss Smith.
l°“Do you know this young lady?” asked Grant-

y.

“By sight, yes. She is Mr. Harding's niece.”

“She says the certiﬁcate _of W. P. & Y. stock
you bought from Mr. Harding _was her property
and she demands it back. She is ready to return
you the money you paid her uncle for it.”

“I bought the stock in good faith, and hold
Harding's bill of sale for it, so I refuse to give it
up.» .

“Then she will have you arrested.”

“Very well; let her do it.”

Grantley looked around the oﬁce, and then

went to Hal's desk.

‘“Just hold this chap, Spencer, while I look
 V around." ’
 Spencer seized Hal. and Grantley, not ﬁnding
' what he wanted in the piegon-holes, yanked out

one of the drawers of the desk. Crunching a

newspaper in his hand he dropped it on the ﬂoor,

lighted it with a match and umped several let-
tars from the drawer on _the blaze. _
“Tell me where that bill of sale is or I'll burn
the rest of these.” he said.
“You'll never learn from me," replied Hal de-
ﬁantly. ‘
“Then here goes.” .
Hal put up a big struggle, but Spencer held
him powerless, with one hand over his mouth.
‘ Grantley then poured the rest of the letters on
the blaze. At that critical moment Sam Carter's
startled face a peared above the transom. He had
heard the lou , excited talk inside, and iindin
the door locked climbed up and peered throug
the transom. Taking in the situation at a glance,
8am disappeared. Grantley now looked for more
 to burn. and as he seized another drawer
 of papers, which happened to be unimpor-
vhnt,.the_ door communicating with the patent
(Agency was suddenly onenegi. and Sam. the Jam-
.3‘: and the lawyer rushed into the room. _
 this mean!” roared the janitor,
toward the fire and stampin it out.

 

 

   
   
   
     
 
  
 
  
   
 
    

(is. up. G
__hxnx-

  am...

   

 

rantley," ‘sax Spencer.

I

AFTER BIG MONEY

Qpening the corridor door, he hurried Miss
Smith and Grantley outside. Hal quickly ex-
plained what had happened.

“You're going to have them arrested, of
course,” said Sam.

“NO, I don’t want to disgrace them. They
haven't done me any great injury, for those let-
ters amounted to nothing, while I have turned the
tables on them by getting possession of a block
of stock that they wanted badly."

Later on Hal explained the situation to Sam,
and they had a good laugh over the discomture
of the two brokers. Next day Hal visited the at-
torney of the reorganization committee and
offered the stock to the committee for $50,000.
His oﬁer was accepted and the deal was duly 1:
through. That made Hal worth $150,000. Aftgr
further consideration he decided to start in the
regular brokerage business. He secured a part-
ne in an experienced young man who had repre-
sented a well-known broker in the board room for
several years. Under the name of Day & Hunter
the ﬁrm prospered from the start, and today one
of the most substantial houses in Wall Street.

Soon after the ﬁrm began business. Hal asked
Mr. and Mrs. Fair for the hand of their daugh-
ter Mabel. and received their consent. Of course
the girl had given hers. Hal and Mabel were
married two years later, and took up housekeepin
in a nice little house at Larchmont-on-the-Soumf,
where they still live. And there frequently comes
Sam Carter. who is ever a welcome visitor. Ho
and Hal never tire of talking about old times
when Hal was hustling after big money.

Next week's issue will contain ’“A YOUNG
LUMREB KING: .OR, THE BOY WHO
WORKED HIS WAY UP." ~

=‘Z-.‘I*.i'«-.“~."£-3%’-...*“’**-'21‘-'*i-::.*.i"E=.-.-.

Makes a Good ‘Present

Ladies’ House Dress (34-38) $1.10. now
$.80. limited.
Ladies’ silk Rayon (34-48) $4.25. now $2.30.
very limited.
Ladies’ setteen Dreu (34-36) $2.50. new
$1.25, very limited.
Ladies’ English Broadcloth (38), $5.00, now
‘$533’ let” ¢ih"lM' om F mi Ii rd
iii-o ucory reew eac 0 er.
Sent by P. P.. C 0. D.

KING'S. 609 Oneida St. Syracuse. N. I. ’

Be A Dctecﬁvc

Make Secret Investigations
Earn Big Money. Work home or travel.

Fasciniagting _work. Excellent rtu.
Ill, xperience unnecessary . artic-
ula -free Write:

GEORGE R. WAGNER
Fonimv Govonnuat Doueﬁu
1968 Broadway. New York

 

1:oBAcco .9.'..§;g..:'-..':_*;='° 

     
 
 

    

T Charlie Cooper’s Curves

THE STAR PLAYER or THE
. UNKNOWN NINE

By Gaston Game

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER xix.
The Fire.

Thisdwas good news to the ho , for he had
' ' w-- to think a great deal of pikes since he
, » reformed, and more especially because he had

"vedluslife.

jwie West and the boys about it. _

‘It was on a Friday that_they_ arrived at the

WA‘ they did not do any practice that day.

A t was too late when they t to the hotel for

that, and as the roads ha 11 dust _and the
" ' awarm one,'Roberts thought it a visable to

the!” have a rest.

The ton team was a much stronger
than had played last, _and that meant
they h to play a good, stiﬂ' ganie.

hero retired rather early that night.

Harry Hodge was his roommate, and they

~ soon sound asleep.

How long they slept they did not know, but
0 happened to wake up, and as he was

the act of turning vet and dropping oi!

-hewasastonished seeaburstof anie
e in the room. from beneath the door.
was wide awake instantly.

“war .11 !”h 'd,sei' h’ -
- T. » 1,; ‘ii; gligfder .‘i..$:“'§1.a1.a..'é”E:...‘.‘ ’3%'n’.‘e

. ‘ ~ isxaﬁre

Hodge tumbled t of bed ina hurry.

It was at that iciibment that the cry of “T4‘ire"
 from one of the windows of an adjoining

‘ The two boys were now amused to a sense of
. t was happening.

‘-‘Fire! Fire ”«they both shouted‘.

Then it was that Charlie suddenly thought of
Sue the fair young girl should be in dan-
= her life? _ _

~ ran to the door and swung it open as quick-
.he could turn the key _to permit it.
.Charlie knew enough to Jump back from the
’  as he did this. \ ,

« he saw that the tire seemed to be right
»'the door of his room.

- two boys had hurriedl put on their cloth-
they each grabbed}: eir riP5_H°“{;
— on, Harry “exclaimed rlie. Leap
,_ e are! It _isn’t much ‘of spine, and
able to put it out." - ’
ajump and passed throuzh the ﬂmﬂ
»elearofthem. ‘ “

gvurisht
“F

    
   
  
   
 
   
  
   

     

    

   
  
  
  
  
  

    

  

 
  
  
 

  

FAME AND  WEEKLY.

   
   
 
   
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
   
   

I I‘

C1;‘Di>_n’t  any watt:-1 on it,b tht¢la1n!” cried
ar ie ca ing an exci man e arm in
tiinehtmgtop him from hurling a pitgher of water
on e re.

Then he began rigping up the carpet.

The others J_unipe in to his assistance.

The next _minute they were piling the carpet
on the lire in front of the door.

Charlie _fearless_ly jumped upon it and be-
gan taeading 0;): it%_while Hanydbaat eoiut the
aze a was urs ing out aroun e ge.

The 51811 watshﬁllbeld with smoke, but ltlhegy fought
on, an soon e aze was ext'n i .

But then it was discovered tliatpilfere was an-
other ﬁre at the front of the building, and that
some of the ests of the hotel were shut of
from getting ownstairs. ’

Charlie Cooper rushed to the spot, thinking of
pretty Marjorie West and her sister and broth-
er-in-law.

When he had leaped over the ﬂames from his
trloomﬁhe had the giiti-l_in his mindhbut seeiiilg tllliﬁis

erewasrig inonesina ot,
turned to and helped to extinguish  e

The ﬂames-had gained great headway where
ﬁe scoundrel Bill Butts had lighted the first

e.

The woodwork and carpets were attire and the
smoke was pouring through the hallway at a
great rate.

The cries of the frightened guests could be
heard above the crackling of the ﬂames, but
Charlie could not see any of them.

He dashed through the smoke and found him-
self at a window at the end of the hall in no time.

The window was o en, and as the smoke clear-
ed away for a secon the boy saw that there was
a ﬁre-escape there. _ ’

Acting on a sudden impulse, he got out upon it.

He could now see what he was doing. so he
E-‘omptly turned his gaze in the direction he

ta; the apartments of the manager were 10-
ca .

Then it was that he saw a female form leaning
from a window and acting as ‘thou h she was
about to leap out and be dashed to eath on the
pavement below.

Charlie saw who it was right away.
no other-than Marjorie West.

“Don’t jump!” he shouted above the roaring »

of the ﬂames and the cries of the excited thron '
that had gathered in the street. -

Flames were bursting from the windows next
to the girl, and he could see plainly.

She turned and recognized the young hero of ‘K

the baseball diamond, and then she became sud-
denly calm. - ‘

Just then the firemen arrived on the scene.

But Charlie did .not wait for them!’

He quickly ﬁgured out,-the distance from the
ﬁreescape to the window and found that he could
almost reach the girl.

By going to the tier above he could get directly .

 ‘as: .. -.
iineas ewas,iwasa as tterf
the boy to get there. n e Y ma  
His quick eye showed him a way to save hag.
Once above her he threw his legs over the '
rod that formed the second rung of the statics-'

 dR and ﬂung 
* ., me your hands. _ ”, _
‘iinddénﬁlizithteﬁed. I ’ ..

 

It was ‘

    
   
  
 
 
   

 r»;»~>.  »‘..~iu. V, v V, .»-V.

26

She did just as he told her, and getting a good
grip, he dragged her from the window.
A burst of applause went up from the street

ow.

But Charlie scarcely heard it.

He began swinging the imperiled girl back and
forth through space.

At the fourth swing she was directly over the
ﬁre-escape, with its iron railing.

At the fifth swing he cried out: .

“I am going to let you drop, Marjorie; don't
be frightened!"

Then down she went!

But it was not over four or ﬁve feet that she

upon the fire-escape platform.
Then Charlie coolly drew himself to his proper
position and worked his way to her side.
“You are the bravest boy I ever saw, Charlie,"
to ascend

she murmured, faintly, as he.started
with her.

’ The roof of the veranda was reached in short
order, and then a ﬁreman pushed a ladder to

. Two minutes later they wereon the ground, and

’ Maijorie was in the arms of her sister.

‘ Roberts caught the brave young pitcher about
' ’ -~ the body and ave him a bear's hug.
 It seemed t at Roberts and his wife had es-
caped by another door, thinking Marjorie had
gone he ore them, as she shouted she was do-

 m§ut the girl had taken the wrong direction
 and was forced to‘ go to a window, to get air.
 The ﬁre was soon out, for the companies ar-
.; rived in time and soon ‘attended to it.

No one was hurt much and the damage was

 

 

l  en it was all over and Charlie was in the
—~.. —big dining-room, surrounded by his friends, he
" made the announcement that the are was the,
“work of incendiaries. Butthis was the opinion
-' of ,almost everyone, for -two ﬁres had been
“ It was, of course, laid to some one in the hotel,
but‘ than h a strict investigation was made, it
' was not iscovered who the ﬁend was.
1A‘. _

 
   

    
    
    
  
     
   
   
  
 
 

1"
. 9,‘

CHAPTER. XX.

.9 ) 'l‘he—Binghamton Game Begins.

?«:**- ‘N much slee was tiby the guests of the

hotegtaftei-‘the exi:iienpngt° caused by the ﬁre.

Le, But as they had gone to bed rather early, the
bags of Unknown Nine were in ﬁrst-class
tan after they had eaten ‘a breakfast. .

Dlcridllloa, as we shall still call him, and B_ill

thy ' not leave after failing to ‘accomplish /.

foul purpose. _
 did not mingle much with the rest of_ the
 however. as they were afraid they might
;_  they wore _was_ almost perfect.
go ongﬁtehought of picking them out as the

._ .

 wane to‘ begin at .

  

an hetero ‘ that the

    

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

dﬁﬁped, and she landed squarely on her feet and .

(or Paterson.

l‘,‘.“.‘:“i’.‘°."i“‘°"«."°‘-‘° V“? "

. A|l‘_‘l -. 1)....-r... J4 Main;

The Unknows were all there and ready for
business, and Fred Roberts was busy making
wagers on the game, and, incidentally watching
for George Orris, for he felt certain that the ,
villain was in Birmingham. ‘ ~7

Birmingham was a strong team, as has been
stated.

The players were all well-trained atheltes, and
the youngest of.them had passed his twenty-first
year.

They smiled when they saw Fred Roberts’s
aggregation_of boys, for they had not expected
to ﬁnd such young ball players.

However, they had been assured that they were
going totackle one of the stron st nines on the
diamond that season, and they ad prepared for
a hard tussle. - ~

Roberts hadhno diﬂiculty in placing plenty of
money, on the game, and he went in heavily.

He looked for odds, and got them, too. _

Charlie sized them‘ up and came to the conclu-
sion that the team was no stronger than Newark

., an’, _.i.‘

‘u..

belt was twenty minutes to four before the game
‘The Unknows had the ﬁeld, and the still’
throwing they had shown in the practice aroused
the spectators to uite some interest, for they.
saw in the nine of ys a very neat proposition.

Charlie began his good work right at the start.
He sent in one of his famous quick drops and
the batter fanned the air. -

“Strike one!” ,

The next was a curve, a little too wide for the ' '
Binghamton player to bite at.

“Ball one!’ . _

Charlie then let him have an incurve that cut
the ‘plate squarely in the center.

“ o strikes!” ‘ V

The batsman nodded at the boy pitcher good-
naturedly. '

Then Charlie sent in a quick one that looked .:
as though it might be the same kind, but just as‘ '
the batter struck at it, it went down and out

as

‘like a ﬂash. i

“Striker out!”'called out the umpire, and then  ~
a howl went up from the bleachers. _ ’
Then it was that Roberts oﬁered to bet that not ,
a man’ would reachﬁrst in that inning. _ 5?
He was taken up by three or four enthusiasts.
who were -ready to back the home team. '
Charlie did not mean to allow a man to hit ;;
theball, much less get to first. _ _ 
He knew that if he could do that in the «ﬂrst . 
inning he would have the team right where he " '
wanted it. '
The next man up was the smallest player on
the team. . .
He was the shortstop, and had made a: great. « 
record with the bat at season. = .
Charlie could tell that he was a good one. so
he decided ‘to use all his arts to strike him out.
He tried one of the quick incurves, and it
worked to a charm. 3 - . 
“One strike!” , -  -V ‘«
Then he tried a drop and the batter  (A ‘
at it, only to fan the «air. ‘ ~- g 
“Two"strikesl" - .
The next vvasone of the ,
strike that  and thatinade it 
K . ‘ . . ’ » . ' ‘ " ' /" I

27  ‘<3

N ' _ -.'n.

 

 

 
 
   

  

  
 

2.... -he did .

   

  
 
  

     
   
  

' \

5 Fame  Fortune Weekly

FAME  FORTUNE WEEKLY

   
     
 
    
       
    
     
  
      
  
   
    
    
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
     

NEW YORK, JANUARY 21, 1927

—?l:;l'<MS“”l‘0 SUBSCi<ibi:;l{S

....Postaxc F_ree ‘Log cenu

»: ' n 
 . " " i too
_ Canada. M.50;YFoAi-.213“.   P 0

Il0NE—tour ris sen . .
nawoli-'((i,er,sli2§eI¢’:k or Registered Letter; remittances
"any other way are at our risk. Weaocept Postage
. ,, the “me u  When sending silver wrap
._ ge “ace piece of paper to avoid cutting
rite your name and address plainly.
~ UKIEII $0 |

WESTBURY PUBLISHING CO., Inc.
168 W. 23rd St» N. Y. C.

. ‘E1 1, 1- 'd ‘runs.
E ‘IA3lai.‘Vho-1".:.on..n-II loo.

 INTERESTING ARTICLES
 WING 0%;    _
gpwith -‘L, her legs with

. o o o o - ‘ u o - n n on

in. bills tied to
Mrs. Bessie Greenberg, seventy, was

 giihzoslftpglildegr, and the police advance no
’ ry to account for her possession of the
-is y found.
A rubber tube used to supply gas to a ¢°.°1<-
.:A late had been disconnected without _sbutting
e gass.

_ CRIMINALS ME’l'NTA.LI’I‘Y _ _
1 Wllat is the “mental 529, 0f the “YP‘°31 cnm‘
x... A recent London investigation of ?00
 s showed that the mental use Varied»
.— upon the crime committed. '_1‘ne offense
‘ch apparently called for the most intelligence
in fraud, the average mental age of this class
.°~m “rs sages-
orgery an DIS
‘ . ge--14.5 .
: ’ :§lerg8“ 14 Yg:1?3I;sth°3° “ddi°.t°d
crimes of violence, the same, and those guilty
rape and sexual olfenses, only 12.5 years’. \

 

   
   

   

    
   
 
  
      

 

A Y rmncas DARK on roc-
~ N£lgH¥AI€0 LONGER CLOAK IN WAR’ _
‘ g in total darkness 1) means of an m-
1, my ig declared by the llaily Mail to have
demonstrated as feasible through the inven-
not John L. Baird, a British scientist, whose
vet;-ﬁes liat television have aroused 81°“ Inter‘
~’ "in e ear. _ , v, ,

' 3,1,‘: is gagged as saying that his achieve-
has been accomplished with his televizolé

* K a ‘ h.
 Wspeé°'€?l'§-?.‘“‘w’i«"e"“i»3'¥==’f3‘.eye
. to see these rays, but the sensitive
of -his: pparatuslelects than readily-
‘ '3  dgscnbes how he sat
' g} pave. we complete gains!
:1‘  ‘t i ‘ ’

  
    
   
   
 
   
   

       
    
     
  

»g:ve~‘z~.

27

projected upon a screen by Baird’s invisible
‘searchlight.”

Mr. Baird asserts that the invisible ray can
be focused and ﬂashed through lenses like or-
dinary searchlights, but that it is more penetra-
tive, and can be thrown further than an visible
ray- and also can pierce fog more re '_y. ‘It
might, therefore, be.of_g'reat signiﬁcance in aid-
ing trains, ships and airplanes in the fog.

Ca 1:. 0. Hutchinton, who is associated with
Mr. aird, says it is impossible to estimate the
importance of this invention in warfare. It would
lie ossible to follow an enemy’s movements in

ar ness.

 

LAUGHS

“Has he alot of money?” “No, but he has the
next best tl_iing.” “What is that?” “The ability
to make believe he is rich.”

The ambitious young merchant caressed 

shapely hand of the heiress. “Dear little hand!”-

he murmured absent-mindedly. “So delicate! So
fragile! And I hope some day to see it lift the
heavy mortgage that's on my store!”

“I think Solomon should have pointed to the

chicken rather than the ant as a model of indus- ~

try.” “Why so?” “Because the chicken comes
up ‘to the scratch when it is a question of making
a living.”

“You misjudge me,” said the hypocrite, 1'03 ‘ A:

Eroachfully. “I admit I am poor, weak, in
ut lying is not one of my failings.”
ly is not," agreed the hard-headed man. “It in

one of your successes.”

A psychologist came upon a hard-working Ii'ish- '

man toiling, bareheaded, in the street. “Don't you
know," said the psychologist, “that to work in the
hot sun without a hatpis bad for your brains?"
“Dlye think,” asked the Irishman, “that Oi’d be
on this job if 01 had any brains?”

We were walking along the shaded street of an
eastern Pennsylvania village when a girl came to
the door.of a nearby house and called to a small
boy playinf on the walk: “Gusty, Gusty, come and
eat yourse f once. Ma's on der table now and pII'ﬂ
half et already!" ’

“It is the duty of every olie to make at least ,

one person happ durin the week,” said a Sun-
day school tea er._ “ ow, have you done so,
Johnny?" “Yes,” said Johnny promptly. “That's
right. What did you do?” “I went to see my aunt,
and she’s always happy when I go home!" .

An American humorist,‘ stopped by a Scotch
consﬁble for speeding, hinted brcadly that la
mig-

bribe‘! Rae ye dare to insult me air?” "0
” said the American. “I «
now,”

kin‘ o‘, a man. how much

‘:,t__.

V} 

“It certain- ‘

  
   
  

ay to be let oB,' "What, uir!"  in =
constab e._ “Dae ye suggest that l wid "take is M

 
  
  
 

  

 

I Red Bill merely laughed, calling me a

I
If  -

 

Red ldill’s Last Ride.

‘When I was a youngster, ‘being of an adventur-
ous dis ition, and something of a rover, I went
to Cali ornia in search of ; old. It was after the
first rush of ’49, being in the early ﬁfties, and
the country bein more settled than at the start.

There was stil gold in abundance to be found
by those who knew where to look, and I did not
doubt that I would come home in a few years as
rich as heart could wish.

Being in a hurry to make my fortune, I did

I not‘take the‘long'and tedious voyage around

Cape Horn, like so many, but made the journey
across the plains with a large party of adven-
turers like myself, most of whom, however, were

— much older and more experienced than I was.

In the party was a man whom I disliked from
the first, without seeming to know why. -

He was a big fellow, strong as an ox, seeming-
ly. with no superﬂuous ﬂesh, muscles of iron, the
cords in his neck and arms being like stout wire,
his bones big and prominent, and his appearance
being that of a man of tremendous endurance.

He wore a short, ﬂaming-red beard, his tan-
gled hair being a dark brown; he had a high

orehead, ears large, and strangely inted, and
his lips thin, and generally tightly c osed.

He said but little, referring to listen rather
than to talk, apparen y, although never appear-

to pry into the affairs of others.
' name was Hiram Williams, he said, but it
not long before he a uired the name of Red
ill, given him by one of t e jokers of the party,
a man who was forever giving names to every

one. .
Red Bill was certainly a shorter name, than
Hiram William, and it, came into general use,
the man himself oﬂering no objection.
I took a strong dislike to the man from the
start, and, boy-like, made no effort to conceal it,

. but on the contrary, showing it openly.

’ at from showing any anger on this account,
oung
ninny. and said that e lon er I lived the ess I

woul know, as I seemed to now it all then.
That wounded my pride, and I determined to
the man that I knew much more than he

V , was willing to give me credit for.

I discovered, one evening when he was wash-
ing himself, justbefore su per, that he had a
scar on his temple,» usu y concealed by his
sh gy hair, and that there was a strange red
on his right arm, between the shoulder and

8! . .
He caught me looking at him as he raised his
head from the basin, and gave me the ﬁercest

' glance I had ever seen.

At supper, a ‘little later, considering myself
well protected, I‘ asked one of the men:

J‘. .. say, Mr. Jones, what sort of a weapon
would make a three-cornered scar—not exactly

 eitherhbut one with three points, something
’ showed no. emotion whatever, and »

star

ﬁC?l'f&,"<' 

\ .

   

_8__I=sr.’  ‘Mt H“rYd_th’.n“nr, ‘
j’-‘N0-. 

EA’ME'” AND FORTUNZ E WEEKLY

“That's the way they brand convicts in Au-
stralia,” Jones Went on. “They call it the broad .
arrow. Where did you ever see——"

_ I was about to blurt out that Red Bill bad
Just such a mark as that on his arm, when the 3
man gave me a look that fairly froze my blood. ‘

“I d-don’t remeinber—it’s a l-long time ago,”
iestanrimered. “I only wondered what it could

“Well, if you saw it on a man's arm,” said
Jones, “he must have been kinder careless. In
England it would mean arrest, but here-well,
nothing, unless to arouse suspicion."

The knowledge that the man was a convict,
and had been branded, onl served to increase I
my dislike for him, althou it showed me that
he was a man to be feare , and that I had bet-
ter be careful. ’

We reached California at last, and the party
separated, Red Bill disappeared very suddenly,

» no one knowing whither he went, or when.

I felt greatly relieved when Bill had gone, and .
told Jones.of the discovery I had made.

. “Never liked the fellow much,” said Jones, “but
it’svJv1ilst_)as well I didn’t know that before.”

(I y.”

f‘ ’Cause t_here’d been trouble, I reckon. Good
thing you didn't tell me-—for you. Bill wouldn’t
have forgotit.” .

“I don’t care,” I answered, lightly. “He's
gone now, and it’s not likely that I shall ever see .
him again.”

When we got to where gold was supposed to be

ht

. found, I discovered that I knew very little about .
it.

going to work to ﬁnd

I remained with Jones and three or four others,
who went together, taking care of the camp,
ljoiodlcin after the horses, cooking, and doing other

_;o s.
v This sort of thing took down in ride a bit
and I tried to learn all about how try; flind gold, ed
as to be of some use .in the camp. »

When Jones or one of the other men would find 4:
gold in places where I declared there was none,
Wh8t€Ve1‘. I began -to think that I was not much of
a goldhunter, after all. i . _

“Don't you worry, lad," said Jones one day.
“I've heard that them as knows the least about it
makes the biggest ﬁnds sometimes, and your turn ‘
may. come one of these days. You are of use to
us, anyhow, and the horses like you, and you
make more of ‘em than we could, so don't
worrry.” '

At certain times the men would send me with
gold dust over the mountains to the nearest set-
tlement to purchase supplies. ‘

The dust was one of the chief mediums, and
was current everywhere, and I to know just ,
how much in the wayiof supplies I could pur- ,6
chase with so many ounces, and could tell the .;
gleight of a bag of the precious metal almost to t— ;,

e grain. ; 

One day, when we had been in the count ’ "
about six months, I took the best horse .
started off on my riodical trip. '

On mygway to e settlement I passed a
cam where I kmw some of the men. I

“ tofsup'ea!"a:kedono. _. a s

3%,?" ,‘ .

491' . Can "earn ’ for 
Jtkeckonyou» 1:4 
rtwekﬂris

. . V 

    

 

   
   
      
 
   
  
   
   
   
     
   
    
   
   
   
  
  
    
  
 

i -ybutth "bbe bot.ds-
’1¥.lu§.staetshaviv:’hat.iioIi'tr:t§>pr0at i::tl?in’3l_ Hgfid
up Jim Hedge the other day, and took his P116-
=:-: but for ."

“How many are there?”
, '*‘l)on’t know. Some says one, some says a
“rdozen. . They ride mostl , and stick to the moun-
 The pass aroun the Devil’s Thumb is a
‘ta lace, I bel' .”
:Ix%?eii,li'11 look ou1l;ef:r‘them.’f I_said. as I rode
Qﬂ’, charged with certain commissions. _ _
Devil's Thumb was the most dangerous point
all the road. It was a great mass of rock,
"hundred feet in'h¢I8'ht,'8nd“1‘°u11dedHk° a
.  gvngnjyw path,  more than
V.  leading around it, while on the
aidethaae descended an almost sheer preci-
_ " ofmore than two ’thousand.'feet to a river,
hich wound its way between giant bluffs.
VI was within a few rods of this place, could
' the Thumb towering above the trees, in fact,
en my horse stumbled slightly.

hind shoe was loose, and knew that I shouldhgve
ca, in-use the utmost caution in following the narrow
1 ‘path.

had about made u my mind to dismount and
‘ti: 3 dangerous point, when
man suddenly -appeared in the path before me. '
,“ row up ur hands!” ‘ _
I  not 0 y, for I was struck motionless
terror in an instant. The man before me
Red Bill, the convict! _ . _ ”
“Ha! ha! So it’s my pert uiig friend. 18 It?
said. “Come, get off that _orse! I've lost my
. , I must ride."

Still I could not move, nor could I speak.

“Get down, I say!” cried Bill. “Horses are
z men, not boys. Turn over what _gold you
Ye, and your way. This count._, is gettin ,
V -mum or me, and I must get away at once.
suddenly thought of the horse sp loosened
I 3 and of the dangerous path around the

7 h L _

I knew Bill to be an outlaw, but I could not
ngi send him to his death. ”
 is not ﬁt; he has a loosened shoe.
said‘  “I: will be your death to ride him over

determine,” muttered Bill
zingiiiitis r£°r§:§§, geizing the bridle, and throw-
“ me from the saddle in an instant. _ .
fell upon the very edge of _‘the path,.slipped,
4,35 ovg: the brink in an instant. ,
 the descent was not so sheer as further
Half sliding, half rolling','_now catching at
now feeling the stones roll beneath my

I descended some twe.!}tY feet. Where I
out upon a mass of earth J05? under a shelv-

I heard the clatter of _hoo'fs-on the ath
and knew’ that Red Bill had sta oil’
ride out of the country. '
‘T was the »outlaw’s last ride, and Came *0 3
 Just above me the path wound

V the Devilis Thumb. Suddenly. at the
, point, there was 8'¢l§tl’Jel‘r 8 De! 31 01
ghwt, 3;; gqﬁi, a ﬁerce growl, an then

' stggt horse and rider‘ went

»i.“..‘:..**....
I  s 

  
 

  

   
  
  
  
    
    
   
   
   
   
   
  
    
 
  
  
  

   
   

 
   
  

 
     
  

r'_AME AND FORTUNE ~WEEI(LY

"ttrthe top.

Looking backward, I’ observed that the right V

last awful shriek sounded in my ears, and then I
became unconscious. ‘
When I came to myself I found that I was ly-

ing on a bed of gray moss far beneath the ledge r . -

where I had ﬁrst landed. I must have slipped
and fallen during the time I was nconscious, and

it was, indeed, a mercy that I had not been killed.-

The top of the cliff was two hundred feet above
my head, and overhanging ledge.‘ prevented my
working my way back.

I did not knew how far it was to the river bed,
and I feared to make the attempt to descend. K
_ I would have to ﬁnd some other way to reach-
ingnthe top, and with the fateof Red Bill viv-
idly before me, I ii working my way along
tliefaoe of the cliff the hope of ﬁnding a way

Idescendedsoastoreachaledge.‘

leading upward, and in this manner I worked
on until I was within ﬁfty feet of the top, at a
point several hundred yards beyond, the Devil’s
Thumb. ’

Further progress upward seemed impossible,
however, as great masses of rock jutted down
from the face of the cliﬁ, and I could never hope
to ass them. 4

hile. debating what to do, my support fell
away, and I was precipitated I don't know how
far down into a narrow gully, not so deep as the
one where Red Bill had fallen, but deep enou h.
-Below me was the bed of a stream,
a _tributa of the river further on, an as this
might‘ lea me somewhere, I determined to make
my way to it. ‘ ~ .
.My bhts were nearly torn from in feet, and

my clothes were in rags when I ﬁna y reached ‘

the stream. In my hasty descent I had brought-

with me a small shrub, which had yielded as I I ‘f
clutched it to prevent myself slipping. I now " ‘

chanced to look at this, and to my utter aston-
ishment, saw many bright yellow particles cling-
ing to the roots. There was no need to tell me
that they were bits of gold. I climbed back with
ditliculty to the spot where I had unrooted the
shrub, and found ore and dust enou h to more
than equal what our party had yet ta en.

, I marked the spot as well as I could, and then A
followed the stream towards its source, and _ﬁnd.l- ,

15‘ reached camp. I told them my story, and
owed them the gold I had brought with me, and
after a short rest, guided the party to my dis-
covgry. From that moment our fortunes were
ma e.

We learned that at the very moment I had .

met Red Bill he was being pursued by vigilante,
who had shot his horse from under him half an
hour before. Now he was dead, and while I

really had no hand in it, I had groﬁted greatly,

by his death, for I never would ave discovered
th_eﬁgold’but for his having thrown me over the
Cl . .

;

-—--O0--<01-—.oo—-.-—

   

The ancient seas were huge alcohol wells. V
primeval ocean, with its huge massesof sugar}.
containing seaweed, was a fermentation vat, _SQ
saysa Berlin scientist, Professor Lindrier. Thea

immense alcoholic seas stimulated lelicoue 3 y
of early life, he explains, and adds that theplan

  

    
 

today which produce sugar, later to he may V‘ ,
into alcohol, are marked .by  

 
 

 

ba lg’

‘ALCOHOL SEAS i I  
The i

    
     
 
 

  

 

3

  

I NINE-SPEED SHIFT

‘A nine-speed automobile gear shift that needs
no clutch for operation was demonstrated recent-
ly in Great - Britain. The demonstrator made
eighteen changes of speeds in a few seconds with-
out causing even the faintest sound of crashing
gears.

WOMAN INVENTS RUSTLESS STEEL OF
VARIED COLORS
Rustless, stainless, colored steel, to resemble
more brilliant metals like bronze, brass, copper
and silver, has been developed in London.
Buttons, buckles and other personal ornaments
as well as door-knobs, plates and other architec-
tural units can be made more cheaply and endur-
in l with the new process, it is claimed.
 inventor is Miss C.’Gri1f, a Birmingham en-
gineer.

THE MOSQUITO BUDGET
In your household budget, along with the items
of grocery and butcher bills, have you ﬁgured on
the summer expense of mosquito bites? Statisti-
dens who have been following the trail of the
boning pests, says Popular Science Monthly, tell
us now that every man, woman and child of us
paid, on the average, the sum of 91 cents last
year just for the rivile of being bi n. The
national mosquito- ite bil was $100,000, 9! This
sum represents the damage done by malaria mos-
gitoes in bringing on some 3,000,000 cases of
ills and fever.

o

 

DOG FOIL_S suicmn or TWO
' An attempt to commit suicide together by Mr.
and Mrs. Ignatz Rosenfeld. in whichthey tried to
include their dog Popsi, was foiled lately by Pop-
Iii‘: timely rebellion.
th"l'lie couplenleodcked themtselvgs in a room with
ir pet, ope a gas je an were soon uncon-
scious. Popsi, disliking the smell of the gas, be-
gun barking. Finding that unavailing, he hit his
mistress’ leg, half awakening her. She then, [per-
hops instinctively, opened a window, thus al 0 -
ing the neighbors to hear the dog's yelping. They
came to the rescue and saved the couple and the

dos. - . .
i°b'Rosenfeld was despondent for fear of losing his

/

 

FASTEST LIVING THING

After studying the ﬂight of birds for centuries,
man at last has learned to ﬂy, and in_ doing so he
has outdistanced his _livin _niodels in speed, _in

, altitude and in carrying a ility. '
News study of the marvelous ﬂying mechan-

6

I of the world’: speediest known creature, a

American ﬂy known as cephenemyia. has
‘led at least one scientist to suggest the possibility
ﬂint eventaallyi birdmen may near:-3otgp.le the
airplane speed record of iles an

Q“

 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY_
CURRENT NEWS

   

 

.. -45.9. (R. :-

out in the August Po ular Science Monthly that 
if we can_learn to cihplicate the action of the
cephenemyia we shall be able to ﬂy around the
earth between sunrise and sunset of the longest
summer day, or in about seventeen hours. To do
this over the 13,855-mile circuit at the latitude of
New York we should have to travel constantly
at a speed of 815 miles an hour, or almost four-
teendmgles a milnutefl This is as fast as the
spec o projecti es 0 certain es of artill .

It sounds like a “pipe dreaiE.;)’ And yet,elzs
Doctor Townsend recalls, it was not so long ago
that eople gasped at the thought of traveling
“a mi e a minute.” He reminds us too that it ’
not beyond the possible for man to duplicate 
machines what other creatures have accomplished
in natural locomotion. '

— The fact remains that the cephenemyia does cover
815 miles an hour, or nearly 400 yards asecond.
With tremendous power stored in a body of ex-
tremely light weight it moves so swiftly that it
can be seen only as a blur or streak of color.

if

 

OSCAR DIES AND DENNIS GETS HIS
TEETH AGAIN

Oscar is dead, a martyr to his rodential prank» .~
ishness, but Dennis Curley is happy. Dennis went.
léasck to a he-man diet to celebrate the death of

car.

Oscar was a rat in the a artment house at No.
618 Main Street, New R elle. where Dennis is
janitor. The children in the building liked Oscar.
Dennis didn't. . ‘

Dennis’ dislike for Oscar increased, a month
ago, when Oscar walked off with the janitor’s up-
per teeth. Dennis saw Oscar getting away with ,3‘.
the $50 molars, but was too late to save them, as '
Oscar whisked them down a hole in the basement
where Dennis sleeps.

Dennis waited for Oscar to come out with the
uppers. Oscar came out and taunted Dennis, but
always left the teeth behind. One day Dennis
woke and heard something being dragged across
the ﬂoor. It was Oscar, taking the uppers out for . ‘

-is£it:}a.1iring. Dennis was too late to recapture the

e . , 

The rat never lived that could ﬂaunt Denny's '3
own teeth in Denny’s face—aiid get ~awa “with it. -‘ ’

Denny ut poison on grilled bacon, an two feet
from the acon he put a pan of water. The drug
store man said Oscar would eat the poisoned be-~
con, get thirsty, drink the water and blow in .

Oscar fell for the bacon and water an even
blew up. Dennis laughed with his lower set of .
molars, and when he was through gloating he 
threw the remains of Oscar in the furnace. 2 _V

Dennis then got a lame back ripping up 
boards of the ﬂoor looking for the uppers. Ho , .;
f0\]l)nd  aftzﬁ a long search. h ' ,-  T ”

eniiisgrinn atoothygrlnwen rtenp
came -to investigate the story. _He 

glistenin :
asgood as ever," he said-ha
ltel.'ili?dthﬂ!. WhetIwon*tdoto‘e

' 'r...:

L’

.\

 

  
  

  

   
 

..‘

, ,   ll‘0RTUNE WEEKLY V 0 cg“ .
 News ii-‘ROM EVERYWHERE‘   

 
  
      
       

 

WHY SATURN’S RINGS? . Airshipshitlierto have been based largely J
That beautiful ring system of ‘Saturn is always the Zeppelin idea, but the construction of the
source of wonder to the skilled astronomer. R-101 is a complete departure. Stainless steel
‘!'WIiy‘ should Saturn and Saturn alone, be gifted has been used for the girders and it is said to be '
lith this gii-ding swarm of tiny moons? _ If 991)’ stronger for its _weight than duralumin. Steel
‘me other planet had the same thing, it might propellers also will be used. Five 600 horsepower
pot be so puzzling, so inexplicable. A_ more geu— engines, each housed in a car slung below the ship,
‘era! principle might be found underlying the ex— will burn heavy oil instead of gasoline.

istence of planetary rings. But only Saturn _The R-101 will be 730 feet long, 130 feet in
has them. ’No,one as yet has advanced an ade- diameter and 140 feet high. She will be able to '
ate theory for their existence. ﬂy seventy miles an hour and will cruise at sixty-

» three miles an hour with a range of 4,000 miles.

» 1 ’ . ARTHED fN It. is understood that Premier Bruce of Aus-
 T%NI§OLD ASHES tralia, after inspection of the "’Ill00I'lIlg mast at
 0'17 INDO_EUR0PEANs tC:rdi;_igton',"5ilecided to riconimaﬁnd t'h‘o}:1'con_sl1iruc- -
' V , ~ no asimiar ia 1 u . -
*,C133’ -“1'“5 believed t° °°“.ta"‘ the llshes ‘Rf able an experiinerrital ﬂixizht tso rbeliiade go‘; Iifli.
*":.:’:"a.‘"d.::£:::P*::"Gt:i'.:ss.:::ep:::z';.? don  m 1928- e  
6 E W . 7 ‘ ’ . — I
-a ..i Besides the urns, which were found. , g '
feet belowitlie grurface, lay two stone ham- ACCIDENTAL FINDS 0 ~;

rs and two stone knives. _ 1_ d t _b The story ot how an Italian‘ laborer, seated on
fan were °°“t3m°d in What ‘S be “W91 ‘ii 9 a box eating his lunch in_a plating plant, made a
clay casket, though the woﬂctlrllana. BC 11%‘ lasting contribution to his employer and to sci- , ‘
‘Vledge Of the l_mP°1‘'t3n¢9 017. l7 °tte19é?°"e"Yf~ I enc_e, is told by Dr. William Blum, chemist of the ‘~
ch"8l'e8»35 . d€8tl'|1¢t107h l:?ft01T9h tbs, 3,” “ ‘°“ ° _ United States Bureau of Standards and President
aeologists was ca e o t e  Dd it of the ‘American Electro-chemical Society.
, 83'8" ‘'35 f°‘md °’.‘ 3 Fm“ .‘ ‘:d. t Officials of the company in question, makers of
11¢]-l€Ved ‘that 0th€1'S_ exist In the 11$" ‘$3 9 phonograph records, upon noting a marked in- .
8h5°1'h0"d- The D1790“? 9f the °t5 am crease in the‘ hardness of the copper disks from 7;

" " W110 Gxﬂmilmd the l11"‘5a declared th°Y which phonograph records are stamped, subse-

wd. f th 1 to d th -
 .1 3?; mi. §‘;‘.§.’f.fu..’.i°i.i“‘€;°.,i‘.§‘..,.l°’£:*md§ ;I:,°;}*‘;,:,'~;',',* :::;1;l;~;:,°g*;: rggtme W 1°! =n**

- were drawn in friezes around the urns ganic matter W“  

~ . . . . . C. i ‘  ‘
.ﬂ!9 °°"‘i’a~°!:”‘i;'1‘:eP;:°;‘g§gr:‘§2!_r‘ms t° keep prisisrii complete loss to explain the presence of

mliios . ' tt 'th' 1 1

 one large urn were ﬁve smaller urns. ¢a!:,'I¥osfi°gf,légr:,‘;;,1;e,?re;;lctﬁ§;11-];,egtlfagfgluwg

3“? °°“t3l“l"S' f°°d ‘md drmk f°’ the . developed the fact that an Italian laborer had

‘ "‘ Unf°"t“n3l‘°1y °"l.y tw° °f”}th°s° were playfully ﬂipped a piece of cheese at a fellow

‘mm the W°“km”-“,5 ‘."°k5' The”. °°"t°“t5 worker, the cheese missing its mark and ‘falling

~l"“'“"d °"°’ t° clwmlsts ‘”.h° ‘"11 WV .t° into the tank where the metallic disks containing

~«  what the ancients considered damties phonograph records were bang hted‘ The ..
their dead. ’ pfliiontograplii C0l'tl'lp:.ll‘lY found _thi;.}t! do harderlilin

. I e ec was ue o ecasein n e eese ;
EST DIRIGIBLE BUILT IN SECRET .material they therefore havle continued tow aﬁd‘

o FOR INDIA-AUSTRALIA SERVWE to their solutions. The increased hardness of the

' Dominion Prime Ministers who visited the copper allows a considerable saving because

on al airship works recently saw more records can be stamped in molten wax

nglagils latest airship, which will be. it from the harder disks. ‘ 0

      
    
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
    
  
   
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
   

 

 

7.;
z .

 

 

Wax ' , l rgest and most owerful airship At another plant, in the research-laboratories
 iwori-lie I: is one of two Idirigibles which of General Motors, tests were being conducted to -.
be used on experimental ﬂights between In- determine the cause of_ knocking in gasoline _
and Austx-alia with the view of establishing a motors. One of the chemists conceived ii brilliant "
. ,.e,.vice. . , ideai‘ possioly knocking in motors was due in
  and details of the construction of the some way to the colors present inside the ;{ll!l_der
‘ *‘ ’lu've been kept secret, The new airship will during combustion. Going to the chemic store-
. ‘ capgcity of 100 passengers, ten room. he_ asked for some colored chemical soluble
Willi; Bﬁebintl cabins with twoand four ‘ in gasoline. Out of s_om_c 10,000 at hand, the
biases.-smoking ‘rooms and dining rooms storekeeper gave him iodine, the only_chen:iica§
. 91 gaging ﬁfty perﬁons at a time, pﬁm V imtlie lot which had the property of eliminating ,
jqgh an whjcﬁ pgggengars can stretch their . knocking! The color guess was wrong; *
' ; which can serve seven-course din- to the happy circuinstanceot picking up iodine
,.§.,g1..,i gcgogmodatign for dancing it was,‘ ssfble to solve the riddle of knocking
..,¢<g,¢mﬁ,, for wireless entertain-“ - in gang me motors, and ‘to‘work out the 
..~i-iﬁ‘1I‘§¢‘provided’invol\mtarily by  ggoatétl-d8t0}I’;3_nt8 which. it is  will u i i
 Ilr6’V0tlO!!&1‘y.__. chaages_ _,
‘~""'- ‘W " "W" V 3:; ;  cam-hen 

        
   
      
   

      

  
  
   
   
    
    
 

E

     
  
 

 
  

   

    
 
  

   

   
 

2 ‘E. ‘X ,i u

  

 

 

 --::-.......v -" ..
 ‘g. WESTIIURY PUBLISHING 60.. Inc.

 

Fame and .Foi-tuyne Weekly

-—— LATEST ISSUES

1006 Just His Luck: or. Climbing the Ladder of Fame
and Fortune

1067 Out With His Own Circus: or, The Success of a
Young Barnum.

1068 Playigng Ft‘.or Money: or. The Boy Trader of Wall

. tree
I069 The Boy Copper Miner: or, Ted Brown's Rise to
IC es.
1010 Tips Sill! téle Tape: or. The Boy Who Startled Wall
ree

1071 Striking It Rich: or, From Oﬂice Boy To Mer-
chant Prince

1072 Lucky in Wall Street: or. The Boy Who Trimmed
the Brokers.

1073 In a Class by Himself: or. The Plucky Boy Who
Got to the Top. .‘

1074 Bolling the Marke: or. The Messenger Who Worked

in Corner.
NW5 Ai’terJthe ‘Big Blue Stone; or, The Treasure of the
ung e.
1078 Little Jay Perkins. the Broker: -or. Shearing the
Wall Street "Lamb "

s.

1077 The Young Coal Baron: or. Five Years With The
ers. - '

1W8 Coiniéig Money: or, The Boy Pfdliger of Wall

eet.
1079 Among the Taisk Hunters: or. The Boy Who Found
a Diamond Mine.
men A Game Boy: or. From the Slums to Wall Street.
1081 A Wait’: Legacy; or. How It Made a Poor Boy

I!
10$ Fighting the Money Kings: or. The Little Specu-
lator of Wall Street.
1% A Boy With Grit; or. The Young Salesman Who
Made His Mark

f 1084 Ted. the Broken son; or. Starting Out For Him-

s .

1% Dick Darrell's Nerve: or. From Engine-House to
Hana er’s Oﬁlce.

156 Under A uck Star: or, The Boy Who Made a
Million in all Street.

1%‘! .Iack';v Frfstune; or. The Strangest Legacy in the

r

o .
1% Taking Chances; or. Playing For Big Stakes.
E Lost In the Tropics: or. The Treasure of Turtle

K . - .

moo Ten Silent Brokers: or, The Boy Who Broke the
Wall Street Syndicate.

Iml Only a_ Factory Boy: or, Winning a Name For

imse .

1M2 Fox &fDay. 'Brsotkei-s; or, The Young Money Makers
0 rec .

was The Little Wizard: or. The Success of a Young

nventor.
1134 A Young Mechanic: or. Rising to Fame and For-

‘ 1&5 BIIIke‘:n§.ll'l'y'l Boy: or. Gathering the Dollars In
W ll Str t

- 11 ee .
[M6 In the Land of Gold: or, The Young Castaways
o the Mystic Pie.
SW! Eastman & Co. Star a and Bonds: or. The Twin
, Boy Brokers of Wall Street.
llﬁ After the Golden Eagles: 01'. A Lucky Young Wall
9 eet Broker.
use A I.ucky'Lad; or. The Boy Who Made a Railroad

Pay. . -
1100 Too Good to Last: or. Six Months In the Wall
Street Money Market.’
I101 ck. The Boy Lawyer or. Winnin a Big Fe.
1102 rolter next-erg’: Ntew Soy; or. A oung Innocent
ree '

I W ll .
1103 From rhIill.to Millions; or. The Poor Boy Who Be-
‘ came s Steel Magnets.
110} Three fgamsisizeculators: or. The Wall Street Boys’
in ca e.
1115 A stroke? of Luck: or. The Boy Who Made Money
11!! Little Hal.‘ The 3%! .Trader: or. Picking Lip
Money in Wall treet.
I101 On the Gold Coast: or. The Treasure of the Strand-

!‘ Shl .- '
use Lures gzttge Market: or. A Boy's Big Deal in Wall

JIM Trailiili: Tom; or. The Boy Who Bought Every-

ng.
1119 Fsvo‘r'ed"l1v Fortune; or. The Youngest Firm in
a .
1111 Jack Jssperyseeventure: or. A Canal Route to For-
tune.

.erwIll«besnttosI!
Impact!’-hnonsyer

‘S’-*’ 

 

   
  
 

 

' ova TEN-CENT HAND BOOKS

Useful, Instructive, and Amusing. They contain
Valuable Information on Almost
Every Subject.

No. 42. THE BOYS OF NEW YOKK STUNT
SPEAKER.—Containing a varied assortment of stump , _
speeches, Negro. Dutch and Irish. Also end men’: joku. ~

No. 44. HOW TO WRITE IN AN ALBU)I’.—A grand
collection of Album Verses suitable for any time and
occasion: embracim: Lines of Love. Affection. sentiment.
Humor. Respect. and Condolence; also Verses Suitable
for Valentines and Weddings.

No. 52. HOW TO PLAY CAllDS.—A complete and 
handy little book. giving the rules and full direction: ‘
for playing Euchre. Cribbage. Casino_, Fort!-ﬁve.
Rounce, Pedro Sancho. Draw Poker, Auction Pitch. All
Fours. and many other popular games of cards. ‘ -’

No. 53. HOW TO WRITE LETTEBS.—-A wonderful '3
little book. telling you how to write to your sweetheart.
your father, mother. sister. brother, employer; and in
fact everybody and nnvhody you wish to write to.

No. 55. HOW TO COLLECT STAMPS AND come.-
Containing valuable lntormation regarding the collect- ‘f-
ing and arranging of stamps and coins. Bandaoinely ..
illustrated.

No. 51. HOW TO MAKE MUSICAL INSTRUHRNTL
--Full directions how to make a Banjo. Violin, zithos, *_
Aeolian Harp, Xylophone and other musical instrI- e-
ments: together with a brief description of nearly every _
musical instrument used in ancient or modern tima. 
Prufusely illustrated. gﬁ

No. 58, HOW TO BE A I)E1'lGTIVI.—By Old K1133‘ 3.
Brady. the well-known detective. In which he lays down .f~
some valuable rules for beginners. and also relates some '
adventures of well-known -detectives. .

No. oi. now To BECOME A now1:im.—A complete
manual of bowling. Containing full instructions for ..
playing all the standard American and German ﬁn‘ “;
together with rules and systems in use by the pr  ‘~
bowling clubs. 7

No. 64. HOW TO MAKE ELECTRICAL MACHINES. —r
——Coutaini(;ig full diiil-ectijons for 1118:!!!‘ electrical gr *'
chines. in uction co s. ynamos, an many now
to be worked by electricity. By R. A. Bennett. Fug 3

ill t ted.

u. H HOW TO DO ELECTBIOAL l'IICKS4—COa-
tainlng a large collection of instructive and highly
amusing electrical tricks. together with illustrations. By

 

A. Anderson. a

No. 09. HOW TO DO SLEIGHT-0!‘-llA1l'D.—-Colltlllh
ing over ﬂfty of the latest and best tricks used by Ina- .
gicians. Also containing the secret of second lltllto x.:
Fully illustrated.

No. 72. HOW TO DO SIXTY TRICKS WITH OABDI. 
—Embracin all of the latest and most deceptive card - §
tricks with llustrations. .2:

No. 78. HOW TO DO TRICKS WITH N'l.TllBllIa- 21
showing many curious tricks with ﬁgures and the insglq :
of numbers. By A. Anderson. Fully illustrated. .

No. 74. HOW TO WRITE LETTERS 0OBBECTLYa- 1
Containing full instructions for writin letters on aimed }
any subject: also rules for puuctuat on and camped. g
tion, with specimen letters. ‘

No. ‘lo. HOW TO TELL FORTUNE! BY TEI
“Containing rules for telling fortunes by the aid
lines of the hand. or the secret of pslmlstry. Also
secret of telling future events by aid of moles.
scars, etc. Illustrated.

No. ‘I1. HOW TO DO FORTY TRICKS WITH
OAnns.—-Containing deceptive Card Tricks as ou-
formed by leading conjurers and magicians. ' __

No. 19. HOW TO BIOOMI ANAOTOR.-—Oouts.|IIl3
complete instructions how to make up for various
acters on the stage: together with the duties of .:
Stage Manager. Pronipter. Scenic Artist and 

so.

No. M. GUS WILLIAXO JOKE BOOX.—Oout?l.n
the latest jokes. anecdotes and funny storiu o la
world-renowned German comedian.

No. 82. HOW TO DO 1'ALHlSTBY.—Cout.slnll( &*
most approved methods of reading the lines on K ’
h «I. together with a full explanation of their lllﬁlllﬁsﬁﬂ‘

explaining phrsnology and the he for  
r 140 ,

   
  

  
 

. ...a'-..-an-.i..3. IL". v «.-.:‘¢A.a..a..§ie.<..;_.i‘:. -.. .

character by the bumps on the head.
Koch. A.C.S. Fully illustrated.

l‘orso|ol>yol|nowsdsolsrs.orwlII>oscoOs&‘~’
IddrsssenreoelItofpr|oo.lls.peseIO1. ‘.
hnoaererstsnohb:

HARRY E. wonrr. Publisher. lue.  .
166 West 234 Street .

J

    