 

  

   

A ::r:;.‘f;' /1 .\‘2.5ofn-;.mr. Entered’ .15 S_~‘tc77m’-(.’as5 Matter LI! the N. Y. Rust (./[I;oLt'. Zgv >’Tm“.1-i'r & S.\u'rn, 7;-Sq Sewn//'1 .412-., . . Y.

Ngyv YORK, FEBRUARX 231907. Price, Five Cents

Issued W22 3'.

 

E9 530

 

And then while a person might have counted three. the great animal leaped into the air straight
toward the spot where Nick Carter was standing holding the Roman sword ready for use,

    
 

 

   

 



~ ,>
T‘.:

iN'§W

@AR‘L'r’l'_5.[R  1

 

INHGIK
    3

 

em IL-13? 

  
  

NEW YORK, February 23, 1907.

33113 VIII!!!» 37 WNW?!“ 39-59 199- year 3 Entered as Second-class Mzltzr at Me IV Y Post Oﬂice. by STREET & Surm 7o-éb Sevatb Aw: \‘
M 1". Battered accardmg to Act of Congress nu the year 1907. at the Oﬂice of the Lnhranan of Congress, Washington, D. C v

Price Five Cents.

  
   
   

nAmazon'ian Queen;  

 Mex vCA.RTER   BECOMES. A ‘GLADIATOR.

1

r

 

 

       
       
     
    
    
  

   

A . y ‘CHAPTER I.
W'mcx_ czumza 1-‘Aces AJIYSTERY.

 yacht with perfect lines was resting calmly
"' ate; of the Bermejo River, which is one of
ystetiottsltributaries of the Paraguay. in South

 
 

  

  hu:i'il'recls' of  in every direc-
the point where the’ Viking was "at rest, there
‘ hut‘ iorests and mountain-peé_ks, rising one

-..)

 
  

 ..  ithatnunknown  from

_hed_.-itssource. were frowning Piles
'~' '   rm9'€"°*’bi<1¢ln8 1114“ '5‘
y 7 ~53  thatthe members
      oi the yacht,

    

 
      
  

.. ’ V L *> 1 due to return; and the '-detective felt, that now, when 
Nick;  and his a;ssist- .
andxofwnerv ef ‘the’ V

rescued also from that strange people by the eﬁorts of
Nick Carter and his two.associates.* i

They had ascended the river in a launch which be-
longed to the Viking, and thence, from a point hundreds
of miles above Oran,’ then had penetrated through a_‘cav—
em in the mountains, to a hidden city where the strange'~
people dwelt; and there the rescue had been accom-
plished. V V \ ~ ’

Now. they had returned thus far’; and although the
purpose of their mission was accomplished, Nick Carter" y I
was by no means satisﬁed. ’ 1-’

He felt that a mystery still existed among those moun-gt
tains which he wished to solve.

He had been told by Jack Nielsen, that the strange .
people had gone upon a periodical pilgrimage to the
‘-‘mountain of the sun,” from which they were sliortfi,

      
     
    

princesshad been rescued, and Nielsen saved from 
-fate he had feared at the  of his captors._his 

  

      

 

- z
. the, Niel:
-sészs

Ca ‘ _w“ 
,9f.‘K5¢k‘mCt?RI‘> jg ‘

      

  .‘ “'  '., 1
v '. .

  
  
   
    
   
  
   
     
   
  
 

‘wish was to return again to the valley in the mountains,
/and to know more of the strange and mysterious people
wholived there. A
_ And the group already referred to-—the members of
that little party——were engaged in arguing this very
question. - '
“I will do anything you say, of course,” said Nielsen.
, _ “You know; Carter, how anxious I am to get home again.
My people in New York all believe that I am ‘dead,
and--———”
“You forget,” said Larsen, “that by thisrtirne the cable
a message that was sent for you by my men, from Cor-
rientcs, has been received in New York.” ' '
“No; I do not forget. « But that is all. the more reason
why I should follow it with as little delay as possible. I
_ . submit myself to the will of the party, of course; but I_
‘L ». wish to be quite frank with you in saying that I would
' very much refer to go the other way—-and i have no
doubt that ilda feels the same.” i

i Hilda smiled; then she placed one hand conﬁdingly in
-La_r‘sen’s palm, and replied: . ' l
 ‘"1 go wheresoever my king willslirie to go.” \

' I  Then, while’: ﬂush of pride glowed under the sum
.  and tan of the giant Norv_regian’_s cheeks and brow,
 1 _.she turned her shining eyes toward» the others, one by

N’ one, and added: _ ,i
‘  , '‘You——all of you——do not understand, quite; do you?
‘ The history of our family—.—"Lief Larsen’s and mine-be-

 

.,tl1at one day _we were to be born into the world-;‘that I
1s_h_ould be a lonely prisoner. here, in this land, and that

  

' gliould ﬁnd me._ In that time, almost ten, centuries ago,
ancestor and mine was the same, and that ancestor
 what has now‘  Therefore”—she
  and -faced  thou goest, I
 §!yi11,:°=”‘ _. . . ' . - , .
‘  15r;5xsg¢_s:ui1Ed rather grimly. Then he jam‘; _  , ,
 to be in a. hopeless minority in this anair,‘ so
 expedition pnanimous, I will cast my vote
.-T  Carter had been thinking deeply while this
 was going on, and now he spoke. - _
  Nielsen.” he Siid.» "that it can be arranged
a  _g  may return tolGod’s country without us. 

   
 

   

 
 

  

 Inthatwayyou
 inﬂaﬁouc a<week_if all ‘goes well

,Ni3:w NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

gan almost a, thousand years ago. It was written then s

L  should come from the far north in searchof me and .

  can hire'half~'a dozen, of‘the nssves’ here, -

'_ attack had made; each was sleeping as aounrﬂy,
; [nOl'¢gS0lJndiy, than ever, and each slept on 

 

be hired for the trip, and ‘that in the meantime Nick
i should prepare the letters he wished to send out.

.But Fate decreed otherwise, as we shall soon know. _

The V~ik:'n.g was not_ at anchor in the main river, but
had withdrawn into a tributary where the current was
sluggish, andihere, sheltered behind the ‘spur of a moun-
tain, it rode at ease upon the water.

The night which followed the conversation just re-
corded was a particularly bright one, for the moon was
at the full, and it shone with unusual splendor upon the
polished decks of the Viking.

The result had been that they all remained until late
upon the deck, and that when they did retire to rest, it
was to sleep with unusual soundness.

And then, when the full moon had dropped behind
.the intervening mountains so that the beautiful vessel
rested in the shadow, when the night was still and dark,
three canoes stole silently out from among overhanging
foliage at the shore and were swept by the current, as
noiselessly as ghosts, toward the motionless yacht.

Thewatch in the fore—peak nodded in his drowsiness.
The watch at the stern was sleeping, with his arms
crossed’ upon the taﬁrail and his head resting upon them.
Neithei" of them heard a sound.

And\why should they have heard since the stealthy
forms that approached made no soundwhich would have
aroused a sleeping ‘dog? '

As the canoes touched the sides of the yacht, the peo~
ple in them rose silently in their several places, steadied
themselves, and then one by one drew themselves over I, 31,}.
theirail upon the deck, leaving only one of their ‘number i‘ 
inea‘ch ‘canoe, to hold her fast to the sides of the yacht
while they were away. ,

~The “watch at the fore-peak and“ he at the stern wei'e'
not awakened. ' . _ ' ' ’ 

Something was held beneath the nostrils of each man
which glowed strangely in the darkness; something that ,
burned and smoked like incense, and which produced a 
slumber so profound that the _strangers who had come "3
upon them out of. the darkness did not hesitate to seize
them roughly and drop them as‘ if they were dead men 

‘upon the deck.’ , I . L

Then others of that visiting company stole into the 
forecastle and burned more incense; still others visited
the cabin,-——and half an hour later the three canoes de-

' -§...‘....«r‘ 4-}? ‘\n ‘

    
     
    
   
 

  
    
       
    
    
    
    
     
 

.p,a'i'-ted,‘ as silcntly‘as‘they had come. ,

'With them were borne ﬁve ‘prisoners. Nick Carter" '7
ﬁnd Hilda, tlieprincess, were in one of the boats; Ilarg ,
sen. and Ten,-Ichi were in another’, and Nielsen W88 511, 
the thirdone ;",and"not one of these knew as yet that  W

      
       
     
   
 
 

  

 
 
 

  

‘  while the canoes in which  were
i  '.~s\rift1r[up‘ the Stream ‘ ‘ -  ‘ ‘ 

Nick‘ cam?’ .‘ “hi!

  

 
   

  
       
   
  
    
  
     
   
   
   
   
    
 
    
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
    
    
       
     
        
   
       
    
      
    

“ f and‘ yawned, and then he closed them again with-
but having taken notice of his surroundings; and for a
Jll'l0l'ﬂ€ﬂt he remained so,lfor he was awakening to his
 slowly. '

After a moment he became conscious that he was hun~
.'gry—-ﬁercely hungry, too; then he reached out one hand,
expecting that it would come incontact with the bulk
head which adjoined his berth aboard the Viking.

But the hand touched nothing, and he opened his eyes
againin amazement—-to discoverthat he was not in the
 aboard the yacht, which had been assigned
 h.im—‘-and he sat bolt upright at once, and began to
.> juice notice. . ' ‘

, His’ first discovery was that he was in a lofty and ex- ,
tensive room, which was ‘ beautifully, if somewhat
istlrangely, furnished; upon which the wealth of the In-
wqseemed to have been lavished, although there was
an object there, not even the bed upon which he
ed, that was of familiar shape.

Be rubbed his eyes and looked again, and then he
- - from the couch and crossed to a window, through,
the sun was shining brightly," for there was no
in the frames:-no impediment whatever to the en-
 7o£ light and air.
 outside told him in an instant where he
although for the’ life of him he could form no con-
liastohoi-whehadcornethere. ’
" _ in looking through that openspace of the window
. __ saw the buildings of thathidden city from which he
' ' rescued Hilda and -Nielsen four weeks before; that
thdught it was four weeks ago. '
wever, his last rmollection of certainthings was of '
 aboard the yacht when he and his friends
Seen seated together under the awning of the after
ﬂhfthei Viking. ' V ’
 the world does it all mean?" he asked~him-
, "_ aloud in, his amazement. “The Viking is
 the Bermeio River below Ora'n as'Oran is
 it must be three hundred miles
 no where the Viking is laying. Last "night
-~- asleep in niy’berﬂ1 aboard the yacht; this
:12’ awake'n—-here. -Is it grnagic? . Am 'I be-
 am the  again, then‘, and began
 ‘his clothing, which he found o‘onve-

  

\

  
  

 uqthin‘g.l1ad been takemfrom’ him. . .-

  “ " ‘every mach they had held_.wheh
 irticleof clothing was {aided
. “'i*“5*119di°_8“¥ '.>.°‘*‘l° ‘?‘5.¢°'¥¢‘i

  
  
  

 93-“da 8*¢3ﬂY téiihis s“’P"i593 l‘¢l‘ll-"’°°V‘ I half-aﬁre with gleaming ornaments.

L ‘She wore tightly-ﬁtting, gem—bejeweled leggings, an .
- moccasins of doe—_skin. Her hair, which shone like newly ‘

’ frown? 

.‘a

‘NEW NICK CARTE\R WEEKLY. . 7

the strange city in. which he so mysteriously foul? whim
to er

self.

He knew at once that the hour must be very earlfhe
the morning; he could tell that by the sunlight which ujse
shed upon him, and by that atmospheric condition \VhiC|a
only the hour of dawn possesses, of all the twenty—four.

He recognized the appearance of those strange houses;
he had seen them before; and he therefore knew that
somehow he was back again in the hidden city of the
Cordilleras. -

“But how? How? How?” he kept asking himselff

From his position at the window he could see only
one street of the place, and only a very small part of that;
but nowhere did he catch a view of a human being. ‘

i “It begins‘ to look as if something with wings had
picked me out of my berth at night, and brought me here,
willy nilly,” he said grimly to himself. “I'm not dream—
ing; that’s dead certain. I’m wide-awake; that’s another
axiom.  went to sleep aboard the yacht and I have
awakened here, three or four hundred miles away——wl~ich
is equally true. Now, will somebody who knows kindly
show up and 3211 me what in blazes has happened?”

Then he turned about quickly and sprang into the room
again, for he had heard a low, musical laugh from be
hind him, and he knew that somebody had entered his
apartment. ‘I ‘

. .
---2-1

CHAPTER Il.
THE AMAZONIAN QUEEN.

As Nick Carter leaped from the window to the ‘floor he
wasgstartled almost into an exclamation of amazement
by the appearance of the woman who confronted him,

a.-id who stood there with a smile upon "her strangely‘

beautiful face; standing there like an Amazon, in fact,
for her stature must have been quite six feet, and her
costume, save for a shimmering, transparent, gauze-like
robe that was draped from her shoulders, was almost
masculine. , .

One side of the robe was thrown back carelessly over

her right shoulder;'but it was held together'at the throat:
by a huge buckle of jade, which in turn was surrounded’ '

by gleaming opals, or ﬁre-stones, as they are dften aptly
called. Beneath this, a jacket which blazed with gems
was ‘fastened tightly at the waist, and from this depended
a kilt which\can1‘ only to her knees, and which was also

mined. anthracite, was held in place by broad bands of

hammered gold ta.‘ with jade and other jew_els, among,
which wefe_.,rQughly-polished diamonds and emeralds; and“)
'  depended a long '-‘


aura; white as snow».  ,

 
 
 

  

graft:

 , ‘,wish was

NEW 2\iI"cK CARTER WEEKLY. , '

and to ..uche,s of silver here and there; and now, add to

who yer complexion. . '
' . you have ever seen a highly-polished plate of cop-

 thyr, so placed that not_too much light fell upon it, so
laced that it glowed with a ﬁre and a radiance that ,

Nseemed to'come from within, you can get a correct idea
M of the color of ‘this strange woman’s skin. .

And she was beautiful, too-—-strangely, wondrously

 V-I beautiful! In feature and in ﬁgure she might have posed
‘ for the Venus de Milo.

; _' Her eyes were large and black and luminous; and now,
as she looked upon the detective as he sprang from the
window to the ﬂoor, she was smiling; and when she spoke
;‘her voice was as soft and musical and pleasant as if she
were a trained society woman of New York’--and a wo-

1 man can possess no greater attraction than her. voice
by when she studies well how to make use of it. ‘

And Nick Carter’: astonishment was intensiﬁed when

i * he heard her speak, for although she did not address him .

in the English language,.it was no less' surprising to hear
her‘ use the Norw'egian tongue. ‘

‘V * It is true that it was the ancient Norse-.;hat she made
use of-—-about as much like the Norwegian we hear as
‘ancient Greek is like modern Greek; but Nick, who un-

~-Tderstood and talked the Norwegian language perfectly,

“had already becoine conversant with the Norse through
studying it'with Larsen, and therefore answered‘ her
readily. V ' -p  a ,

, The position in which the detective found himseli was
a. strange one indeed.- '_ p »
Here was ‘:1 woman, strangely beautiful, like no other
omen he had ever seen, in any of the points which ob-
 ‘-i_n_ ‘racial discrimination, costumed differently from

  usages, ancient or modern. although it wasf

lontethixag of an admixture. offthe Roman and Greek.
‘ lung, to him as calmIy‘as if they had been engaged in
13:11 ‘intercourse all their lives; and her first remark came
1\§'OtI_‘IieWh3f in‘the nature oi a revelat_ion.. It was

_  rested after-.yo.ur long sleep?”‘she asked.
J _ niatchless smile which exhibited her white,
‘ winehprcndéred her mouth strkingly beau-
ma   

;;is.i.-.0  I.’

« A

    sin.  -

She did not reply at once and he had to repeat the 

question.

“Your .friends ?” she said then. “The people whom ‘7

we brought here with you? Are they your friends?”
“Certain~ly,’_’ replied the detective.
“Two of them at least cannot be your friends, for they
were here before you came to force your way into this

house——or rather to the roof of it—and to take them ‘

away. As for the other two, I will admit that they may
be your friendspalthough one of them at least was ex-
pected fher’e—has long been expected here, and. you can-
not have been friends with him for a ivery long time.”
“Nevertheless, where are they?” asked Nick.

“They are in the care of my people and they will be p 

well cared for until it is determined what disposition to
make of them,” she replied vaguely.

“And what disposition, is likely to be made of them—— ' i

and of me ?” asked Nick. ,
“Of,/them? -It has not yet been determined. Of you?
It is only fitting that you should be put to death—-al-
though neither has that question been determined as yet.”
She'\_ made the statement as calmly as if she were re-
ferring‘ to, the merest every-day incident; and although

Nick sziw that she was in earnest in what she said, he

“could not refrain from smiling.
“Why?” he asked. . .

Without replying to his question, she turned her re- ’ i

marks to another subject. _
“Although I have never personally been away from

this valley in the mountains,” she said, “I am not uh».

familiar with that world from which you have come.

When I”say, ‘this valley,’ I refer to a chain of valleys one i

' ttfteranother, which extend far to the northward ‘from

here; and beyond, at the extremity of the most remote ' p
wggo 7*.’

‘of them all, is the Mountain of the Sun, where
at stated intervals toyworship 02.” i
Nick inclined his head, and she continued: - A .

“Beyond that place I have never been. although now A
W and then one or more of my people are sent away on er- ‘

rands like that which was the cause of your return here:
‘ “But ‘I. know something of that world of yours, beyond
the rnonntainsinnd the seas,” she continued; and then she
'took_a step nearer to the detective, and added:
“I wouId.havQ you, if you would spare your ownrlife
vutesch me how to conquer their world.”

' “fl‘o conquer the world ?” exclainied the detective,‘ 

scarce believing that he heard aright.
“Yes,”Jshe said. "fTo conquer that world." i ,
“But you can know butyery little of the world indeed
if  that it can be -conquered,” he told her. 
mu ’‘ ' v V J‘  L. i
i I lA;ﬁash of anger cameinto her eyes, and  ii:

 i“.Y¢u,V sir, camiénow but littlgoi me when you

. A-I‘ conqtiergvlgere; I wil

  
  
   
    
   
  
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
 
 

.. sawthe act, and the frownon her brow grew
 With one quick step forward she seized him by the
‘st and held him so, while she said in a low tone that
was intense in its earnestness:

“-You thought it a brave deed to ‘come here when the
people were gone, to enter this home of ours and to steal
‘ the two-whom we left behindus while we were ab-
_ t on our pilgrimage; but I would have you under-
) stand that. if you had come ‘at any other time, you nor
e men who came with you, would never have pene-
 so far. Who and what are you, in your own
country?’ ’ . '

"“I have already told you who I am,” replied Nick.
on have not yet told me who and what you are, mad

; ‘I? I am the'ruler herea-for the present. I am Zai-
dee. ,My word is the law over my people. This is a
where women rule; where men are servants
I’ c v

She had released her hold upon his wrist, and while

and as she ceased speaking, ‘she turned suddenly,
before the detective had ‘the least idea of her ‘inten-
v  had passed through it quickly and closed it be-
,_j her,‘  him again alone; ‘

« v» a he leaped forward, but the ‘door hadcaught

 it‘ closed, and it wis now securely locked
"him; and although he called to her, he received
- ‘ after a moment he turned back to the couch
 been sleeping; and seated himself

   

he mused, with a smile. “She would oon~
ynrld,’.eh-?’ By Jove.‘ she little.-knows how easy

 be for her,‘ in one particular at least,
‘- ' ' , ' bounty others, with’ thet='ma,gniﬁoent

  

 
 

 "i 1‘   was still

  

_ hit  loundsof approaching feet
.  ‘“°F"“" "*“°"
 _  again at what

   
 
   

  

  

 ,»,,,._‘~,,_;..»; 

 NEW’ NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ’ 7

 now she took several steps backward until she‘
 close to the door through which she had’ entered the .

   that iabledcouniry of, the‘

'  Iefthereoollcction of his appe- .

'  -';~_'.tf«:§‘£'J"~’.‘.’“?a

There, drawn up in double ﬁle, with short','h where
riﬂes carried at ease in the hollows of their leftto her
and dressed in costumes, precisely similar in leverﬂ the
spect, save quality of richness and decoration. to lose
worn by the queen who had preceded them, were tea
soldiers--and they were women! ' '

Their costume was minus the cape-cloak that had been
pendant from the shoulders of the queen, and the gems
and jewels were absent. Also the texture of the clothing
was different, for where hers had been fashioned of rich
fabrics,‘these were of doe -skin; and where the queen had
worn gold and jcwelsin her hair, these women were
provided with bands and buckles that were made of goat
horn. - 4 ‘'
Otherwise theydooked as if they might all have been
her sisters. '

There was the same lofty stature: the same pride of
bearing; the same regularity of feature and severe beauty
of face and ﬁgure; the same r>ed—bronze hue of complex- 

ion and the same ﬂashing, luminous black eyes.

They were all young, sturdy, handsome: and they stood
there beyond the open door as if they were indeed sta-
tues of bronze. ’ p I .

“I have visited strange countries and I have heard of
strange people,” thought the detective, “but surely this
is a new experience to me.” , . '

There was an eleventh, who stood slightly in advance
of the others, and who carried a short, broad, dagg-er~
shaped sword that was shaped like the weapons of the
Roman centurians. i

An impulse came to the detective that he would try
the quality of these feminine warriors, and so, while the
two men were arranging the table with the food upon it,

he stepped quickly toward'the open door and upon the ' '

threshold, as if he would have passed outside.
But he got no farther. '.

.u.

Instantly theshort sword in the hands of the oﬁiccr ‘ ,
was pressed against him so that the point of it pricked 
his ‘flesh through his clothing, and the ten riﬂes were  
swung around so that their muzzles covered his heirt; 

  
    

nor was that all. i ‘ -
There was no wordispoken ; but when Nick would have
I held his ground, the woman with the shortrsword a.d~.:",
vanced slowly, but "surely, and the sharp point of  J
weapon sank‘ deeper and deeper into his flesh‘ until 
I was obligcdto ‘give way, for he realized that unless,"h_ef
\did’ so the sword in that relentless hand would 

Ipaes throughhis body. " g  jg _
And the instant he crossed the threshold again, 
out 3 word ofcarnmand being uttered,-the point”o£_,thct
sword  and  were swung bock.,,intio":

 

n o  . »-8   amm'ed.iu of o’  I‘

 

3
I

 
      
    
    
     
     
 
 

      
    
        
   
  

   
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  

, ',wish we‘
land  taking place; but Nick saw a ﬂash of scorn and
Whig. ,lpt in the eyes of the one who held the sword;
. V _» ,‘he knew then that if he had not given backward
 3.’ . would have slain him quite as calmly as she had
'' h:aced him. ‘ '
' tween them passed from the room again; the door closed
and Nick ‘could hear the tread of departing feet beyond
. it; and through all this scene not a word had been
spoken-—not one.

CHAPTER III.

’ ‘rm-: LEAP or .-rm: TIGER. ‘

A We hear-—and sometimes taste—of varieties of food;
p ‘but after all is said, food is much the same the world
- _ over. Wherever one goes it will be found to consist of
meat and vegetables, and the only real difference exists
.. in the methods of preparation.
 , Nick Carter found that this breakfast that had been
brought to him was exceedingly savory, and being very
A ;_hungry, hg ate it all; and after that he found a solitary

cigar in’one‘of his pockets, which he proceeded to enjoy
to the utmost.

.While searching for,the cigar he came again upon his
. revolvers, which had not been taken from him, and he
 wondered at this, for since he had seen the riﬂes in the
hands of the Amazonian soldiers, he was aware that they
were perfectly familiar with the uses of ﬁrearms.
 Then, while he sat there, pondering and smiling over
the predicament he was in, he was suddenly aware that
‘a sense of drowsiness ‘was stealing over him, andihe
 to his feet, startled by the realization that he had
' ’ '.Thoroughly convinced of this, he sought by every
 in his powes-to overcome the feeling of coma
xtilat wnslstealing over him. He walked up and down
the room; he ﬂung out his arms in all sorts of callisthenic
,e:.neI'eises; He sought by every means at his command
‘to,’ overcome the drowsiness that ‘was steadily engulﬁng
.Heil'an to the door again, and tried with all his
A 'gtli'tdopen it; heleaped upon the casing of the win-
’  went out again upon ‘the ledge; and then he re-
 to the room and threw himself once more upn
itlieeouch; and there he speedily lost himself in slum~

-u

    

  

  
  

”'*'A’nd._then—-A long hours afterward as he supposed!-—_
‘the second awakening. '

     
 
  
   

NEW NICK “CARTER WEEKLY.‘

And then the two men who had borne the table be— ’

side, and then the queen who called herself Zaidee en-
' tered through the gates, followed by other women like

- on every side; tiers of empty ‘seats theyswere,
.  __ .N.,, 1.: ‘k ‘ -_ \ " .| V V.
' " '”diroeﬁy.down,npon~‘him.fron1

  tiaedeteeﬁzve. “The  is ‘non of Quaker 

\,.

  

of the day, although he had no idea whether it was the
same‘ day that he had eaten his breakfast or not. 

He had been stripped of his clothing, and now, save 
for trunks of buck-skin which extended»-from\ his waist al-
most to his knees, he was naked. « = '

Beside him, on the bare ground where he had been-
lying, was a short sword, exactly like the one with which
the female warrior had pricked his breast; and while he
stood there looking at” it, a sullen roar came from some
where behind him, and he turned to see that under the
rising tiers of seats in one place there was a grating, and
that beyond the grating two ﬁercely blazing eyes were
gleaming out upon him hungrily. - 

“One would think that I had suddenly stepped into
the leading part in a comic opera,”‘ he told himself, smi-
ling rather grimly; “only, from what I can see, this af~ '3
fair promises to be much more like a tragedy. And
there isn’t a human being in sight, either.”

He‘ made the circuit of the arena slowly, for it was Al,-«_
a small place of its kind, being not more than ﬁfty or .3
sixty feet in ‘diameter; and he stopped before the bars
of the den wherein a huge and evidently hungry cougar
—-—the South American tiger-—was ﬁercely growling. 
I “It is quite evident,” he thought, “that these people
have preserved their ancient customs. They have got 5
an arena an‘d they have a tiger. If only there was 'an- ,';,;
other cage, now, with the beautiful Phenician queen in ' V
side it, I might ﬁnd that this affair is another version
of Stockton’s ‘The Lady or the Tiger.’ Hello! What's
coming now ?” '

He could hear the murmur of many voices proceeding “ta
from beyond the walls of the arena, and after a moment 
a huge double gate was thrown open, and there ﬁled- 
through it“ in solemn procession the people of this small "W
Amazonian empire._

They came by twos and threes, in bunches and in
groups; and he noticed that the women all went to one
side of the arena,‘ while the men took the opposite side. _

It was true that they talked among themselves while
they took their seats upon the benches, but it was in sub-
dued tones, and with very little laughter; and then, when Q
they were all seated, the men’on one side and the women 
on the other, to the number of three or four hundred in 
all, a sudden hush fell upon them. ‘i

This was followed by a blare of trumpets from the out-

.r

        
    
        
       
      
      
 
      
     
       

herself, who were evidently of the nobility, or perhaps _
of the royal family itself; and these in turn were fol- '
lowed by the same bodygiiard of feminine soldiers that
had appeared at the door of Nick’s room that morning:
when his breakfast was served to him. A -
“Th; comic-‘opera element of this affair seems to 
about over. and. the tragedy is about to begin,” thought

      
 

 V.‘ ,

 
  

 too-—or a Shaker meeting, or a sort of synagog'ue~—with
'35 the men on one side and the women on the other~—and
 nobody saying a word.” _
a He looked about him in vain for some sign of his fel-
 low prisoners, but not one of them was there save him-
} self; and then somebody stood up and began to talk in a
f language he did not understand.
V’ "Even their high priests are women!” muttered the
‘T detective. “By Jove! But this is a queer place that I
:2 have gotten into this time.” i
i’ The queen had taken her place in a sort of box that
- had been reserved for her, and she sat alone at the very
 front of it, close to the rail‘ over the arena itself, while
1 behind her were gr-oped her waiting women--or her suite,
. as we may be pleased to call them. -
-  had folded his arms and was standing facing her,
é so interested in the proceedings that he almost forgot
’* the peril he was in; and now she rose slowly in her place
 and beckoned for him.to approach. i e
 i As he drew near to her, in obedience to the summons,
_ he ‘law that the barrier around the arena was not so high
$5‘ but. that by a running leap he might reach it and pull
‘~. himself over; and he ~wonderé'd« at this, for if he could
' perform such a feat, surely it would be a comparatively
easy matter for the cougar, once released from its cage,
to do the same. ' ‘
‘ Bttteven as-he approached the place where the queen
was beckoning to him, attendants of the arena began to
stretch a strong net around the entire structure at the top
of thebarrier, and this he saw at once would effectually
gated: the spectators from the possible attack of the

     
  
 
 
 
   
 
     
  
    
  
    
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
      
 

jg. For the-net, though strong, was ﬁne, and the beast
 not be able to see it from the ground-—that is, he
  it snﬂiciently plain to clear it if he should
F!?k.l=ar .

.;lo}Ni=k- patistd in front of her and stood with folded

9il‘H»'.'v she  pointing toward the wild beast
,   arhnngry tigetgtven as you were hungry
l _, __ In your right hand; I perceive, you have
‘_ of the .only.weapon you will
‘ which todeﬂrnd yourself.

. 7'  the tiger will be 100%. If you over-
 released, and an another; each

NEW NICK CARTER Wl3.EKLY. 7

The den of the tiger was almost directly beneath where
the queen was seated; that is, it was a few paces to her
right; and now, as Nick stepped backward toward the
center of the ring—for he had no wish to be so close
when the animal should be released—he saw her make a
signal with her hand, which he knew was a command
that the cage be opened.

Already he had studied the interior of the arena with
its rows of seats above it, and he understood that there
was no hope of escape for him from the place.

But even as he stepped backward an idea occurred to

him which he resolved to put into execution the moment '

that the door of the tiger’s cage should swing open.

He still held the short sword in his right hand.

He had already tested the blade and the point. and he
knew that it was as sharp as a razor at both edges, and
that it had a needle—like point.

And then the barred door of the tiger’s cage swung
slowly ajar.

Nick was watching warily, and now he saw the tiger
make one spring outward into the open space of the

‘arena--and come to a full stop, crouching and lashing

its sides with its tail.

And then Nick Carter carried into effect that idea that
had occurred to him so suddenly, while he was backing
away from the presence of the queen.

He knew that the tiger would be puzzled by its sudden
liberty; he knew that such beasts think slowly; he knew
that five or ten seconds must elapse before the beast would
venture upon the_attack that was expected of him-and
much may happ‘en within ﬁve seconds.

The tiger was twenty feet away from him at an acute
angle toward the left; the queen sat in her high seat di-
rectly in front of him, at about the same distance away,

just behind the net which the attendants had stretched A

for her protection.

The instant when the tiger crouched and began to
lash his sides with his tail, Nick Carter leaped forward,
not toward the tiger, but directly toward that part of the
barrier behind which Zaidee, the queen, was seated.

.He covered the distance in three quick leaps and then
bounded into the air, for now if ever in his life his ath-
letic training stood him in need.

So well did he calculate .the distance, and his own
powers, that he alighted on his knees upon the top of
the barrier,  the netting with his hands and in-
stantly pulling [himself to his feet, for he now held the
short sword in his teeth, ready for instant use.

Assoonasheobtainedhisbalanceonthetopofthe
l:arr3er,lieseisedtheswordinhishandagaia.and.wlth
onequiﬁslubheentthenettingasifitwerestring,
§romtoptobottonn;and.then,beforetheannaedqneai
andherpeoplerealised what had happened,behad
hﬂntdluwﬂliﬁﬁdfnﬁedzaideeinlnisarms. ,
4-=1"-!r.l~.i.-I-si-ied»:I|=-t the new was by n9~--ms.

 

  
 
 

V 8

  

feather—weight; and yet to Nick Carter's great strength
she was scarcely more than that. t
, So quickly did he act» that he had seized her in his arms
before she guessed his object in leaping the barrier, for
"the natural supposition was that he had done so in an
effort to escape the tiger.

‘But the spectators were speedily undeceived as to that.

They saw him seize upon the person of their queen;
they saw him lift her in his arms and hold her so that she
could not escape~and then they saw him turn‘ and leap
back again into thearena, bearing the queen with him;
 and he ran with her to the very center of the ring before
he rgleased her.

And then, as he set her down upon her feet, a shout
of‘ warning came from the people on the benches, and he
turned just in time to see the cougar creeping toward
them on its belly, lashing its sides, and preparing for
theispring toward them that was to follow. '

But now a sudden and evidently a totally unexpected

, interruption occurred.
T Nick had raised his sword to receive the attack of the
tiger, which was slowly creeping nearer when another
‘animal of the same kind leaped into the ring from.the
same opening, and with two bounds it had crouched be-
side the ﬁrst one. i T ,

This condition of things, however,» lasted but an in-
‘stant, for the ﬁrst animal, interrupted in its projected
feast, its attention diverted by the presence of a rival,
itufned with fury upon the newcomer and in another in-
stant-the two were rolling over the ground of the arena
 two huge rats in mortal combat.

.,-. But even that lasted only an instant, for it was inter-
 by the roar of a third animal of the same species,
/hich bounded forward‘frorn the open cage, and with
Jeeps came to a stop directly infront of the de-
Iective, where he now sgood, like a gladiator of old. with

" arm‘ around the Amazonian queen, and with the
 Roman sword grasped in his right hand,
vlbtlylfor instant and deadly use.

  held their breath in suspense, while
-all awaited the leap of the tiggr upon its victims.

_ p CHAPTER IV.
, ‘  ‘me:  nncoues A cunrxron.
 as wait.!. ‘"

‘I-’hegreatcatwasalcing.ofhiskind°—-almostaslarge

the.others“_~ and  y ﬁerce.’ Its pres-
there  to have awed Leather two beasts,

W!   awn sat. and slunk back-,
fra;nthetbird.onc,aa’ifinmonaI*fearofit.
     

  
 

   
 
   
 

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

\

\

sword ready for use. ‘

Nick had already tested the edge of the weapon he
held in hishand; he knew it to be as sharp as a razor;
and now, insteadiof stabbing with it when the tiger
leaped toward him, he brought it down with terriﬁc force,
as if it had been a broadsword, at the same instant giv-
ing'a start backward and a little to one side, pulling the
queen with him. ..

By that quick motion he succeeded in evading the blow
of the great paw; and as the weapon fell, it cleft the ani-
mal’s leg in twain as if it had been a straw. '

So clean was the cut, and so lightninglike in its swift-
ness that the animal was itself hardly conscious of it until
it came down with a thud upon the sanded ground,
alighting upon the bleeding stump of the severed leg.

And then it uttered one bowl of pain; and for an in-.
stant it seemed to look with amazement upon the bare '

stump where the huge forearm and-massive paw had been
— and with a whining cry it began to lick at the wound.

It was'then that Nick for an instant released his hold
upon the woman beside him; it was then that he took a
hasty step forward, movihg almost as quickly as the great
cat itself, and again the razor—edged weapon descended
with all that force that was in the detective’s arm.

This time the sharp blade fell squarely upon the tiger’s
neck just behind the ears, and just as the ﬁerce brute at-
tempted to raise its head toward the man who had dared
to approach so near to it.

The cut was clean and thorough, thanks to the quality

and edge of the blade; and the tiger’s head rolled away“

from the body through thesand of the arena-ﬂoor.’
’ But now the remaining two were bristling with rage.
They» had witnessed the defeat and death of their mon-
ster companion '—the only thing on the earth that they
feared, and they seemed to understand that the lord of
the jungle was down and out for good and all. V _
Again theyncrouched; again they lashed their sides
with their tails; again they made rqidy to spring upon
their victims, and Nick saw that unless something was
done to distract them they would make the leap at the
same instant, and that it would then require a miracle
indeed to save himself and the woman.
' The inspiration seized him to do the very thing-—a‘nd
perhaps the only thi'ng—-that could have served him in
this extremity. r

“With a quick motion he seized the cape—cloak already 
described wogn by the woman as a part of her costume. {

With a jerk he tore it loose from its fastenings, and then;
Waddirfg it into a ball,ihe threw -it into the faces of;
two beasts that crouched -facing him. ,
It partly unrolled as it fell, and it entirely 
sheadof one of the‘ beasts, which snapped at it sa  M
 at  yo tearing’ ‘atit wiuiteetlu  T

     
 

    
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
      
   
  
  
  
   
    
   
    
 
   
  

the queen and with the other hand holding the Roman,

thef

  

     
   
  
 
  
   
 
 
   
   
  
  
   
 
     
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
    
  
       
   
     
  
     
    
   

.» .,
'0

/ But all this the detective did not see, for the. remaining
was already in the air in its leap toward them.
Again Nick struck downward as he had done before,
tﬁut this time his aim was diﬁerent. He felt that he must
 he the chance of receiving a wound in order to render
»that first stroke of his a death-‘dealing blow; and he did
WTln's time he _struck between the descending paws;
Struck at the head—and hit it, cleaving it open straight
rough the center, and bringing the huge body to the
ust, a quivering mass of inarticulate ﬂesh and bone.

But the tiger had not entirely missed, either.

In order to reach the animal’s head, the detective had
 obliged to lean far forward and to reach out with
‘S ‘arm; and the great paw in ‘descending grazed the
f1¢tective’s right shoulder, cutting a deep gash as _it fell.
\Bu_t Nick did not heed this wound then. He had no
‘time to do so.

_Ah,'e3dy the remaining cat » had disengaged himself
' v the entangling meshes of the cloak, and even as

J j detective recovered himself* from the force of the
How he had already delivered, it leaped toward him.
 saw that it was too late to defend himself as he had
A ‘s twice before; he saw that the beast must alight al‘—
m0§t'tlirectly ‘upon him; and he realized that there ‘was
but Ode way to conquer now, and that it must be at great
Qnddangerous risk to himselfand the queen as well.

I  tiger made the leap toward them he pushed
. backward with all _his strength, so that he sent
 reeling to the ground several feet away; and as he
 that, he dropped upon both knees, and with his left
at upon the ground supporting the weight of his body,
, y . need? his right hand in striking upward with the point

i  weapon as the tiger fell upon him from above.

‘ ,  with which he delivered that particular
he aiways»ascribe'd to chance, for he had neither
* I-opportunity todirect it more that‘: generally at

4

 of the beast. ;

.. .

~’th_e'hlade, sharp at both edges, and needle-
‘ " Istraight through the tige‘r’s heart.

I in " was not pretty to look upon when he rolled
E fthequivering body of the beast and re-
 attitude, for the blood -of the creature

 him. i A A I

  

  

 his body. . 1 A \
 conscious .of' thewociferous cheers
  side of the arena, nor did he
« ‘ , women and linen‘ pat‘; leaped upon
v'Vfa_ving.,at  evérything they had
they were not  other
‘ ' ' atwrﬁon svéthenn.

 
   

 
  
 
  
   

 
    

  

 

‘ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ‘ 9

 it was that directed it for him, it went

,    face and head, and.

= word..’’,, a ‘ .5



and having drawn herself to her full height and thrown
back her head with a haughtycgesture, she stood looking
upon him with dilated nostrils and ﬂashing eyes, and with
a strange smile which the detective could not deﬁne upon
her handsome face. i
. He still held the Roman sword in his hand, for he had
withdrawn it from the body of the tiger when he regained
his feet; and now, with it gleaming red in the sunlight,
he advanced toward her.
“Queen Zaidee,” he said, stopping within two paces
of her, “do those Amazons of yours— ———— A ”
“What are Amazons?” she interrupted him,
change of expression. I

without a

“Amazons were, until now, supposed to be a mythical
people where women bore the arms and—where men were
the domestic creatures of the land. Do those people of
yours understand the language we talk together?”

“No.”

“None of them?”

“A very few.”

“Then I will have to ask you to translate forme what
I have to say to you.”

.“Say it.”

“I want you to tell them that I had a purpose in seizing ’
upon you and bringing you down into the arena to face
the tiger, beside me; tell them that in a few moments I
shall lop‘ off the head of their queen—Zaidee’s head .- i
even as I did the tiger’s, unless the demands I make shall
be complied with.” .

“I had supposed,” she replied ‘coldly, “that you would

strike off my head first, and make your demands after-'

ward.” .

“We are not so trained in the country I come from,”
said Nick drily. ,

“My life is yours now. Take it if you will,” she said
to him, and still without a change of expression.

“I would far rather give it back to you,” he told her,
smiling this time. ‘.‘All that I ask is that I and my friends ‘ -
who are also prisoners here somewhere be assured of our
safety, and of our liberty to depart whensoever we
choose.” » ' .

“You -may depart,” she replied. “You and two of your
former companions; you and the little, dark-skinned fel- ;

low, and the man who has been a prisoner here while ﬁve 

summers have come and gone. You and those two may
go when» you will, Nicholas the Strong.” "

Nick grinned at the new title; he could not help it, 

even under the extremitfof the situation.
“I am not Nicholas the Strong,” he said; “I am Nicho-
las the Carter.” ‘

.“The carter?" What is that? I do n6t know the

   
 
 

V  is not

    know it, 

  

 

K
\
\
x

 

 

    
   
   
  
   
    

wegian.” . 4 '

j A “Demand?” Her red lips curled with scorn as she ut-

. tered the one word in interrogation.

L “Yes.”

She almost laughed aloud

greplied coldly enough. '

“I refuse,” she said.

f ’ .“Even when your life is at stake?” V

: H“My life? That is nothing. Take it. It is yours."

’, “I don’t want it, thank you,” said the detective, shrug~

 his shoulders. “I suppose you know that this is all.

hluﬁ, eh? That a man, whojs at all a man, cannot kill a
3. woman under any circumstances.”

 ~ She looked upon him in grave astonishment.

‘. , 4‘fA w_oman may not kill a man, save under great pro-

’,  vocation,” she said calmly, “but a man may not kill a

'7 “woman? That is strange, indeed. Men often kill wo~

 here—when the woman’s back is turned.”

 “Gee! Somehow you have turned the world upside

ivdowu,.in this» place.”

 As he spoke, he realized suddenly that a strange hush

" had fallen upon the people on the benches, and as he

v glanced hastily around. him he saw that every pair of

eyes was ﬁxed upon him, watching his every act. \
:.“_Why,do your people look at me so strangely?” he

 of her. I . '

‘ '"“They are waiting for you to strike,” she replied calmly.,

"~To strike? To strike whom? You?"

 They have never seen a spectacle like this be-

ﬁ'_'==n°w»” ‘ y y .— ‘
4‘i~.l;5”had suppowd that it was quite familiar to them,’

. -q.  V _ _ ,\  . A

Oh’! . The arena’ and the tigers? Yes. It is. But

_  of a woman overcome by a merefruan‘;' the

A’ "V   of their queen standing before a man. with her

 to him~‘-the ‘spectacle of_ any woman, least

"queen,'being siibdued by a man,4i_s strange to

 not know what‘to make of it." ‘

A

then-,' Niekthought; but she.

  

  

  

  

  

gt

  

, 'sh’é’sajtl. “When brought me down here
"  I hopedthat the tigenbr atleast one-of
  "  'should‘”have seized your
"s‘  fought with’e‘theinj1nyself. But you are
‘  i;nen;1you'?are‘strong_er  ‘more ﬁerce;

'54.-; -2 ;_

  
   

    

gangrene " '

     

  

ﬁsh:

 

NEW NlCK CARTER WEEKLY.: 

. She did not understand that to his ‘ears the word “femi-

 Unless
‘    artnirny-‘__ M '

[ ‘ . V ’ ‘  g"  ’_"':.~.1’~,*. -

.!;

  

man. But you are diﬁerent. My life is forfeit to you
now. Have you the courage, the hardihood, to’ meet me ,
on equal ground? If you have, and you should win, then ’ 
your demand: shall be met. Will youﬁght with Zaidee ?"

CHAPTER V.
THE COMBAT IN THE ARENA.

Nick Carter /during his varied career had been con-
fronted by many remarkable conditions and circum-
stances, but never in all his life had he been brought face
to face with a proposition of this kind~—-and it is not:
strange that he hesitated. -

Neither is it strange, when we stop to consider the
environment of the queen, that she misinterpreted his
reasons for the’ hesitation.

She belonged to a nation of women warriors; to a na- -
tion where the men were as inferior in feats of arms as
wom are inferior to. men in our own country. She
was t e ruling queenof that nation, and she was the most
redoulitable warrior of them all.

VVith*every weapon known to her people she excelled;
and it is not strange, therefore, that when Nick Carter
hesitated and faltered over his reply to her remarkable
request, she should attribute that hesitationyto a doubt on
his part of the wisdom of so great an undertaking as an '
attempt to conquer her, the queen, by a feat of arms.

She did not know that to him she was after all only; ,
a woman-and a wondrously beautiful woman at that.

     
 
        
    
   
       
    
       
     
      
    

nine” was equivalent to a claim 'for protection from and
by him. . , _
She knew that her own people were looking down upon
her from the benches around. the arena with unstinted '
admiration, knowing as they did what her powers were,
with the" Romdn sword in her strong, rightjhand, and she 3
believed‘ that he regarded her in the same light. ‘
It could not occur to her that the detective saw before
him only a woman and that he would no more strike her
with the sharp edge of the sword he held in his hand,’or
pierce her bronzed ﬂesh ‘with the point of it than he would » I A ~
have but/ehered a child;. I - ‘\ ' ‘
T And so she ‘misinterpreted his hesitation, and conf
ﬁtrued it to be alarm,’ fear, caution; anything but the  IL.
sentiment that was back of it. it i
1 She laughed softly; her eyes blazed with contempt  «3
scom-—-and she taunted him. ‘ ‘ "
-"You do well to hesitate,” she said. “You are not 
iitstwho have ’drawn'back' when broright face to,
with Zaidee, thequeen." Indeed, it. would be a sm-“pi 
to thosewhose eyes areupon you if you were to 

    
       
     
       
     
  
     
 

   
     
  

       
   
    

    
 

  

    
   
   
   
   
    
  
   
  
  
   
     
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
    
  
  
  

 

 little while ago, when you seized me and brought
down here by sheer force and against my will, for a
A’ - t I respected you. I thought you different from
~~- 1‘ men; but now-—” .

‘You “forget, Zaidee,” he said mildly, “the difference
.401-It education. I have been taught _to_regard women
having a claim on my protection. In my country to
ttack a woman, or even to oppose one, is considered
an act of cowardice. If I should injure you with this
Wfapon that I hold in my han'd——-”

 ‘And yet bufnow you threatened me with it; you
 tened to lop off my head.”

7“-“But surely you did not believe, even for a moment,
tliatql would really do such a thing.” .

5 'Why not? Certainly I believed it; and you intended
that I should.” '

"'But, Zaidee, you are a woman; you are a beautiful
woman; you are--V ” .

1’ “Enough! You are afraid. You are a coward. You

 to fight with me.”
turned about and raisedther hands toward’ the
V . , and was about to say something to the listening
" watching people, when the detective’s resolution was
' - and he stopped her. i ‘

, “Wait,” he said. .

She turned upon him again with ﬂashing eyes.
“Well ?” she asked. ’

t I,  itbe as you say,” he added. “When in Rome, do

as.Romans do."
.;Y0u will light with me?”-

V l V shall be no shields, Nicholas.”

 shall be as you make them,_Zaidee.”
 changed again. . The scorn fled from
 and again that gleam of admiration'that,he had
‘iii.  but once appeared. ' . .
  aright to'm‘ake‘the conditions,” she said.

I I that right to you‘."— f

    

 of the combat shall nevertheless be as
in-saw-W u

  

' Iaﬁnd you‘ all fire and strength,  eve-
, *' thatfof touchiiig, the sacred body of
  I‘f_ind you tremblingwith
 of  inbor-
.  pen: in my hand; and then comes
-l ._  our cour'ase:rctur.ns tqyou.

  
   
      
 
     
 

 
   

“NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 the challenged ‘and also theweaker party a
n.‘ ' ~ , ~’ ‘ _ .

 word, Nicholas, you are astrange being. _

ithieoue of those ‘
"‘.’.‘;“:'§?"°l»“.-"“"* 

   

Make your conditions. I will meet them—and
you.

She turned again toward the people on the benches
and she called out to them in that unknown tongue of
which Nick here and there caught only a. suggestion of
its meaning; but as she talked he saw varying expres-
sions cross the faces of those who listened, and he knew
that something had caused them great astonishment; and
when the queen had ﬁnished, there was a burst of ap-
plause such as had not been given before, even when he‘
slew the tigers.

A moment later one of the young woman-soldiers
leaped into the arena and brought with her a sword like 
that which Nick held in his hand; and presenting it by
the handle to her queen, she withdrew again, and once 
more climbed upon the benches.

A deathlike stillness was over the place now, as Zai-
dee, sword in hand, turned and faced the detective; and
Nick said to her, very quietly:

“One moment, Zaidee.”

“Isthis a return of your spasm of cowardice?” she de-
manded, with one foot advanced toward him.

“No.” ,

“What then?” «

I “You will have to give me a word or two of instruc-
tion regarding this combat which you have seen ﬁt to
impose upon me. You must remember that I know noth-
ing of your methods of ﬁghting. You must tell me some- '
thing of your set rules of attack and defense.”

“There are only two rules,” she replied. “‘To kill-
and to iceep yourself from being killed.” I

“No more than that?” ‘

«(N039 ’ ' V 

“It is not sufficient, then, to win the ﬁght, that only
blood be drawn ?”

“A truce to parleying!” she cried out angrily. “Kill——'
or be killed!” and she leaped forward to the attack so
ﬁercely that she almost struck him down at her feet be-
fore he had a chance to defend himself at all. V

He gave ground, of course, as he had to do,, for her ' 
blade was making a circle of light around his head, which
was for the moment dazzling.

In that instant the detective realized two things. They V
were: ‘That the woman would kill him if she coulddou M 
so, and that she was an undoubted master of the ,weapon; f" I"
she wielded. , '. l  A

We who are familiar with the career of Nick Carter.
know that-‘helwas proficient even to the point of Wm!-
drous dexterity with the use of all arms; we know‘a1ao I
that he was. particularly skilled in the use of the broad-"

.:.ButJberei was aweapon -in’his.sras1> which, whilgs

 
       
     
    
   
    
       
  

 

           
   
    
  
  
   
    
 
   
   
    
   
  
  
   
  
  
  

7.

was sharp as a razor on both edges, and it
and needle-pointed.

The eﬁectiveness of his weapon against the tigers had
shown him something of the quality of these blades, and
i he knew that the slightest touch against the ﬂesh of the
 woman who faced him so dauntlessly and, so savagely
would mean a wound which might prove mortal; and
what was still more important, he knew that she was

was straight

‘;him". ’
7 Of course the reader understands that Nick Carter’s
eﬁort in the tight was to be devoted entirely to efforts
at defending himself from harm and disarming her; for
, trikevher 'with that terrible’ weapon he would not; and
twice in that first onslau ht, she laid herself open to an

schools of Europe, he might have wounded her seriously.
 She iseemed to realize this when he failed to take ad-
vantage of his opportunity the second time, and she at-
 him the ﬁercer for it. _

j‘.'NiCk was amazed at the strength of her arm and wrist;
at-. the dexterity with which she wielded her weapon, and
 the ﬁerceness of her attack.

- J-‘He gave ground constantly, traveling in a circle, while
r ej pursued him step by step, and she seemed never to
. tire.‘ either. .

' ,5 Time after time he might have drawn blood from her
 arms, for she had thrown aside the jacket she had
 ' Time after time, he might have pricked‘ her neck,
 throat, herbosom-m_ight'even have jabbed the point
  blade through her heart;'and time after time she
 near. to taking his life with her own weapon: ‘

  

    
 

_ -‘taughth It understood '_none of the tricksvof the art
 knew them. He realized that among her own peo-
” she _rnust._indeed be a warrior to dread because of
  ﬁerceness of her attack. and-because of the agil-
_  and strength in her arms. and the‘ lreennesslof vision
 L  b1~=k:¢yes. l 

  

_ “ hue‘-she, followed him-step by step. with the light of
‘ ' ' ' herlmttehless eyes and the blood-vthirpt in her
. ‘ .. _

  

 looked upon the scene spell-bound,‘ for

W}!

 ermsh teiwifness
e.li_ke’,th_isone;‘~ ‘ ' - ’ i

  

_ as  than might get;

  
 
 

 .. ..    ’ i a NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

ﬁghting ﬁercely to inﬂict just such a blow as that upon .

attack where, with his superior skill, taught _in the best .

, tion. ' \

er, school of fence with the blade she wielded was "

 so   to give  traveling in a cir- ‘
V to kill, and she should for a second, at least, neglect her A

-_ . V  _ e ., v - _ ‘caution of grip and wrist action‘. -
weapons. rang like bells  they clashed together, »

'har‘e  queen, and they under»
i ‘ attack; he sprang ‘backward a step, and then he swung
greaterthan ‘any he’had used before during that-zoom 
  ‘bis-  is“ W safe, ‘wee’  n

-

  
 

planation which they understood-—-uJn'ch she, the queen,
also understood, but of which Nick Carter did not even
dream.

He was to learn ‘what it was later on, however; He
was tounderstand that in ﬁghting the _battle in the way
he did but brought upon him further complications of M ;
which he did not know at the moment.

Nick sought from the beginning to disarm the queen, ,
but her wrist was like steel and her hold upon the weapon
she held was like a vise.

But she did not possess_the endurance that was Nick
Carter’s. .

Any other man, facing her as he did, might have been 
overcome and stricken down speedily before her furious 
attack; any other man might have tired even more rapidly
than she did; but Nick Carter was steel in his ﬂesh and
bones, whalebone in his muscles.

He knew when the furious pace she had set began to
tell upon her.

The ﬂush upon her bronzed cheeks grew deeper as she
fought; but after a time this began to fade, and gradually
it gave place to a suggestion of pallor—-—to -a fading of
the color of lips and brow and checks which betokened
fatigu l;vand he knew that she was tiring rapidly, and
that s ‘n she must succumb to him from sheer exhaus-

 

And she knew ,lt as well as he did. ‘ Hi

It angered her‘; maddened her; and suddenly, with a
desperate cry, she leaped forward upon him as if she were
determined in that last effort’ to do as she had proclaimed
———to kill, or to be killed.

"Die!” she cried out; and the weapon in her hand was
poised for the fraction of an instant directly over his
head. ' ' ' '

., ,_ n~..~,,_

 
 
   
      
 
 

I
ocu-cu-v

"CHAPTER VI.
NICK CARTER wms A QUEEN. .

It-«W33 forgthis moment that Nick Carter had   ‘
waiting; the moment of an unguarded attack when all of ~
Zaidee's effort should become centered upon the desire

      
   
      
     
     
   

     

It came with this spasmodic attack, when she dashed
through his’ guard, reckless of her own danger, and 4
sought to bring her Romansword down upon the crown
of his skull; and -it was with a force that wou1d»havp,
cleft his head open to his shoulders had it landed.

Be: it did "not land.  ’ ._ » -

The detective ciouchéd a little as she leaped to the *1

      
     
  

    
 

his own weapon around with a force that was gegifgla

 
   
 

I The Edgeof his own blade caught hers just 

   

 

 
 

  
   
 
  
   
    
    
  
   
 
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
    
 
  
  
  
  
     
     
  
      
 
   
     
     

L1 ' .
. wngweapon, and it cleaved through it as if the blade"
(5 made of paper. ' ~
e- next second she stoodwveaponless, disarmed, be-
The blade of her sword had ﬂown through the air
ard the benches, and striking upon its point at The
of the barrier exactly in front of the seat from which
had taken her when he carried her so forcibly into
Iarena. it stuck there, quivering and vibrating, as if
too, were worn out with the exertion of the ﬁght.
And  handle oflthat same weapon, wrenched from
grasp by the force of the de_tective’s blow, fell to
L ground in_front.of her, a'useless thing, indeed.
5For one instant Zaidee looked upon her wponent in
tier‘ -amazement, as if she could not understand what
, happened—-as if it were all new to her, as indeed it
~_, for she had never before in her life been worsted
* V II‘ combat like this one; and then she calmly folded her
, ‘ across her bosom, and with a cold smile upon her
and in her eyes, she waited.
I” she almost shouted, when he made no motion
‘ » A her. ‘
‘Wherefore ?” he asked.
on have won the right to kill; therefore kill-l”
'W.l?bercfore?” he_ asked again.
on have conquered me.”
_ sh the .more,_reason why I should spare you.” .
v"\iould' you humiliate me, even to such an extent as
5'18 it humiliation in this country‘ of yours’ to be om. .
by onewho is more expertin the use of weapons?”
. . /x ‘ .
humiliation (for a woman to be overcome by 2

gs‘

u

0

/

 ‘  threw th¢,wea'pon helstill held in his

it.” he said, “If thére is killing to be dope. do it
gf’ za‘idee“nI _ _‘ , p ‘ . W

 she stared at him',.her eyes diluted with
strange expression that he had not seen in. them‘ be-.

 
  
  

] thIft.wonde|'iI8   of her eyes;
.~  crqltiinto them; -slowly the learned for-
uﬁpicked  weapon. andithen.-with the same
:  it by bladeaandlhandlcf ilycither
bqoughtkdovinupmhcrraisedknecvvjtha
 itintwain; and tlkihwith the handle‘
and; the  513.4?‘-5h~~~fh¢.0¢h€¥. the tile

   

that went up from the spectators °oxi the

  

  
    

  
 

.   thein‘out:_ft‘>r'_hinrto t‘ake._. _;.
 ‘ ‘ 

  

2:"?-". .

 
 
     

NEW NICK CARTER WEl'£KLY.

.. she seemed to be totally nnmindful ofuae yells _ '

i . “Well, vZaidec,”Abe said praently.
.morei§thei'etodonow‘?" A‘
‘ , “You do_not understand ?" ‘sheasked calmly.

   

 

. f: ‘l‘V[S14'i_}_'_7§V“l 

"sw.

 

63.

hands and arms frantically. They shoiited and screeched

__until they were hoarse. ‘ They threw their capes and their

head-dresses into the arena. They threw their_arms
around one another in spasms of exaltation. They danced
upon the benches. They leaped up and down in ecstasy

.~and then they grew quiet again, relapsing into their, -

former attitudes precisely as if nothing out of the ordi-
nary had happened.

Then it was that Zaidce made a sign toward the
benches, which was followed by the immediate approach
over the barrier of several of ‘the maiden-soldiers of her
personal guard; and as they came nearer, the queen
turned again to him. '

“You are the ruler here now,” she said. “You have
won. You have overcome the queen. The land is yours,
the queen is yours, all the people belong to you, and the
prophecy has been fulﬁlled.” ’

Nick did not understand, and he thought it best to re-
main silent and await events~—which he did.

The several members of the guard who had leaped the
barriers came nearer. They brought a cloak that was
richly embroidered, which they threw over his shoulders;
a section of the wall of the barrier swung ajar, as if by
magic, and men entered carrying a litt'er~a chair after
the Sedan patterffwodld be a better description of it.

They set it down, beside him. and he was half-led, half-
forced to enter.it. A

Zaidee followed him. The curtains were drawn; the
bearers lifted the chair from the ground, and the next
instant, with the queen beside him, Nick felt himself
borneirapidly away amid the acclamations and plaudits
of the throng that was left behind.

One thing only he noticed as he entered the covered
chair. He had seen a screen at one end of the arena-— i
had noticed it early in the experiences he had met with
while there; and as he entered the chair, the screen was .~
drawn aside, and, he saw that all the time ‘during the
scenes that had been enacted his four friends had been
seated there, and had witnessed all that had taken place.

i He saw Hilda rise in her place and wave her hand to-‘
ward him; he saw Lief Larsen gesticulate toward him;
he saw Ten-Ichi making signals, and he s'aw Nielsen
also, sitting as quiet and unconcerned as if nothing had , 
happened. ‘ 5 -

A’nd"then»hg was borne away out of the arena, with  
Zsidee seated beside him, behind closed curtains, and 'be“.:.«
knew that the exercises for the day were over.’ i '
“What next? What

  

"I understand that the
you -_m'ean,"b henpliefd.’ , x s
_ “But;  do not uiidctstandidozyon, the
9‘~"h*t~S?°‘..dl_d *l¥Er¢‘:iI=::t‘I.=:=it=II?”. ' '

circus is over‘ . if that is bwhatlr ;

“WW

 
    
   

       

   
   
   
    
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
   
  
  

“No. You threw the sword with which you had con-
quered me at my_feet, on the ground.”
uY$'n ' ’
“I picked it up from the ground. I broke the sword
in half. I presented the two parts to you for your ac-
‘ ceptance. You received them, one in either hand. Do
you not understand now ?”. .
“I understand what you tell me; nothing more.”
- “By that act ” she hesitated.
“Well?” he asked impatiently.
“By that act,” she resumed, “you accepted the responsi-
‘ bility of the care of my people. By that act you became
' v‘ king over me, first, and over the people. By that act———”
she hesitated again, for she was very feminine, after all.
“Well?” he asked her again. “By that act—-what P”
“By that act you won me for your wife. You made
Vme yours in the sight of all my people; and I——I ac-
cepted the condition. The laws of our people are that
, in ﬁghting me you had to do one of three things —that~

'is, if you conquered.” ’

“I begin to understand you now, Zaidee.” .
“In winning the battle my life became yours, to do
with as you pleased. You became the king. You were
expected to slay me then and there. '_If you chose to
. grant me my life it was your privilege to turn away and
: M leave me, and I would have sunk at once to a level with
¢= the people, and have become one of them. ‘It would have

‘killed me,—-I would have taken my own life, but you did
’ not know that.” ' ’

_'uN°.u ‘ '

“When you cast the weapbn at my feet it told the spec'-
-tatoI:&—it told me—that you gave me my life. Had you
 turned away, then, you could have chosen any one of th
 of this kingdometo be your queen.” . ~
? “I‘am understanding you better and better, Zaidee.
 “Ln _ '

“But” when I broke the sword in half and held out the
~  to you, you received them-—one in each hand.”
W-‘?Ye.a.". «- -

 “By that act you restored me to my place in the esteem
 oi, all. By that act you did away with all the humilia-
tion I lied sizﬂered; by that act you proclaimed to all that

    
   
  
  
 
    
   
   
 

.5 951 mg» V . , ‘ .

_ ,“A.nd according to thelaw of our people in one week
 this day, at the same hour of the day: the marriage-
tstes will be performed.”
Hedid not reply, for he was thinking very- deeply over

cqmplication of aﬁairs, and they rode on in si-
J,‘I{II'ceieradistance.,‘ A.
But suddenly she turnai to him, and placed one hand
 ' ‘hr’ -=-
uﬁitzholasl" she Said, in‘ a half-whisper.

   
   
  
  
   
  
    

  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.'

, for you-«have won mean yourjwife and queen. The

* ":"“"r-=~.».~. r. ..  . .~ .

“How to be a woman? You are as feminine a woman

' . as I ever knew, Zaidee,~save for the qualities of strength
and daring that are yours. They do not belong to women’

in the country from whence I come, but they are none
thgless admirable, and I think the -more of you for pos-
sessing them.”

“Nevertheless, teach me how to be a woman, as you
know women.”"

“I will try to do so, Zaidee,” he said, temporizing. He
could not know as yet §ust what conditions he would have
to fulﬁll in order to save himself and his companions from
ending their lives amid these mountains; therefore he
temporized. - '

“After we are married?” she asked.

“Yes,’? he replied, “after we are married. It seems
rather strange to me that a people so remote as yours
from what in my world is called civilization,_ should per-
form the same customs and ceremonies as obtain among
us.”

“Our customs and ceremonies are such as were taught
my people in'an olden time, long ago, when there came
among us a king from‘ another land; a king from whom I
am- descended.” H

“You? I thought that Hilda———-”

. “Itwas the custom then that the king should have two
wives’; one_of them was chosen from the people who origi-
nally lived. here; the other was brought to this country
from a place that is called Norway. I do not know where
it is. She wasalways awhite woman; or, if the reign-
ing sovereign happened to be a woman, a white man.
Always with strangely-colored hair, like Hil‘da’s-like
Larsen’s.
descent; Hilda is fgom the other.” .

“I see,” said Nick smiling. “Rather a complicated
condition of things, don't you think?”

\

“Hilda is the last of the _white-skinned descent,” she 

continued, without replying to his question. “Our leg-p
ends told us that a man like Larsen would come some
day to claim her for wife; but we despaired of his com-

ing. We lost faith in the legends; and so the man Niel-q “

sen was found and brought here. ' .
“But I, the reigning queen, was jealous of Hilda. I

saw my power slipping from me. The realm had changed 7‘

from man-governed to woman~governed. When Nielsen
was brought here I saw to it that he was kept'always un-
der the influence of our copa—plant; and I easily per-

‘ yuaded my people that he was not ﬁt for the alliance.

saying that he had no thinking brain. _
, “And then you came--you and the others. You, took

~ Hilda away. The legend had been fulﬁlled, but only in
part. My people swore to me that unless you were over.-

taken and brought back here——your
-.-my life sliould pay the forfeit. V p A _  g
“And now’ even a greater prophecyghas been 


i"-3

entire party, I mean

‘ \

   
 

 

I am descended from the native branch of the v" I *

  
    
    
  
  
  
   
 
    
   
    
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
  
         

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY. ~.\ I-‘~
woman is over. The superlativeness of man begins complication of._aﬁairs.” He turned to Zaidee, and in.
again with you for king--with me for your queen, your the language she understood he added:

_wi£e." “When and where shall I see youagaln, Zaidee ?”

“Give whatever orders you desire to Carma," was the
~- » reply. “She will obey them. You will be brought to me,
CHAPTER VII, or I may be taken to you, when you will it so, Nicholas.”

- “Very good. And my friends?”

“They are subject to your orders. You are the ruler
here now. Never forget that. All are ready to obey
you."

She moved away from him, and he turned and fol~

ju-1-q

rm-: I-‘ASCINATIONS or CARMA,

, The bearers of the litter stopped before the entrance
i 150 the palace, and, having set it down, the curtains were
  aside by an attendant. »
Y°uS::ﬁ°r::’” sad Zaidee‘ You are the ruler now’ lowed Carina along the loity corridor.

uh my country, “plied the detective’ repressing a Presently they ascended a wide ﬂight. of stairs and \
mile» W W  the men in   ;:::;::5:“;::;:::?:; ::;":::d“:::;.a::::;,:‘i::;‘::,‘““°“
  him with a smile in her wonderful She followed after him, and, rather to his surprise,
‘ pen,’ and then witheut more words she stepped 'out of she closed the door and fastened it after her; and then,
the chair and stood there waiting for him_ to his amazement, she began to talk rapidly.
But here she resolutely stepped back and signed for “You do-not know me,” she said, with some _excite«
 Ugo ahead of_ her; and so he followed the oﬂicer merit in her voice. “I am Carma, sister to Zaidee,
0_f.the gl!ard—which, by the way, was the same hand- though younger. Twepty summers have come and gone
‘ some young woman who earlier in the day had pricked since I came into the world. It was the accident of birth
ﬂesh with the point of her sword-—through the open which made Zaidee the queen instead of me. Why did *
1100!’. of the palace into a large and {lofty hall, which you accept the broken sword and choose her from among
might have been Venetian in its designs‘ and furnishings, us, when there are many here who are more beautiful?”
I far as appearances went. » 3 - He did not reply, for to tell the truth his amazement
.  the hall he paused and Waitedifol’ Zaideﬁ t0 was too great 'for speech. He began to wonder if all the

  

as; '-.. 3 I.‘
, _ _l

     

 to his side, Which ‘he did with "Went re1I1CtanCe- women in that strange land would wish to marry him,
 it occurred to Nick just then that he had con~ now.that he had conquered their queen,
 this strange woman in more ways than 0119 d‘“'“‘8' And this Carma was wondrously beautiful, too.
. ﬂ°°'“b3““.‘’'°3'‘=‘‘3- ‘ »  N'ktli t h toodl k‘ th -11‘! h
"2-me." he -am.  u  an we  to you. I ma  .,:: .,...:.°.;I;§ in: :1...‘ :..:.:.;’::
  pm °n ' few dofhes ‘and,’ mmdmtauy’ to bafhef her excess of emotion, that she was even more beautiful
The costume I am wearing now is not only rather airy, Kthamher august sister. . A
, hat little there is of it is uncomfortably smeared ' _
~§- 3'” 1,, . t The costume she wore enhanced every quality of
.4 N E mime“ fdryou’ like your own’ already‘ being, beauty that she possessed, too. 'l.‘he_tight1y-ﬁtting jacket,
- ' . - . - which was drawn in at the waist-line; the curious but
3 I ‘ in me u “mt shall be yours mm aft“: becomin head-dress over her hair of ink blackness save
  3”‘ '°—‘’"°d‘ - wh re agl 5 Id ch t th h "t in: Ii in’:
A¢ain’,if‘it.isall the same to.you..” said Nick, smiling, ‘’ Eta?“ ° 8° ~ ° _’°“8 ' 3 F g_ '°"'
-. m - . 1 Have me conducted the open windows fell upon it; the short, kilt-skirt, bla-
5lI@lI%1y, prefer y own clothing. . . . . 7
‘me be 1  . zmg with polished silver and mother-of-pearl; the doe«
,momth;at.Ioccuple_d fore,ordi;-ectthat _ .. _, _ _ _
  to me where I can hale be_ skin leggings, buttoned tightly around the shapely legs,
 ~«"ﬂﬂ"m rs. ‘ the perfect ﬁgure, not so tall or so robust as her sister’s;
pm  it was the Omar of  who the perfect poise of her shapely head; the teeth of perfect
“gwtv  » ’.  ;— E ‘L wlziteness;the red, shapely lips;the long lashes of her
  Exalted,» she ‘said; and‘  drew‘ somber eyes now gleaming with a softened light which
. .3,  ad-gamed “,5 he,-. ‘word’ pm_ the most obtuse q;£.men could have understood; and last
* V’  E.“  1,, hﬁédoﬁe it ya ‘= g and  attractive of all, those eyes themselves, with a it
 as suggestion ofthealiiiondshapeofthefnrliastahoitt *
. V   4 a » ~~  IV 5  Carma was beautiful, surpassingly beautiful,'trmsoend- E?
 ﬁéi’:q”eIf.;¥n’* ‘L ssh. cntly beautiful ’ I -. ' T « 
  -She took a step nearer to him. bathe drew heck
Willie”). "  -'='":"“‘P;':,J:'. - .3": v" =1. x .

   
 
 
 

     
    
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
    
  
    
  
 
  
    
   

Y “Briug me my clothes, Carma,” he said. “My clothes
.- and a bath ; then return tome here.”
Without a word, but with a curio1.1s gleam of satis-
faction in her eyes, 'she wheeled upon her heels and left
Five minutes later she was back again, bearing his
‘clothing, to the last article, in her arms, and she entered
“ without a word, depositing them upon the wide couch at
one side of the gorgeous room.
7 Then she’ stepped to the door again and opened it. 9
. Four men entered, bearing between them a curiously-
wrought vessel, as large as an ordinary bath tub. It was
g;/ﬁlled to the half with clear water; .and they‘ put it in
“ the middle of the ﬂoor and silently went away again.
And Nick, with the robe around him that had been
thrown over him before he left the arena, stood waiting
for Carma to go.
A ‘But she remained with folded arms near the door,
 standing there like a statue of bronze~and as calm as
.. a Sphinx save for her ﬂashing eyes and heaving bosom,
/‘her parted lips and her ﬂushed cheeks. ‘
'_,‘‘I am waiting,” he'said, also folding his arms. He
was waiting for her to go, but" she evidently did not un«
?*.’.derstand it so. I .
 With a spring like a panther she leaped toward him."
‘J She tore the robe from his shoulders and cast it from her,
and in an instant she. had encircled his body with he ,
arms and pressed her lips to his own. '
" And then, as suddenly as she made the attack, she
" leaped. away from him "again, and with her right hand
- across her eyes, she tied to the door, and stood with her
 against it, panting, as if she were amazed herself at
‘what she had done—and frightened, too. «
_ 'fYc'vu are rather impetuous, Carma,” he said, trying to
 with calmness. ..5‘l'..eave'n1e.now, please, until I
~ .. have bathed and dressed.” ’ .
' "_":‘I will wait outside,” she said. “Call me when you
’ ready-—Nicholas.”
A And then, as if she had commit'ted‘another unpardon¥
gﬂzldsin in addressing him so, she turned ‘and tied from
the  but closing the door softly behind hér,‘never~
 Nick's muttered comment; and for'a full
  where he was standing, in the mid--
" .oftl,iepﬂoox;..'.._ _ - V (
5",!  what next?”.l1e muttered‘ after a moment;

  
    

ﬂpfin search of a mirror. _ ‘ , ,
fHe_round.. one, too, although it was made oihbsidian
' ‘ of glats;.but. then,  is" glass : andalthough
ﬁétﬂxiewhat obscure,’ it gave“ back his reflection suffi-
ell so that he laughed siiftly to himself at the
 me roe.«a,e,eru:dcs:.he»woee.£rorn waist

i  he 

      

  

 

  

     
 

     

 
  

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

‘l

(;,.vf,;.:~_§ -. 

V

red as the skin of the people of this strange_ country by
the tiger-blood that had spurted upon him; but neverthe-
less his massive muscles stood out upon his arms and
chest, and his exceedingly white skin showed through
the‘; stains upon it like alabaster, when compared to the
red, polished-copper hue of the skins of the native people.

It was no wonder that the women of that; strange land
had looked upon him with admiration, although this fact
did not occur to him at all.

He only wondered that he, in his stained aspect, had
been viewed with any other sentiment than one of sheer
disgust at his p1ight—and he lost no time in stripping oﬁ
the doe-skin trunks and plunging into the bath that had
been provided.

Ah! That bath! Anti the -luxury of it!

He came out of it twenty minutes later, glowing with
the refreshing experience; and he discovered, greatly to
his satisfaction, when he reached for his clothing, that
clean white undergarments had been provided for him.

Half an hour later he was clothed again; and now

there was only one thing lacking to complete his satis- ‘ "

faction—a cigar.

But, alas! When he was brought from the yacht it
had not occurred to his captors to provide him with bag-
gage, and he had smoked his last cigar that morning.

He crossed the room to one of the windows and went
out upon a balcony with which it was provided.

From there he cotﬂd see down into'the street—-if street

~it could, be called, for the buildings of the hidden city

were notgrouped with any study of regularity at all, and
there vﬁere no streets, properly speaking.

.He did not hear a repeated tapping against his door;
he ,did not see that it opened at last, just a very little at
first, until Carma looked inside the room and saw him on
the balcony beyond the open window, ‘ _

He did not see that she motioned silently to others who

were outside in the corridor, and that the same four men ‘

entered and bore away the evidences of his bath, and

that when they were gone she entered the room again, ‘ 

closing the door behind her.

And. now she crossed the room, pausing directly be
hind him, and she stood there for a long time, watching‘
him, hoﬂng, doubtless, that he would turn to her pres-
ently. ’ . H * (

“Nicholas!” she said at last, breathing the name softly,

 with a  of  shoulders, he looked aboutj -and yet with a distinctness that reached his ears deﬁnite-
" - Vy, so that he turned at once. ’ ‘ '

“Pardon inc, Carma,” he said. _“I did not know that

you had returned. Will you come out on the balcony. ‘
withme? The view from this window is.magniﬁcent.A’f  .

 

4,; * <\..',.v_- -W‘, .9" ‘
-7%: 1.4.. -._v..   .

 

_  ' ‘.ii:§3xx_..r

 

.  '..

 
      
     
 
 
       
   
    

    

_ -A ﬂush of pleasure, suffused her face. Her lips  -

in a smile, and with a cat-like spring she was beside him,
‘Poor Nicki _ He did  know what amesh  W33

 abcht himselfTby.that aetof invitation:  ’

I

 

    
     
    

    

  
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
    
   
 
 
   
  
  
  
   
 
 
    
  
  
  
 
   
  
   
   
   
  
     
 

:.m have strange customs. Things that are mean-
. E to us are intensely signiﬁcant to them at times.
When she leaped to his side so suddenly—and, indeed,
seemed to be entirely cat-like in her grace and celerity
imovement—she put out her slender hands and placed
* at each side of his face; and then, before he had any
of her intention, she drew him toward her and im-

'ted a soft and caressing kiss squarely upon histlips.
It was not in human nature to repel an advance like
one, particularly from one so exquisitely beautiful as

U . .

History does not state whether Nick‘ Carter's lips re-
ed that kiss or not, and _he has volunteered no testi-
regarding it.

It is sufficient, therefore, to state that Carma did not
 'der_ herself repulsed in any way, for she drew nearer
 until her yielding” form was pressed against him,
I I until, with scarcely a. thought of the consequences of

3 ﬁmylﬁown below them, in the square in front of the
‘ "palace, many peoplehad gathered, seeing him there upon
‘ ..-ebalcdny; andthey were looking up at the scene that
 before their eyes.

“My king! My exalted! My Nicholas !” whispered
-» . breathlessly: and she waved her hand toward the
s = ‘ below them; and among them at that instant ap-
-~ the queen, Zaidee. She, also, was a witness to
scene upon the balcony. '

:---v-—

CHAPTER VIII‘.
1-fan QUEEN ,.or HEARTS.

Instantly Carma drew him back into the room, out
 t of the people who were gathered below them.
mstant theywere out -of view from beyond the
‘  repeated the caress she had bestowed upon
49:: the balcony, ’and she did it as swiftly as before.
I p  seemedto be her nature‘to take everything
 as quickly she leaped away from  to-
 there for an instant, panting, breathless.
. "’ fsuppressed excitement.‘ " .'
I l’-’.,she -. “Wait for me. On your

 room before I, return!” ,

  ’gclm,-‘again. The door closed be-
'_Nic.k'wa,s alone" once more-‘. I

he ' He made a start

rather uneasily. .

p _ ggglgégégzl--§§1¢w;;but for some reason

    

  ittto now?"

    

 ... ,

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

H  he passed his arm around her waist, and held her '

 down again .upon the .

 of 1

  

*2

ha 1 taken place on the balcony in full view of the people

be w. “I suppose, since Zaidee saw what happened,
thi V’ he will think there is little loyalty amongthe people
fag: my country.” “
e laughed somewhat uneasily.
“Anyhow,” he added, “she understood mighty well
that when I accepted the two parts of the broken sword
I had no idea of the signiﬁcance of the act. It is all
very easy and simple to hold Zaidee at a proper distance;
‘but Omna Gee—whiz!' She takes one by storm. A
"~ fellow gets himself kissed on the lips before he has the

least idea in the world that it is coming. Anyhow, they -.

are sisters, and, as I have no idea in the world of many
ing either one of them, or of making love to either of
them, what’s the odds? I wish I had a cigar! By Jove,
I do !” _

He was searching his pockets again. and his mind had
ﬂown to the problem of peaceful escape from the valley,
when the door was softly opened once more, and Carma
appeared for the third time.

But it was another Carma.

‘He scarcely recognized her when she entered, so trans-
formed was her appearance.

If the costume of Zaidee, when Nick first saw her, had
been wonderful in its extravagance of blazing jewels and
decorations of gold, the one 'wom by Carma now sur-
passed it a hundredfold. I

It was the same in shape and style and cut as the one

she had worn when she left him; but the quality of it
was different.

The sober garments of her official position had given
place to what must have been the court dress of the coun-
try. The waist, shaped like a Spanish jacket, blazed,with
diamonds, emeralds, rubies, sapphires. and ﬁre-stones

until the wine-colored textiire beneath it all was scarcely"

to be seen. The kilt, which ended at her knees, sparkled
and gleamed and shot forth gleams of ﬁre from a thoul
sand matchless gems; the buttons of her leggings were

made of _emeralds; the ﬂowing cape which depended - I

‘ ‘from her shoulders was clasped at her throat by a_ double
bar of splendid rubies; her glorious hair was held in
place by band after band of diamonds, among which
other stones, green and red and blue, blazed out upon
him; the short Roman sword pendant from her slender
waist sparkled with gems on hilt and scabbard; but in-

ﬁnitely brighter than all else glowed hermatchless eyes ‘I

as she stood, before him, awaiting a word or a token of
approval. .
_He caught his breath as he looked upon her. ' .
‘~‘Carm'a,” he said, trying to speak with utter calmness,
but signally failing in the attempt,
Beautiful, indeed!” '

She sighed with ecstatic pleasure. She took a step  I

nearer -to hhn.a’n'ti paused again.

.‘g

  
 
   

 

“you are beautiful  J

  

   

I He ireipeated. what he had said, using the same words
as ‘before, and meaning them none the less that she had
, asked for their repetition.

“If only yo! will always think so!” she murmured,
coming‘ still nearer, but yet remaining beyond his reach.
“If only you will always think of me as more beautiful
than all the world beside. If only that—-only that, my
N icholasl” e 1

Her eyesyher beauty, her very presence in the room,
’ seemed to cast a spell over him. He was conscious‘ that

, that kittens use in play when two draw nearer to each
other’; and he stood looking at her as if he were charmed
nut of the power of resistance by the light in her ‘eyes,
I  the beauty of her whole being, by the charm of her
.- AY¢’)"P1'¢5'¢ﬂC¢- I ‘ ‘

  

jtherniaround him. And then, as on the previous occa-
iolil she sprang away from him, just at the instant when
whole world was fading from the view of each of
H , ; when the walls of the palace, the towering moun~
 heyogd and the pathless ocean beyond them were
“ ding intonothingness, and there seemed to be_ no world
1: all anywhere, save in the glow of each other’s eyes.
Shep-leaped away and stood panting against the door,
 {rut both her hands" as if to, defend herself '~not
 him; surely,‘ but from something, she knew not

 so the moments passed while each, sought to re-
that short whirlwind otforgetfulness.
AVIt,t,v"asi_Nick who spoke first. 1'

”“GrI_1'Aa,” he said, smiling, “are you a  ?"
o,’’_'she'replied, returnixggthe smile,-and now ap-
_A tli ?recovered from the  of her _emotions.
W,it¢!1 iS_ h’€‘1'e"-'-She rested her,haud against her
 there"--she stepped close to himiand touched
 ‘the breast with the end of her finger; and then

  

 
 

  

  .. ,, _ ' . . 

 lhfegthe power to b_ewitch~me,?’ he 
 what‘: folly have 'we committed? How
 the scene she witnessed upon the

  it; as you an-’

    
   
    
      
 
  

  

.I;s.Im m..;1_>; is es" ;?$<shc—a
_igoj;‘.;am g9;,x;.~._ the favorite,  1. it.

 

 
 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

I }she was with each instant creeping nearer and nearer to_
-him, across the short space which divided them; ap~ _
preaching with that slow, undulating, graceful motion‘

"f"‘Again “she reached out her arms; again she wound 1

‘ '91" quickly, back  to ,th_e_safe ,retreat'nea'r the 5
I people within the range of her ‘voice, and her tones rose .

 first -

  subject: of ‘her remarks, for suddenly he umdgacg .

     
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
        
    
        
      
  

  

"I do. not understand you when you speak in that
tongue,” said Carma. \ R’-

“No, child, I said ‘Two queens.’ Tell me how that can 
beg Am I expected, now, to marry both of you, because
I had the misfortune to‘ be forced,into a combat with ».
your sister ?"o i '

'She glided toward him again, and this time he was
wise enough to retreat. . '

“You do not want her!” she said, and Carma’s eyes
glowed with" the victory she had won, as she thought
and believed, over her sister. “You want only Carma...
It shall be so. She shall be told at once.”

. Like a flash she turned—-;Nick thought that he had
never known anybody to move as quickly as she could——
and she was out through thevdoor and gone before he I
could stay her. _

~“Great Scott!” he exclaimed again. ‘.‘For taking‘
things entirely for granted, these people here are cer-
tainly winners. "I wonder what Carma intends to do
now P” ) "

He remembered then what she had said as she was in
the act of leaving the room.

“ ‘You do not want her!’” he repeated to himself. in
const rnation. “ ‘You want only Carma. It shall be so.
She sliall be told.’ Good heavens! Carma has gone to tell
Zaidee that I have turned her down, hard; jilted her,
so to speak; or, rather, to be exact, that I have chosen the
sister in her place. Now,- what———”

A'noise in the street attracted his attention, and he
hastened to the balcony again. . ' .
There was..a throng of people below; or, rather, two
throngs, for they seemed to be about evenly divided: —
and they stood facing each other, with a space between
them—a space of open ground in the center of which 
Zaidee was standing. 4 ' y l I 
He saw that she was addressing the people; he could  V
even hear the words she used, although he understood
not one of them, for she spoke inthat strange tongue
that was utterly unknown to him. ' " I ”

But there wasgiexcitement in the air; he understood. '
that: , There was anger: and chagrin in the tones of hen
voice; he realized that also. i.

‘Asshe spokeyshe turned so that‘ she faced ﬁrst one
way and then the other, so that she addressed all the

 

   
   
      
      
      
        
       

  

  

as she continued to talk, and her rich voice’ vibrated like
a bell through the clear mountain air. . , "I
7 Nick wished -with all his heart thatihe was ableto
understand what she said; but the desire was fruitless. 
Save for her apparent earnestness, and her anger, without‘ ‘
 he.,had no idea of the subject she wa'6;.diS; ‘
,. And:,yet itca.me:to him suddenly, that he was '  4‘

  

  

 /.

   

   
   
   
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
    
   
   
  
   
 

’ .

 yet more intently, he caught Carma’s name,
a red over and over again, sometimes coupled with his.
A: «V . mentioned by itself.
It was at once plain to him that Zaidee was engaged in
‘ on ; the people against her sister—-and that he was the
use of this internecine strife, as yet‘ in embryo.
It occurred to him that he must do something to pre-
went that. _ '
He must not have’ this peaceful people, in their "strange
- m and hidden city, excited to strife and bloodshed be-
use its queen and her sister had each chosen that he
.  be king. It has*been said that there is a woman

4” ind all measures of strife, and here it seemed that the
bdnditions were reversed, and that now it was a mere
--- who was the cause of trouble.
_, He smiled at the thought, thinking at the moment that
 in keeping with the remarkable condition of things
I i that strange country, where women were the soldiers
T H the ﬁghters, the rulers and the heads of households.

, ye saw, too, that the people who listened_ to the words
‘ff  queen were rapidly succumbing to her arguments,
_ heave: they were: that the excitement wasgrowing;
 already there were loud rqurmurings among them;
3183 soon there would be action.
q. Stepping farther out upon the,balcony, he was about to
 hisown voice and to shout "down upon them, when
 W h the ‘wide entrance of the palace Carma appeared.
She advancedto the limit of the wide steps_which led
‘lebit, andafter standing there for a moment, motion-
‘ She suddenly brought her hands together with a

 also spoke in that unknown tongue; but she spoke

 Nick that they were at first surpiised, then
 then frightened at her words; but suddenly
ed out ina loud voice, a few words‘ of command;
yrflhervauthority were still the powerful factor
- her’ people, they moved forward as with one im-

 wasi slowly, but then it became a ‘rush, and
vi that they were bent upon ‘an attack upon
 remained where she was standing, as daunt«
.5 rock,  immovable. . .

 that she did not-fear them; it was also
V , 9Ni_cl: that they would presently'tear her limb

unless he: or somebody, interfered.’ »

” L’ T «e fearlessly  as they approached
 beautiful face, scorn_in‘ her ‘eyes. and
'  than either in her‘ attitude-—

‘  7K4.

  

     

.. f“ v’ ..‘;:..-... ’ "~‘.".'
» « » ’ »

 

NEW NICK CARTER \VEEKLY.

rapidly as she moved, and 'with as much vehemence V

" ..  moment the people stood silentlydistening to her. '

  o. W '
..  K _,.

     
 

.,,. ..-es} .Tmyw:»wmK‘V«,- _~¢

V . CHAPTER IX. \‘
THE LIEVACE OF THE HOUSE OF THE MOON.

“Halt, there!”

Nick Carter called out the two words in a voice which
every person in the open space below him could plainly
hear, and, although not one of them understood the words
themselves, they did comprehend their import——and every
one of them stopped in his tracks.

Perhaps it would havebeen better to have said in her
tracks, for while there were many men present at that
scene, they were for the most part women. The men were
taking the part of observers, rather than actors. V

They stopped, and they looked up "toward the point
from whence the voice came to them, and they saw the
champion of the arena, posed upon the rail of the balcony,
ready to leap down among them.

And while they looked, he made the leap.

It was not a great distance to drop, and the place where
he alighted was soft with grass and sod; and the instant
he touched the ground Nick leaped up the steps until he
stood beside Carma.

There was a proud smile on her lips, a haughty poise
of her head, and a confident air in her bearing. The fact
that but a moment ago she stood in danger of her life
seemed not to have affected her in the least.

“Thank you, Nicholas,” she said calmly, as calmly as if
the scene before them were an every-day occurrence. But ,
he scarcely heard her; he was facing the mob which now
threatened to advance again upon its intended victim.

“Stand back !” he called out to them, waving his hands
toward them, and, although as before the words were
meaningless, the import of them was plain enough.

In effect, they obeyed him.

They fell back a step or two, and then remained where-
they were; but there were ominous mutterings from them
and_ venomous glances from their ﬂashing eyes.

Altogether, Nick thought it a very picturesque scene,
the attackingeparty being composed entirely of women; V
and he almost forgot why he had leaped from the bal-
cony at all, in the utter strangeness of it all. Men upon
either side, in groups, talking together, as if they were i 
women; women in front of him, armed, menacing in their
attitude~—ﬁghters, every one of thkn.

But in that moment the detective remembered the’ _.
power he was supposed to have attained over these peo- 5
ple; he remembered what Zaidee had'said to him at their ' ’
parting——that all would obey him; and. remembering, also,
that these people directly in front of him could not under-
stand his‘ words, he resolved to‘ test his power at once
upon their former queen. _ ‘

“Zaidee,” he called sternly, “come here!” «

For an instant it seemed as if the impulse was upon her:
to obey. She half—started forward; her lips parted .to
speak; andtheneshe remembered. 7 — W Y
 She drew herself up to her full 

      
     
    
     
 
 

a

     

    

and it will be remembered that she was a tall woman-—
.j quite six feet. She folded her arms, and she regarded
him calmly from where she stood. .
Slowly a smile dawned upon her face, but it was a
 v smile of derision «a smile of menace; nevertheless, when
1.“ . she spoke there was more of sadness than of menace in
i her tones. A V .
“Nicholas,” she said slowly, “you have forfeited all
, .;'.l:hat you gained in the arena. For that woman beside
,3,-~  you, whose head is barely above your shoulder, you have
‘i'‘  all the glories that awaited you. Think you that
; will divide what is mine with her?”
’ “This is all nonsense," said Nick, in reply.

 

 

 

,.._, "Come

, 4 ' here.” 0 ‘

 "I will not go to you, now or ever again. I feared all
 . , \

‘  that has happened when I left you in Carma’s care; but
it ‘was her right and her.duty to take charge of you.
-Sheiis a siren, a witch, and'before h_er wiles you have
 ,f'a.llen. Her smile has proved more powerful over you
5"? than my sword." . _ 9 -
 ‘_7Cmne here, Zaidee. Come here and stand beside me,"
heﬁcalled to her /again.

 more she seemed about to obey, but some impulse"
 her,_ and instead she withdrew a step." -

“ I “No,” she said; “only on one condition."

.“What is that 2" asked Nick. ‘

“That you order Carma at once to the House of the
,M¢o!i." . . l - _

‘ Nick turned, withapuxzled expression, toward Carma.
;~<;;“.Whero is that?” he asked.‘ “Where and what is the
gﬁouseof the Moon I'’’'.

  
   
   
  

  

   

  

 gslrnly. “It is the place of doom. Is it your wish
 I should go there,‘Nicholas?~ Yqu have but to say
" . word. and I willpobey." -

 Zaidee mean that she wishes me to order you
'-todw¢'ath?''hesskedsgsin'; , I ' . .
es._~;. that I  thrown to the ‘tigers’-«although there
 now. You have killed them all. I would

to wait ﬂlcre until others were procured.”

i” said Iggck. “What then?“ '_

 be given to them to eat. It is our regular
o¥uo¢"‘i°u."- . - 3 I . 
‘ _.  pleasantﬂmunered ‘the detective, with a
“I"thiuk:yon had better remain where you are.”
f I knew "all thetime what your reply
:a’nutzaide’e?’A‘w1;a: o£:her?". ; e e

. dbcyou  I 8¢,‘eIII,to-‘ha7y‘e rnixed thingséup

Cannes" ‘ ’ ‘» . 7

   

  
   
   

  

   
  

i #5.: ncthc Iiouseioi the M'o_oi:.
V’ ‘l  ~: I! ‘ ‘A -- A‘ ‘—' ‘g I ’
  "Ny_ol:9dy.j"wi1l so there by

‘New Nick CARTER WEEKLY. .

“"-«ligtiil the house where prisoners prepare for death,’-’ she ,

‘last hour and a half miglit be counted against him; and

'Carma’s hand as it stole gently’ into his own, and -he 

‘ queen; that ydu would cast’me out; and’to-night--this

'to be at an end.

i new king had -really‘ fallen in love with her, and that

half that bad just passed. . 

  

   
 
 

“Beware, Nicholas,” she said; “you are temporizing. 7
You are permitting Carma to bewitch you again with her  7..
V_Vll€S." \ . .

“At least,'she shall not be sent to her death,” he told ,
her. “Nor you, nor any other person of this community, . 
with my sanction or p'ermission.” « -v

“Beware!” repeated Zaidee. “Listen to me, Nicholas.”

“I am listening.”

“I have found that my people are loyal. I have found
that they only consented to the rule of a man in this land_
of theirs because I would rule with him. They will accept
you with me; they will not accept you without me.”

“Thank Heaven for that l” chimed Nick, with earnest-
ness. “Look here, Zaidee. I, have no more wish to be
king over these people, less, perhaps, than they wish to
have me. Tell them so. Say to them that you shall
continue to be their queen, as long as you live, and that
it is my———--"’

“Enough, Nicholas.

 

..";‘L}' ". : '2'. ~.

i’ou do not understand.”

“Then tell. me what I am to understand, I beg of you.” 
“There is now only one way in which you may not be . 
the [king over these people, and .that is by condemning 
yourself to the House of the Moon; by condemning your- 
‘self to death, as "Carma but now explained it to you.” 

‘fWell, ‘I am not likely to do that, thank you.”

‘iAnd there is also only one way left to you by which
you may beking.” :

“Humph! _I have got to die, not to be king; and I p 2,
have got to do one thing and no other to be king. Well,
what is it?” ' ~

“Redeem ‘your plighted word with me.”
. Nick, wished to laugh, and he was angry, too.-V He
felt himself to be placed in a false position, through no
direct fault of his own-—unless, indeed, the faults of the

       
       
      
 
     
    
     

even while he thought of that, he felt the toubh of .

    
       

felt the tlirill that went with it, that was communicated . .‘
by her touch. '

“that she‘would   ‘

    
   

“She means,” whispered Carma,

      

very night that is about to fall over the world, I would
be drugged and carried away through the darkness to.

certain death, byaher order.’.’ I , , 
~ 1‘ Zaidee had‘seen Carrna’s gesture by which she had‘
thrust her hand into Nick’s; also, she seemed to under- ‘
stand those whispered ‘words, although she could not _ _
have heardthem; and at once all her patience  s

      
     

      
   

  

Possibly, she had thought until that rnoment}-tl1st_  *i

  
  
   
  
 

her sister had stolen the treasure within the hour and

/

_It.~ was evident’ that she ‘had held-vherself in N‘
.. ,_ Va "'—,, ’. l''..},».i:’*,- ,‘

     

  

 .»--< - g

   
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
    
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

'- 1-_«rw'

  now, at the sight of Carma’: action and atti~
‘ ,nud in the face of Nicl<’s very evident preferment
;thC smaller and immeasurably more beautiful sister,

temper leaped away from all restraint.

Her eyes blazedvwith rage; her lips were drawn

over her teeth, and her once beautiful face was
f -- to that of a ﬁend.

git has already been said that the Amazonian soldiers
" modern riﬂes in their equipment, and now Zaidee
vi; to the side of one of her soldiers and seized
_Weapon she carried.
In a second of time it was leveled straight at Nick
ﬁred.

put he had seen the act, and understood its meaning

Zaidee seized the weapon, he leaped toward her
the steps.

that instant he saw that it was not himself whom
intended to slay, but her more beautiful sister,
 beside him, and a step to the rear. .

,  3 grand leap that he made, and it carried him
‘F ground direcﬂy in front of the maddened queen
 could use the weapoli, and he succeeded in
_, up and thus spoiling her aim before the trigger
= ’ he wrenched the gun frorn her hands, and seiz-
Halso, he ‘swung’ her around and so out from
the people who surrounded her, until they stood
V hill-way between the steps of the palace and
 3-1 angered women of the mob.
" if be A thought to’ quell the mutiny by that
 was soonto learn his error"; for no sooner
 his hold upon Zaidee than she at~
 witlila fury of which he had not supposed
. , , V

be unable. _
_ pp   thing happened, even in that

  like a statue until that moment,
 recalled to life. She darted ‘for-
Zgﬁmeiquiek; outlikehnotlon with which

 ‘mg’ ‘ her «tall sister, she lifted
 ﬂ-'e'w h'er,'as a man might have

New NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

She became transformed on the instant to a living“

enough to escape its consequences, for the instant.

2!

so they gained the entrance-hall _: and the doors, big and
heavy, clanged shut behind them, pushed by ready hands.
and in another moment bolts and bars were in place.

In the meantime, Carma was calmly delivering orders
to her followers, for it was at once evident that these
female warriors who were inside the palace belonged to
Carma’s own command, and were loyal to her.

And while they hastened hither and thither, in obe-
dience to Carma’s directions,- Nick leaned his back
against a pillar-w and wondered how it was all going to
end.

' After a few moments, Carma came to him. _ ,

“Zaidee will not attack the palace,” she said. “She ‘
will not dare to do that.”

“She looked at me a moment ago as if she would
dare almost anything," said Nick’ soberly. “Hark! What
is that?"

_ The “that” was a resounding blow against the massive
doors, as if a heavy weight had been thrown against
them, and it was only too evident that Zaidee and her
followers had made an attack upon the palace doors.

CHAPTER X.
Al‘ was norrou on THE cures.

Nick cam: and Carma stood side by side, listening
to the attack upon the door of the palace, and it soon
became evident to him that some time must elapse, at
least, before a breach could be made so that their ene-
mies could enter the building.

"Carma,” he said to her then, “is there a way out of
here? Is there a way of escape from the attack of your
sister and her followers?”

She looked at him in surprise, and there was a ﬂash
of scorn in her lustrous eyes, too.

For an instant it seemed that she thought him afraid;
and then she had the perception to see that it was not
fear which had suggested the question; indeed, she had
already had suﬂicient evidence that he was not actuated
by fear in anything he did. a

He saw her perplexity and the changing expression
of her beautiful face, and he understood them. '

I "Yesterday," he added, “even today, before that scene
in the arena, you were -3 peaceful community here, living
together in a kindly spirit; and now 1, without in the
least intending to bring misfortune upon your people, am .‘
the cause of all this strife. If there is a way of escape, ’
I will take it; I and my friends.”

"And will you take me with you?” she asked,  .. _
nearer toshim. “Will you take me to that world in
which you live?” *

Niclrhadnotithnuﬁlt of that; aadhe hesitated.

“For me to remain here.” the  “means that

6

 

xv, , Q -,

      

   
     
 
  
  
   
  
    
  
   
   
  
  
    
  
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
    
  
    
        
    
     
     
     
    
   
     
   

,22

could not do, because the act would condemn me to
eternal torment. Will you take me with you if I will
show you and your friends a way of escape?”

“Yes,” he replied impulsively. “I will take you with
me. You shall not be left here to suffer for what I
have done.” -

An expression of joy swept over her face; but with-
out further remark she called one of her feminine war~
riors to her side, and gave her several directions in that
strange tongue, of which the detective could understand
no word; then, to Nick, she added:

‘_ Then she will lead you all to a spot where you will await
my coming. ‘You will need to give no directions what«
ever to Dura. She already has my orders, and she will
carry them out.”

Carma waved her hand, and Dura at once led the
‘ way along the high corridor of the palace toward the
far end of it; and as Nick turned to follow he noticed
’that the attack on the door had, for the moment, ceased.

And presently they mounted ‘ﬂights of stairs which
ultimately led them to one of the towers of the palace,
where Dura at last unlocked and threw, open a door,
standing back while he passed inside. ,

Larsen, Ten—Ichi, and Nielsen were there; but they

A were at‘ the windows, looking down upon the scene of
' excitement in front of the palace, and they did not hear
his approach.

Nick saw that they were in a dome of the tower, and
that a balcony’ protected by a rail ran entirely around it.

,-Satisfying himself in that first glance that the men
of his party were all there, and also that they were unin-
jured, his next’ search was for Hilda, who was not
there; and he turned to attempt to make his guide under-
stand that He wanted Hilda also, when, to his amazement,
he discovered that she had left him, and that she had
., also closed and locked the door after her departure.

I ‘ The consequence was obvious. /
’ I Instead of coming there to release his friends from
itheiriniprisonment, he had beenlocked up with them.

A “Is it possible that Carma has proved false?” he asked
himself, with a bitter..sm‘ile; for by this time be under-
 mly too well that, although the warriors ‘of that
f.8trange.land were women, although he and his friends
wfere in reality the prisoners of a lot of women, they
were none the less in real danger, for those same.women
 already proved themselves to be as bloodthirsty
3 Ind relentless as the fiercest of men.

‘  how easily I permitted myself to be entrapped!"

  

  

His  were still unconscious of his presence

nu: "backs were. toward him; they were absorbed by
:tl§§§Eaiestliatwerebeingenactédbelowthem;sce11es
  M   itfw 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. .

“Follow Dura. She will conduct you to your friends.‘

\ gathers; a new queen appears on the threshold of the

 to’ liimself. an
aineog  and he hesitated to make them aware of it. ‘

-life here is in mortal peril. If you would save 

 

dent to Nick that not one of his friends had left the ﬂ
interior of that room during the entire day, when so
much had happened to him.

H The moments passed while he stood there thinking,
and then, when he had about made up his mind to make .-
his presence known, he heard the click of the bar at the
opposite side of the door; it swung open before him, and
there, in the aperture, stood Hilda, bright and well and .
beautiful and smiling, while directly behind her was the
swarthy young guide whom he thought had deserted
him—Dura.

Dura at once made signs to Nick, pointing, at the
same time, to his friends at the windows, and he under-
stood that she desired them all to follow her without
loss of time; and so he called to them.

Larsen was the ﬁrst to hear, and he turned and swung
down from his perch with an exclamation of pleasure.

“My dear-Carter!” he exclaimed. .“Will you be good
enough to tell me what the devil has happened now in
this land of enchantment? Egad! I fell asleep on my”
yacht, three or four hundred miles from here, down
the /River Bermejos. I awaken here, and the time must
be many ‘days later. I find Ten-Ichi and Nielsen just. I
rousing from their own slumbers; there is no sign any-
where of you or of Hilda. I ﬁnd a plentiful meal spread
otit upon a table in’ this tower room. We eat, for we
are hungry. Then I hear a noise in the street. I run
to‘the window and look down, to see you, Carter, al-
most naked and apparently dead, carried on a. stretcher
from the palace doors. , Hours later you return, but this —’i
time you are brought in what might be a good imitation
of ab Sedan chair; you are the center of everything; the
people how before you; there is a gaudy cloak about ,
your shoulders, and the air of a conqueror in your man- '(
ner and attitude. Ho, ho; ho, Carter! It was great!

_ “But there is also blood upon you, although I gather. "3-
that you are not much hurt; and thatlfall, bronze statue '
of a queen watches over you as if you were 'a babe in
arms.

X

“Then time passes, while these brass-faced people set if
to buzzing in the street like so many ﬂies around a
honey-pot. Then there is more excitement; a throng

 

x ,._

n .,

palace; then you leap from a balcony
‘_‘For goodness sake, stop!” shouted Nick-, laughing.
“Take charge of Hilda and follow me.”

“And who may this doughty warrior be whom you 
have brought with you, Carter?” asked Larsen, bowing
low before Dura. l

“She is to be our guide. Be serious, if you can, Lar-I
senf It may all look exceedingly like a scene from _a
comic opera to you, but you must understand that every

 

I

  
  

d‘a_‘__f__:I

J _ ’.

  
  
   
    
  
    
   
  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
   
    
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

“"That’s enough, Carter. I am ready.
T ' s?”

Dara". is to lead us to safety,” said Nick. “I will
ow her andikeep close to her. You are to follow me
- «Hilda; Ten-Ichi and Nielsen will fonn the rear
cm” A

"All ready. .We have‘ all got_ our guns. They took
ﬁﬂfhing from us whatever.”

"“Don’t use your weapons unless you must; you would
ﬁve only women to ﬁght.” I
“Humph! And one cannot ﬁght with women, no mat-
how big and strong and copper-colored they happen
. b¢—”- ’

‘Dan was plainly impatient; and now she turned ab—
w y and strode away, leaving the others to follow

or not, as they chose. *

They descended again by the way Nick had come
A only that they did not approach near to the main
of the palace. Still, it was near enough so that
_  that everything was strangely silent
-1‘ -that  now.

‘ stern~faee’d women warriors had disappeared, and
,1: not a human being in sight as they turned oft‘
a narrower chrridor, and after passing through
Inflow door in the wall at‘ the e'nd. of it, a door which
' tool; good care to fasten after them, they descended
ﬂight oi’ narrow and rather precipitous stairs,-which
;_ never to come to an end, and through a black
‘ “athln no impenetrable that it was oppressive.

What are the

the stairs, Nick suddenly recalled the fact that
 had been taken from his pockets, and in "an
m he had produced his pocket electric search-light,
ﬂliown thehrilliant ﬂash ahead of them.

lihtlxevoaled the fact that they were traveling
‘  crevice in the earth, one thathad
Q sometime xhadebyan earthquake, and

 hot, and dose, and oppressive around them.

,  light also produced a strange effect
  threw up her handsand cried out

  herself  on the floor of
 mg.  her -arrms raised pro—
 oovwered there until Nick
 touched he_r,_on the shoulder.
“  ‘ her;

  r  “ads karjiv

NEW NICK ‘CARTER

And then,‘ while they were feeling their way along.

Larsen." “§he’s a woman,'afterA

tube towarduher, and showed her:

WEEKLY.

For three hours after that they contin.
through the mountain. always enveloped ii
darkness, and Nick had begun to wonder '1.
deserted them when they suddenly deboucht
open space, where a dim, although’ natural light
deepest of twilights, held sway.
They were inside a lofty dome; so lofty that ti
of. it could not be seen, save that away up in the
tance, hundreds of feet over their heads. a circular pla
showed, through which stars gleamed down upon them
The detective came to a halt, in wonder and in ad-
miration.
“This is magniﬁcent!" he said to Larsen.
“Yes,” was the reply; for he, too, was awed.
did! Terrible in its magniﬁcence."
“We are in the very center of a huge mountain," said

“Splen

Nick. “It is the bottom‘of a dry and bumed-out crater
here.”
“Yes.” ‘

Dura had come to a halt while they were talking, and
now she placed her hands to her lips and yodeled like a
Swiss mountaineer; and the song she sang, it it might
be called a song, was taken up and repeated by the

.“spirits of the mountain,” until it seemed to those who

listened as if a thousand voices were singing at once, all
in the same refrain, all in harmony.

Aiid then, still more wonderfully, as it seemed until
they understood the cause of it, as the last echoes of
Dura’s song died away in the distance, another and a
different one came to them from some distant point;
and thenit was taken up and repeated again and again,
over their heads, to the right, to‘ the left, above and
around them, until at last -that, too, died away as Dura’s
song had done.

» “What was it?" exclaimed Ten—Ichi, who had drawn
nearer to Duran, and who now seized her by the arm in
his amazement

She understood the question, even though the words
themselves had no meaning for her; and her lips ‘parted
in a smile.

Then she raised one arm and pointed straight acres
the crater; and she uttered the one word: '

“Carma.” ' .'

And Nick Carter knew then that Carma had kept her’

promise to him; thatgshe was there, in the bottom of the
crater, awaiting them.
CHAPTER XI.

‘ran “nous:-: or me noon,” Aim -rm: “boos

Silently, Durastrode   ;1sic‘ica_.._;g_he_;',.way'
fmlnsvsn ,-W-.==.°§ *¥¢‘.,!9¢‘¢-

.A I: 

0!‘ THE

  

  
  
 

 

  

‘ _Nick again.

could not do, bee: _
eternal to,.mem_ Jllfld such a ﬁssure that was too wide to

Show you and ,s descending through deep pits, and at
«Yes,» he ,..ounting over heaps of roasted stones, u'ntil
me_ You 5; came suddenly upon Carma herself.
have donegad alone on the center’ of a huge, ﬂat rock, as
An ex’. ﬂoor. Her arms were folded across her breast,
out fuﬂall the gorgeousness of her queenly costume, she
riots t..l a royal personage indeed. “
stmyut‘ queen though she might have been, royal per-
no nage though she was, she stepped forward quickly

 when Nick came to a halt in front of her, and, dropping
 upon one knee before him, she raised his hand and

touched it to her lips.

' She did not so much as look at the others of the party;
they might not have been there, for all the attention she
paid to them; her eyes were only for Nick, to whom she
had given, ‘in all its purity,*that wild, untamed heart of
hers. -

But she said no word to him now. a
Rising to her feet again, she raised her right arm and
pointed back toward the way from whence they had

a come, and she spoke rapidly to Dura in that unknown

tongue,
But Dura shook» her head, emphatically; she pleaded
with her mistress; and, after a little, Carma turned to

“Dura wishes to go with us,” she said. “Has she
your permission, Nicholas ?’3
“It shall be as you say, Carma,” replied Nick. “If

i you wish her to go, and if you think it best for her that
she should do so, by all means let her go with us.”

When this permission was conveyed to Dura, she also

' f fell upon one knee and touched Nick's hand with her

 and she showed every evidence of gratitude.
“We will rest here,” said Carma presently. “The way

. is long and diﬂicult from here to the door of the moun-

tain. The journey will consume many days."
'f‘Day§!” exclaimed Nick. “We are without food for
Inch a journey as that.” ‘ '

.  pointed toward .a square package‘ and replied

calmly: / o
"I have all that is necessary there. ' They are the

’ leaves of the cocoa,” she added, when she saw that he

‘did, not understand. “A person may live many days,
 weeks, upoil a few bunches of those leaves ;” and
remembered then that he had‘ heard Mexican In-
*diaig>S..tell of the wonderful nutritive and stimulating
powerofthecocoaléaf. . f " V
 we not be pursued?” he asked. “May not
  heryvarriors overtake us?” , g g
"  shook her head in a decided: negative.
 through the jnouse of the .Moon,’ " she said.
.-41!!-,=. 1».4oour'%e==c1aimed Nick again.
r l‘ '  is the ‘H.oué'e[°’f the
9 ,»e  f’-xri ..?. >- ‘

 

 

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

I

Moon.’ Reference was made to it when Zaidee asked
you to condemn me to death.”

“But if you had been sent here, you could have es~
caped,” said Nick.

“Yes; without you——and that would have been worse
than death; worse than a thousand deaths in one, Nich
olas.” - ‘

He did not reply, and she continued:

"There is a way out of here, to the door of the moun-
tain; but that way is not known to my sister Zaidee, or to
any of the people. Once, long ago, Dura and I were
condemned to this place, and when, after three days, they
came after us to throw us to the beasts in the arena, we
were no longer here. We had found the way outside.
through the door of the mountain.”

“What happened then, Carma?”

“Zaidee and her warriors searched for us many days,
but they did not find us. We had found ,our way out
of the mountain to the beautiful valley beyond, and there
we lived together till many moons had come and gone?
We were absent during the half of a change of the sun .
six'months——and we were given up for dead. Then, one
morning, when Zaidee called her guard for the review,
I stood’ there, with Dura beside me, and it was supposed

that we were miraculously- returned from the dead. '

Among all our people, Dura and I are the only ones
who know the way out through the door of the mountain
from the ‘House of the Moon.’ ”

“Good !" said Nick. “But theywill follow us this far, ' ~

will they not?”

“Not into the House of the Moon, Nicholas. Rest,
now, for the way before us is a weary one.‘ It is long
and tedious. Part of the distance your big friend will
have to carry the gentle Hilda, for she will not have the
strength and the endurance. It is strange that, although
she and her fathers have lived among us as many genera-‘

tions as mine have, which is forever, I think she has 
She has always been as W~:.*;':

never seemed to be ‘one of us.
a stranger.”

It was several hours later when they started on again,

and; this time Carma and Nick assumed the lead, walking
side by side.

Dura walked together.

And it was strange, too, that one of the Asiatic dials;

lects which was familiar to Ten-Ichi was strangely simi-

lar to the language she spoke, so that, by dint of great 5

effort, ‘they were enabled partlygto understand one an-
other. - «
Of that joumey' through the mountain very little need

be said, save that Carma had not overstated the 

when she said it would consume many days.

It did. The veins of that great crater seemed end-
less. : '

:Many times the members of the party 

 

Larsen and Hilda followed them; then 
came «Nielsen, alone, and for a rear guard, Ten~Ichi and 

’ .

 

 

   

   
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
    
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
  
  
 

_ utterly lost in the bowels of the earth, and doomed
 on until they died of starvation; but each
a renewed hope came to them; and never once did the
tless _Carrna lose her calmness of spirit and her
dence in her own ability to lead them out into the

.2 iéhtagaim

were scarce wide enough to admit the passage of
'r bodies; they {journeyed along lofty spaces _where
sides and the roofs were far beyond their range of
n; they toiled up steep inclines, or went sliding
- glassy spaces into unknown depths; they slept
. the rocks, and they ate their rations of cocoa leaves
theyfwalked, growing thinner day by day, but never
H; their courage or their powers of’endurance~—and
last they stepped out of the obscurit of that cavern-
‘place into full view of God's gracious sunlight. , _
h i came out upon a scene so splendid that they
.;,,.'Sed, breathlessly silent at the grandeur of it all.
i ' were upon, a shelving table—land that was per—
_ ‘it quarter ‘of a mile in width, and which ended over
 descent of many thousand feet to the plains
them; plains and forests extending away intermin-

’ of a river, which extended toward the southeast
1 jttwas lost to view among the hills and trees_..
is the Bermejo!” cried I..arsen,standing with one
around the slender ﬁgure of Hilda; and down there,
here, the Viking must be awaiting us. That is,
people who captured us did ngt destroy her.”
‘ ‘ing was destroyed,” said Carma. “The people
d"the Viking, as you call the vessel, do not know,
silky‘, what became of their master. They awoke
 gone,.that is all.: They were put to sleep as
;they awakened as you did, without knowing
dihappened while they slept." ' _
they were hot disturbed?” asked Larsen. _
at all. * ’T hey were drugged into slumber, as you
They were not touch .’«’
_, T  "case,”'-said Larsen, this time addressing N ick.
 ﬁnd them exactly as we left them, awaiting my
usey would wait there until the Viking
, than; if it-were necessary.’ My men are
“Come! Letusgoon.” T

Z’

  they killed a mountain deer.

   

grasp, -and the following morning they

  

  the river,’.’ said. Larsen.
' sg,_,_1\z,e_.-.ae. bind it together

  

    

sinaﬂ ;tribixta'ry "where we left‘

 

’ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

They made their way through crevices in the rocks

, and treading its way among them was the silver,

  rest and.an abiindance of food for

 proceed on their way held .

ft  the. river with the _

, "list?    and  »
.; a‘no$ié¢abf¢7w¢ntT‘§ave thatgshe rmleieh  e

23‘

_ ued the descent
they viewed it from the top of the table-l-. 1 that strange

were consumed, invgetting to it after they 5 Carma had
of the mountain, as Carma aptly named the ad into an

They forded some streams and drifted acrx ﬁke the
on logs; they forced their way through tangled
and they surmounted difficulties which needlnot '15 top
here; but at last, tired and sore, they arrived a dis.
bank of the great river, and recognized it at once we
the color of the water and by the general aspect of t\ \_
country around them. ‘ ‘ . 

VVhen Carma and Dura_would have assisted in the
manufacture of a raft to bear them down the stream,
Nick told her that she was now among people where
men did the manual work, and that she and Dura might
look on.

Nevertheless, she did her part, for she was stronger
than most men, and many times more agile.

One morning, just as the sun was rising over the
trees of the forest, they embarked upon their raft, which
was,‘ big and strongly made, and so they started upon
their journey, carried along by the swiftly, ﬂowing cur-
rent toward the place where the Viking awaited them.

It was a delightful change, this ﬂoating with the cur-
rent, after their weeks of toil through the darkness in-
side\the mountain and over the hills and through the
jungles since they discovered the river.

Carma spoke but little during this voyage, and not at
all ,to any one save Nick, unless she was addressed, when
she always replied in calm, unmoved tones, and with~
out a change of countenance. _

But when she spoke to Nick, either directly or in

‘reply to some question that he addressed to her, there .

was a decided change in her manner.
At such times her eyes shone with brightness. a smile

would steal into them, and a delicate ﬂush would s_ho-v ~ — pi:

through the bronze of her skin.

Her adoration of him was as simple and direct and as
undisguised as it was beautiful to. see; and, if truth be
said, it troubled him greatly, for he saw before her

i nothing but unhappiness when she should arrive among

highly civilized people, and should realize the difference
that existed. between herself and other women. ,
But he had to admit to himself that much of that
difference was to her advantage. Carma was far more
beautiful than any_woman he had ever seen. She was
graceful,‘ supple, and as perfectly formed as Godicould
make her. Her eyes wereglorious in their weird bril-
liancy, and her oval face was as perfect .in feature as 
artist’s dream. » ‘ '

Her complexion was not so. dark as some women will ,
tan in the sun; and there glowed just beneath a‘ hue of

red which is indescribable. .1 t 7

    
   
   

During their -"travels she had learned to speak Eng- ,v

,z.

 
 

   
  

 

    

. [‘.I

could not do, be-Jig
eternal torment.»-‘>

sh“ y°u and"°.'hey' ﬂoated down the river, Nick discovered

A“Y°;’” hid Fiat the rear end of the raft, with her eyes
Em do‘;‘:ﬂ miily upon the mountains they were rapidly

An ea“ oehihd them; and on one such Occasion he said

ts, out fusl 9 '
 "°”i:iring behind you, Carma? Do you wish that you
. blere back again arnong those mountain peaks?" I
‘ A “No,” she replied, turning to him with one of her
 , “rare smiles. “My heart goes with me when we are to-
‘  gether; it goes with you when ‘you are absent from ‘me.
,1 _ Iiwas not lookingyback, Nicholas; I was looking ahead.”
_ “At wl1at,'Carma?” ‘ i_ _
“Toward the strange people I am to meet and know:
' ‘.toward the strange world that I am "approaching with
each day; toward the unknown. I am wondering al~
I ways how your people will regard me. It‘ is all so strange,
 so.mysterious, so terrible!” ' ~
 “You will be a queen among them, Carma, even as you
were a queen among your own people; but you will rule
with a very diﬁerent power, child, for your scepter will
.  beauty.» . I .

.0 CHAFBER XII. .
  ‘A guaim Axons womm.

, .v They found the Viking awaiting them exactly where
they had left her when they weretaken away, drugged
pinto‘ senseléssness by Zaidee and her followers"; but the
‘ # surprising thing about ital] was the calm assurance
‘which Larsenls men greeted him upon. his return.
It was-exactly as if he had only been gone a day, and
 if they had expected return at any: moment; and,
‘v”ﬁ*lee.&.“itlwasso. I ‘ "
And there, aboard the Viking,  hadlprovided,
' "I gather  a m.u.niﬁc¢nt..sspp_ly of female wear-
TGL \ ' I ‘ . i .
b linow, Nick,”~«lre- explained, after had spread
 pm oveittthéi chairs\'and tables of the main
‘ ‘ ‘_ j.-ifor. won"ten‘s‘ ‘inspection,’ and the men. ‘of the
 had  to‘ thddeck for the double purpose
’ '    ’¢he_ir_new possessions,
W8?‘ '54: “!?d°¥'. way down. the ﬁxer-
 “ ‘ J l'f‘ha‘ve  some years already
.. qr

musical intonation with her contralto

  

  

  
 

  

  

  

  
  

  

  
 

   

    

  
    
 
  

   
 

 

x

  

NEW . NICK cARTI«:R WEEKLY.

- There is enough for a dozen or a score of women down
goes your heart still cling to the people you are _'

' cuts and whatchucallems down there as there are clothes. '

three, ‘Hilda, Carma, or Dura, has ever seen gowns like ‘V

- stood side by side in the bow of the vessel as she swung

V  3 -‘,5?  kn.o.w’.a.,s0’. - wreath. ofmtobaeco smolce into. the air. ' ,
jligiomd her, the. thing ' she‘.
'   ’It.was

 
   
 
  
    
   
    
   

would face the devil himself, provided. she was properly

clothed and in the best style and textures; eh ?” .‘
“Right again.” i '
“So, you see, I laid in a stock for Hilda to select from. I

there in the cabin,.as you could see for yourself."
“Yes, I thought as much.” ~
“And there is as great a variety of sizes and shapes and i

   

I think that the three girls will ﬁnd sufficient there to fit _
themselves out ﬁnely,iand to ﬁll a few trunks besides——-if  ~
we had fem here to fill. You see, I didn’t know whether
Hilda would be tall or short, and all that, so I ﬁtted out is V
for a regular society dinner, with the traveling-suits  f
Then he broke into a hearty laugh.

       
       
    
  

thrown in.”

“What is the matter now?” asked Nick.
"“I just happened‘ to remember that not one of the

        
 
  
  

   
  
    
   
 

those“/before. I was wondering if they would know how
to get into them.” 1
‘SI think youpcan trust ‘a woman for that,” smiled’
Nicliéa
“Likely enough.” 3
The detective had returned to his cigars, and now 
was enjoying the luxury of one; and he and Ten—Ichi'

      
  

    
        
  

  
    

    
   

gracefully around and steamed out of the tributary irito
the‘ greater river. i
“It has been astrange adventure, Ten~Iehi," he sai
to his assistant. 4 i _ _ I j
“And the‘ end is not yet,” replied Ten-Ichi. “Thei-
are complications ahead ‘of you, chief. Serious coinpl'
cations, don’t you think?” ‘ I

I “You refer to Carma?”
“Yes.” , ~

" “she? in not be a. complication, Ten-‘Iehi.”
“No? I“ had feared that shewould be. Her
‘to you is absolute.” * I 1_
A “Yes,” said Nick calmly. “It is," and he blew_

 
      
  
 

   
  
    
   

   
     
   

devotimt.

 
  
 

    

.2§he is not so dark as s)orneiSpa.niards,.or as 
Italian .beau_ties. I. have seen;"not nearly so dark 

     

Qvnfizebiile. clﬁ,_=f-"-  . . ,. 
.,"1~:_'¢’>,j’ said Nick again, blowing away another’

 
 
 
     

K

   

  

    
 

    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
    
 
  
   
   
  

 

 a little opportunity she will be as accom-
 as the best of them, chief.”

A be will,” asserted Nick, still blowing smoke, and
smiling qyietly. I i
“I have been wondering:-——-” began Ten—Ichi.

“Yes?” said Nick encouragingly.

“If you returned that devotion.”

“Have you/?‘ Why?” _

- use I tremble for the consequences, if you do not,
I!

 consequences would you dread, Ten—Ichi?’-’

J  eﬁect upon her: She would wither like a rose
e an open furnace door. Her heart would break.
would kill her as surely as if a bolt of lightning were
Sdtﬁkeiher down. That is what I fear.”

 ‘threw away his cigar; then he calmly produced
I I one, and lighted it before he replied, and then

.1. ‘

 bbolt of lightningvshall strike Carma, my lad, if I
3the. strength to stand between it and her. ‘ Do you
 me, Ten—Ichi?” V ‘ _ p

e the .latter could reply, the voice ‘of Larsen
‘them from  afterdeck. '

..]13¢r'eL-—yqur’ he called. “Come and witness the
 I The wit of woman has triumphed.
§ﬁd.oﬁer your allegiance to our three queens.”

 of woman had triumphed indeed.

_ and Hilda and Dura had come outupon the
 armsaround one another, and they had
 alongthe decl;,gsrr,1iling as they ad—
  eyes shining in sympathy with their
 dressed, elegantly, though plainly and

’ if hadapi-ovided, they formed ‘a picture

  
 

 V L “fin her anywhere you will, and
‘    and  will blossom

    
 

  
 

  
      

1 "NEW. NICK CARTER WEEKLY.’

 of their  belowin the cabin; -

pg  whlich the forethought of .

 

smiled again with amusement—-“that thc
always belonged to me, and that they ha
waiting patiently until I should come to clai.

“There seems to 'be no doubt of that, Carma
Nick. “And pray, what have you done with
jewels?”

“I have laid them aside. I thought of throwing \
away in the water; but then it occurred to me that pc
, sibly you would prefer that I should keep them.”

i “Keep them! I should say so. There is not another
woman in all the world who possesses jewels like yours.
You will be glad enough to show them later on.”

“Did you ever see threelsuch radiant beauties?” de-
manded, Larsen. “What is the matter yvith you, Jack
Nielsen? You are as dumb as an oyster.”

_“I am wishing that my wife, whom I have not seen
for six years, was here now,” he replied; and he turned
and went below.

At Corr_ientes the voyageurs stopped for half a day,
and there Nielsen found a ‘reply to his cabled message
home; so that after that he was as happy as the rest of
them. i _ ‘

During the voyage down the Paraguay River there was
one day when Larsen and Nick found themselves alone
onthe deck, for half a gale of wind was blowing and
the rain was falling ﬁercely.

‘;There is one question that I have been wishing to
ask you, Ni ,” said Larsen, pulling the detective behind
the shelter of the deck-house.

I “Yes?” replied Nick: “What is it?”

“Do you recall that time, now long ago, when we
started away from New York on this expedition? When
I virtually made you a prisoner, in‘ order to force you
to~go with me?. When ‘you sent a wireless message
’ back to New York-to a woman named Clarice?”

“Perfectly,” replied Nick, without a change of ex-. A .— V

~ ptession. “Why you ask?’.’

“Because-—er——well, to be frank, because I thought, at
.the time, that you were in’ love with that same Clarice,
mad that you intended to make her your wife.” . V _ ,

“Didyou? ~You were mistaken, Larsen. Clarice 

my dear to ime~fand I am to her, Ithink and hope.
But we did not love each other in the way you mean.

She will belas rejoiced as i that I gm: found ‘
. _ ."I.qrg1, .Nick«! You don't know how that relieveamy r
_’ Carrnayis a queen among allwomcn‘, even if you
1  *9 89 °°.*l*9*=* =3“ 9* the wdsld ~°iﬁNE ‘P .

 

 

   .,........,,l... :‘\. .: __  ,_,...,,..,,_  —_.,. ‘.

 
  
   

 

‘ ' ' .  -*9 - ‘NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY

could not do, begin. ~ .

eternal torment. _s .—tH'ick softly, and with a smile on his lips. casting its radiance down upon the decks, Nick and

5h°W YW andnv én among women, and among men, as well. Carma stood together at the rail of the V:'kz'n g, looking
“Y3!” he ‘Crib beautiful than any woman in the world, off over the troubled waters of the ocean. V

me. You 5d 0’. , _ ' ,, ~'=
have dong ,9. Jrldas pardon and yours.

. .
"en.
_«

.2?

‘A

1

“Tell me, Nicholas. what I am to do when we arrive ;.

 

(Hilda is beautiful; but Carma is--is-—is-——-” in that'cit ' which you call New York ?" she said.

An czar.” . ’ — .
out fu3.v1zr1‘na is Carma,” said Nick. A “You are to become my wife, Carma." he replied. 
rior "here was a ion silence between them after that. “You are to meet my friends. Thev are all to witness, I

§r 8‘ . .

 
  
  
    
  
   
    
    
    
  
   
    
  
  
   
  
        
      
       
   
     
    

Strﬁlgﬂich was ﬁnally broken by Larsen, who continued as our marriage; and then, after that, we are to travel for

 if there had been no hiatus in their conversation. a time over the world. in order that you may. see it and
_ “But Eoodﬂe-‘>5: NiCk. think Of 811 that th0S€ three know it as I do. And during that time you are to have ‘A
women have gotto learn; eh P” ' around and about you people who will teach you all the

The detective laughed aloud. things you wish to know. But most of all, henceforth, ‘ ,
“_“They will acquire what is necessary, just as they as long as we both shall live, you are to be my sweet- .
Vdotmed those clothes which your foresight provided, hear-t-wife,” 
Larsen,”‘ he said; “they will absorb it without your - THE 539- A 5

~ realizing it." I . The next number (531) will contain: “A Black~.",‘

. At another time, when the vessel was far out at sea,’ mailer’s Paradise; or, Nick Carter Discovers the Hidden
"bound northward, and at an hour when a full moon was Hand.”

A 5
v, i _ 1 r
. . ‘

1: TIPETOP WEEKLY E 

r..

 

}

. ' ‘N

I! receive hundreds of letters every week from readers asking if we can supply the early numbers of Tip 'I‘o_p containing -5;

l?rnn|:’e adventures. In every one we are obliged to reply,that numbers 1 to 300 are entirely out of rim. W e would like 3;

to call the attention of our readers to the fact that the Frank M¢_rriwell Stories now being publlshe in book form in the _ ,.«w

ledell Llbrnry are inclusive of these early numberl. The ﬁrlt book to appear was No.1.-Soentitlcd "Frank .\lerriwell's Schoolda s.” .3;

‘ ,» We give herewith 9. com lete list of all stories that have been published in book form up to the time or‘ writing. We it'll be lg

sled to send a ﬁne comp ete catalogue of the Kedal Library which is just ﬁlled with good things for boys. upon receipt of a one-
cent stamp to cover posuges . .

 

. MEDAL LIBRARY . , MEDAL LIBRARY .
. ' AT I0 CENTS AT I0 CENTS '
x5o—Frank Men-iwell'e Schooldaye. 292--Frank Merri\vell’s Hard Luck. » 
167——Frank Merriwell’s Chums. 296-Frank Merriv.-ell’: Protege. , ‘ 
x7&-Frank Merriwell's Foes. 300--Frank Merriwellon the Road. ,1
.2 1gg:lI::ragll: Q/£ery.iwe3'sDTrip gveﬁ.‘ I 304-1}: ran)‘: lrgerriwelllls IC:)wn Company.
I ra l ernwe own on . 308- ran ernwe 5 ame.
r93—Fnnk- Merriwell’s Bravery. 312-Frank Merriwell’s College Chums.
I97-—-Frank Merriwell’s Hunting Tour. ‘ 316-—Frunk Merriwell‘s Problem.
am--Frank Merriwell in Europe. 320-Frank Z\Ierriwe1l’s Fortune.
ao5—Frank Merriwell at Yale. . V 324--Frank Merriwell's New Comedian.
3 my-Frank Merriwell’s Sports Aﬁeld. V . 3a8—Franl< Merri_well’s Prospenty.
3x3—Franlg Merriwell’s Races. 332,-Frank Mernwell’s Stage I-lit.
2x7—-Frank Merriwell’s Bicycle Tour. , ' 336--Frank Merriwelrs Great Scheme.
,A __ 325—eFra.nk ﬁerriwell’|_Courage. 34o—Frank Merriwell in England.

i_ a9—-Frank erriwellfs Daring. .344-Frenli Merriwell on the Boulevards.
233—Frank Merriwelfs Athletes. ‘ 348-Frank Merriwell's Duel. ’
237-g~Frnnk Merriwell’s Skill. 352—Frank Merriwell’s Double Shot.
aqar-Frat\k,Merriw:ll’s Champions. 356-Frank Merriwell’s Baseball Victories.

M 244-—Franl: Merriwell's Return to Yale. 359-—Frank Merriwelfs Conﬁdence.
. 7 It}--Fflnk Merriveilh Secret.‘ -362-=-Frank‘Merriwell's Auto.
 - 35;..Fnmk Mg-g-'m¢11'. Dan er, . ~ 36 Frank Merriwell’s Fun.
, .4 - _. g F33]: Metﬁw¢n'3 gy_ . ‘ ’ Frank Merri_well's Generosity.
-; ' ; _ Frank Merriwell in mp. 371-—-Frank Merriwell’s Tricks.
=' 4 - E 1 F:-anlc’Merriwell’s Vacation. 374-Frank Merriwclls Temvtation
. ~_a67~—,Fnnl: Mmiwars cum . ,. 377-Frank Memwell on Too.
3-,u...1?m-.1; M¢fﬁﬁ'¢[]’5 chm, ' i - A1‘ 15 cans. (lncreesell an
I  Mcrriwell kl Maine.~ 380-—Frank Merrivi-ell‘s Luck.
 ‘_  Merriwell's Stru e. . ‘ ~ 383--Frank Merriwell’s Mascot.
 Me_rrihell'sYrut' oh. . _ ;ﬁ—-Frank Me ' ll's’ Reward.
 , 4ra:1k.Me?riv,Iell’p,. 5- ,3 . .- . 389-Frank Me well’s Phantom.
r ,.‘r V .

   
 

  

    
  

    

 in cw YO an (_2 I ‘rt? " 5

 

 

  

he Nick Carter Wee

 

suan EVERY SATURDAY.

   
   
 
  
  
    
 

I

2-,.-

 with all kinds of crirninals,

heuses his wits.

T  sdealer.

HANDSOMEST oo|.oREucc.

. No other detective library contains stories that are half so ii.
 Nick Carter, has been all over the world and has had expet

%'That’s why, boys, his adventures holds one’s interest from cover
cover. There is no brutality in NicI<’s make-up—he does not need it
Do not fail to get the latest number from your

PRIGE'FIVE oenrrs PER copv

 eresle by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt at price In money or postage stamps

  
  
  
  
  
  
    
    
   
  
  
   
  
    
  

HERE ARE THE

--The'IV‘Ian of Many Faces; or, Nick Carter Behind
the Scenes. "C

_  * T est Moment. - ~

. Bare-faced Jimmy, the Gentleman Crook; or, Nick

’ Car-ter’s Amazing Experiment.

lThe' Gentleman Crook's Last Act; or, Nick Carter
* and he Haunted House.
The ,“ id_oo” of the K. U. & T.; or, Nick Carter's
) -. _Grea't Train Robbery Case.

The Last of the Outlaws; or, How Nick Carter
Stopped the "Cannon—ball.”
Nick Carter's Twin Mystery; or, The Secret of the
(}reen*AutomobiIe. ' -
Battle of Wits;’or. Nick Carter’s Fight for Life.
Game of .ive Millions; or, Nick Carter's Fight
With a rend. ’ '
 ‘dinan the Poisoner; or, ‘Nick Carter’s Strangest
;‘ : i)ExpC1’i€IlC€. _ r ‘ V.
’.The1P'lot of the Poisoneryor, Nick‘ Carter’: Hair—
. ,. breadth Escape. . .
‘  Giant; or,,T“en-Ichi Plays a Lone

Mecham” ‘cal
 (the Unknown ; or, Nick ‘Carter’: Blindfold

    
   
 
  
  

 

it  ‘Woman; or,‘ Nick Carter Iinces a

.     Ghost»; or,   
«wrest»  .Nsck mood-.
hot;:gd.0n'.ﬂ1eSc.tei'1t”.r_  I‘ ’ _ s= T’ ’

  

   

C A Letter From the Dead ;Aoi', Nick Carter's Prowl!’

LATEST TITLES:

521—Tl1e Mysterious Stranger; or, Nick Carter’s Com-
plex Case. . '

522——The \Vhite Arm of :1 \V0man; or, Nick Carter's
Desperate Chase. ..

523——The Man in the Doorway; or, Nick Carter's Con-
quest of at Castle.

,524--The Plot of the Baron; or, Nick Carter's Telling

Strategy. .

525—The Passenger on the Night Local; or, Nick Car-
ter's Perfect Disguise.

526-—A Double Mystery; or, Nick Carter’s Strong-hand

Play. r
527——Clarice, the Countess; or, Nick Carter’s Motor-’
boat Chase.
528-—Clarice, the Woman Detective; or, Nick Carter's
Titled Assistant. -
529-—The Index of Seven Stars; or, Nick Carter ‘Finds
the Hidden City. ~ “ ‘

- 53o—An Amazonian Queen; 91-, Nick Carter Becomes a

A Gladiator.
531-——A Blackmailer's Paradise: or, Nick Carter Dis-
covers'the Hidden Hand. «

.532--Gipsy Madge, the Blackmailes; or, Nick Carters

First-class Bluff. - 
533-Facing an Unseen Terror; or, Nick Carter’s Day
of Blunders. _ . ' .
534—Ida_vah, the Woman of Mystery; or, Nick Carter's
, Four-fold Problem. .

 ‘Free? My ms-clrvi

535--The Making oi_e King; or, Nick Carter Faces His

Greatest Mystery.

     
 

 Q ;  ._ .. , . f‘f,%,w,§:, .
3 .

auld not do, i V 
ternal tormeri_' A 5
now y°u an-M‘ ’\ .

«Yes,» hen am

 

. Y b 3:
TV. aq:’,f,..7§o EVERY WEDNESDAY. , .BEAu1'u=ui. coI.oREo covERs 
Aime.  - 

t it . _ , V ' .
;,.n'na» There are a large number of boys to whom stories about the same

gzffzharacters, week after week, become monotonous. It was to suit these
fit fellows that we published BRAVE AND BOLD. 
V Each story is full 3o,ooo words in length and is gcomplete in itself, 

having no connection with any that went before or will come after. 
 Don't miss these: i

PRICE F|\_lE,CEN1?lS PER COPY

Fouall by all newsdsalers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

 

  
 
 
   
     
    
   
    
   
    
        
 

 
 

+1..

HERE ARE T THE LATEST TITLES}

_l90——~C8ptain‘l\~Iystery; 01’. The Brave Cvirl of Boulder Bar. By 207-—Bart Benner's Mine; or, The Boy Who Got'There. By! “

 
  
    
    
    
     

- ' »Herbert Bellwood. - Lieut. Lionel Loimsberry.  5
:9!-—Sil\i-er Sallie; or, The Three Queer Pards of Poker Pocket. 2o8—The Young Ranchman; or. Bart Benner Going It Alone. ‘
- By J. . Cowdrick. ‘ By the author of “Bart Benner’s Mine." ;
391"Tl’l¢ Ranch R3ld€V5: 0?. Secret Of the Golden Dagger. By 209--Bart Benner’s Cowboy Days; 01'. The Young Hunter of “

Cant. Hal Hazelton. the Big Horn. By the author of "Bart Benner’s Mine." T

 193-5 Baptism of Fire; 01', At the Front With the Japs. By 210--Gordon Keith in Java; or, The Search for the Lost Wild : i
T . ‘ Mark Darran. . ‘ Animal Taker. By Lawrence White, Jr. , ‘
l94_—,—The Border Nomad; or. Sharper Stokes’ Double Deal. By 2!!-—-Ned Hawley’s Fortune; or. Lost in the Heart of New York. ._
. ' Herbert Bellwood. By Herbert Bellwood.
.» 39,5--Ma_rlvK.Mallory’s _Struggle;, or, Friends and Foes At West 212-—Under False Colors; or. Dick Dangerﬁeltﬁ Mystery. 3!
E» 2  " Point. By Lieut. Fred Garrison, U. S. A. a Police Captain Manning. . ‘ ,
. 96-,-A Strarife Clue;_or, The Sharks and Sharps of New Yorh. 213-Bags, the Boy Detective; or, Following a Warm Trail. By I
 J By arnes Fisk. . . I Richard Hackstaﬂ’. » '- '
191,-Ranch Bob; or, The Boy Sleuth of Kansas. By Richard zi4—On the Pam as; or. A Strange Chase Across South Aims“ * ’
T ». Traill. 1 ica. By awrence White, Jr.
 Eleétric Wizard; ‘or. Through Air and Water to the 2i5——'I‘he Crimson Clue; or. Dick Dangei-ﬁeld's .\Iission. Lﬁ ‘ i
T 4 ~- Pole.‘ By Emerson Bell. . " Police Cap airi Manning. _ _ 
:39-Bob._ the. Shadow; or, Solving a. Double Mystery. By 216--At the Red Horse; or, Herr Driesbach, the Lion King. By
_' Richard Haclrstoﬂ‘. ‘ ' Charles H. Day.‘ _ ~
mu--You Giants ‘of the Gridiron; or. Fighting For the Foot- 2i7—Riﬂe and Rod; or. A Cruise Down ﬁie Lake. By J. M‘.
 T bal Pennant. By Frank Merriwell. Merr' . _ ‘ _ .
aoi--Dick Ellis, the Nighthawk Reporter: or. The Biggest News 2:8-—Pards; or. Comrades for Life. By Colonel Prentiss It
 _ "Beat" on Record. By Robert Reid. V . . gr ar_ri. _ _
-=ma—-Pete. the Breaker Boy; or, The Young Coal Mine Ferret. 2:9-—Aﬂoat with a Circus: or. The Diamond-seekers of Natal.

 

  
        
  

, 1 “By Richard Hackstaff. _ By Henry L. Black. _ _ pt,
sﬂzi--Young Bv?verick the B0 From Nowhere: or, The Ten- 22o—Wide Awake; or, The Boys of the Bicycle Brigade. By
derfoo Oil Kin of Tvexas. By Sam Rusher. ' Weldon J. Cobb.

  
 

ms-i-~Tom,. the Mysteryd oy; or, Trailed By a Secret Shadow. 221-—-The Boy Caribou Hunters; or, Treasure-trove"of Hudson’!

       
  
   

  
   
  

 By‘ Robert Re: . Bay. B Charles B. Cross. _
35+-éfontlight “Phil; or, From Call-boy to Star. By Manager 222—Westward 0; or, The Cabin in the Clearing. By Henri
. . ‘ ‘Henry Abbott « L Black. -V - '

The Sky Sm less; or,‘ Gordon Keith's Great Balloon’ 223-—Mai-k Graham; or, The Boy Wanderers of the Desert. 3)»
;  By. wrenre White, Jr. , . H. C. Emmet. '

  

    
    
    
  

   

t   A awdsuxlh um saunoutscursllsultnnulvslsuun. so-nuuanontusoau
 “ : nmiswnﬂtm tbeprloeutt)isbooksyouvInssna..’vu:‘insendthemtnyoebyrsttirnm
1. _ _ young.  Avenue. an rain Otty. ‘ V M  ......  ......... 
' Dy  Qagstsnywsn-t«~ylu;e1,osodh¢l..,.........eertrstorwhlonptsssosqndus: _
‘  .. ’  ; .__lns.....‘..L.~.,............;........,..... ..’......eaphsotIl.l?FALO nu. Nos...........................mp... A
 , “snoop-vpugsvnoyoquup-p IV:I‘V.D!‘oC,O:'l"J'_,i  i“ u    ._ ‘Qua, ........ -o.-c-ooocvqhfg-sgv;p‘,5fgVIQQ'

 

      

joy: _,., , .....D£Oﬂ-..u..,..e-mac.”-
>- .‘r A  "I""_

      

  
       

  

  

suEn EVERY THuRsbAv.

 

BEAUTIFUL COLORED CC.

/.—.é

  
 
    
  
  

_ CPS-

Diamond Dick and his son, Bertie, ‘are true men of the Wes.
lains. They are noble—hearted fellows who don’t impose on the Weakt
' and who don’t let anyone else do it if they can help it.
V, You ought to read how they clean up a mining camp of the dis-
nest gamblers and other toughs who usually _prey oh the urfeducated

PRICE FIVE cENTs PER copv

or isaleoby all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

    

'arnond Dick in the Saddle; or, The Secret of the
2., Steel Glove. ‘
3~,.-Diamond Dick’s Greatest Peril; or, The Strange
" 3‘ *‘ Hobo of Death Valley. . .
_-gr-A-Diamond Dick’s Ou_tlaw Duel; or, The Bronco-
" L’ buster of the Pecos. V .-
Tﬁw-Diamond Dick’s Mystic‘ Mark; or, The Handker-

_ chief Man’s Vendetta.
Diamond Dick's, Race.Riot'; or, A Hot. Brush in
»: Mexix. _ '
'mond Dick’s Ghostly Round-up; or, The Phan-
 tom Steer of K-Bar-6'. '
Diamond Dick’s Big Drive; or, Holding Them

Down in a Blizzard. '

   
   
 
 

       
   
  
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
 
 

 Dick’s Steel Glove; or, The Smiling Man

.,;_-From, Santa Fé. ‘ , I . _.

anjiond Dick’s No-riarrre Mystery; or, The ‘Smi-

ling Man's Bad Mistake.

Diamond D_ick’s Midnight. Stampede; ‘or, The‘

vﬂorse-thieves of the Cim'arrc_m.- " ..
T-.=. Dick’s’ Forlorn Hope; or, The Siege -of ‘

_‘d0b€ Castle. . ' “

,nd~'Dick’s Night 'Watch; or, The Pretty Girl
-._'F,31ling»1_{ock.  .. ‘ ’ _

and Dick’s Three To One; or, Backed .ByR

‘k1CléS3fn..~"v " ‘ ~ "» ‘C ' .4

amend Diclcfs-«Golden Quest; or, The Secret Of

 
 
  

 

  

' ''’c;r.’. .
 ~

 
  

 teats‘; ;»+; 

  
 

HERE ARE THE LATEST TI.TLEs:

529—D1amond Dick’s Heiress Hunt; or, A Daslf
Through the Big Divide.

530—D1amold Dick at the Throttle; or, The Ghostly

, Headlight of Hoodoo Pass.

531-—Diamond Dick’s Hobo Trail; or, The Man, with
the Long Blue Scar.

532——Diamond Dick’s Black Sign; or, A Strange Battle
with a Dead -Man.

533—Diamond'Dick’s Queer Rebuke; or, Giving‘ a Leg-
son to a "Bad l\la_n.” ‘

534-—Diamond Dick’s Night Ride; or, The Worth of‘ ad‘

Thoroughbred Pard. ~
535-Diamond Dick on an Indian Trail; or, The Venge-
ance of a Navaho. . x
536—Diamond Dick in Arizona; or, The Foolhardy
' Sport of Grand Cafion.
537-g—Diamond Dick Over the Rio Grande; or, A Hunt
~ for a Girl Through Mexico.
538——Diamond Dick’s Shower of Gold; or, The Princess
of the Montezumas.
539-Diamond Dick -Below the Line;.or, An American
- - Against Big Odds.

540-—Dia,mond Dick on Shipboard; or, Blocking a Slick L

Game. .- = .. _ A
54I——Diamond Dick’s Wide Loop; or, Roping Five. at

One Throw. . ‘ ; '
542—Diamond Dick’s Royal Foe; or, The Strange P33-
' sage of'the Santa C rua. '

543——Diamond Dick’s College Scrap; or, A Battle Fog '

His Alma Mater.
544——Diamond Dick in the Deep
Call on the Yukon.

cals of .White Horse.

" -wan_t.any.beck.innmbers ourglibrariesaiidicannot procure them  your hen; '
     Postage stamps taken the same as money.

  

Snows: or, A Close T A: 
‘V:,‘4i5¢—15iamoxtd Dick’s Merciless Trail; or, The Two Ras.

   

  

uld not (10,
ernal torn“‘°

as up top WEEKLY

W >'°,}““ “En EVERY FRIDAY
“Yes. e ti’
Le. §’1i1d....
EVE

Hanosome COLORED covens

Never has Burt L. Standish written such interesting tales of the 

..,-Atfr‘i.dver1tures of the Merriwell brothers, Frank and Dick, as are now appear- 
3°: ‘mg in this weekly. Mr. Standish has _ a world-wide circle of friends and I

heispu

p tying forth his best efforts to amuse and entertain them.
you have no idea of what a grand sfeast he is pieparing for you.
Top’s stories are going to astonish you. Do not fail to buy this library.

‘PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY -

For sale by all newsdealers, or sent, postpaid, by the publishers upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

Boys, V 
Tip 

HERE ARE THE LATEST TITLES:

539-—;—Dick Merriwelfs Check; or, The Hot Bunch From
‘ Happy Cam .
54o——Dici'} Merriwells Sacriﬁce; or, Team Work That
old.
. 541--Dick Merriwell's Heart; or, Breaking the Hard
g . Luck Streak. T .
 542-—Franl< Merriwell’s New Auto;, or, The Lure to
-x 5 < Destruction.
' P .543--Frank Merriwell's Pride; or, The Double-Header
 A _ at Pineville.
 54'4--Frank Merriwell’s Young Winners; -or, The Stars
 A ‘ in the Blue Hills.
-V 54g5——~DiclIr)lMerriwell’s;Lead; or, Bound to Hold First
“ ace. P .
 5.364-«Dick Merriwe-ll’s Inﬂuence; or, On the Right Road
 At hast.
 547-7-Dick Merriwell’s Top Notch; or. Against Odds,
 Fate, and Scherning.
7 , 548--—Frank Merriwell’s Kids; or, The World Beaters In
5  * New York.
 549-—Frank eMerriwell’s iKodakers; or, Hunting Big
.  Game Without Guns.
 550-—Dicl< Merriwell. Freshman: or, First Days at Yale.
551-—Dick Merriwell’s Progress; or, The First Chance
 ‘ . on thegField.
553--Dick Merriwell, Half-back; or,
Game ,at_Last. _. T
Mei-riwell's Resentment; or. In Defense of
« . His Honor.
54.--Dick Merriwell Repaidtor. The Heart of Officer
j ’ Maloney. F V

 

  
 

Getting into the

 
 

aim:-5. A

 

569—Dick Merriwell’s Silent Worlc; Or, A Help xi

 . Kiyouvutonybaeknvgmhernefoonllbruia andeannot procure. than from your 
 niikt  Postm Stews! him the same. as money» ' 5'»

 Avenue-e NEW

*
4‘-

555-—Dick Merriwell’s» Staying Power; or, The Great
Game at New Haven. ,.g
556—Dick Merriwell’s “Push”; or, The Victim of the 
“Flying Mare.” ,
557——Dick Merriwell’s Running; or, The Meet at Me-
chanics’ Hall; <
558——Dick .\lerriwell’s Joke; or, Fun with the Jumping
Frenchman. ; 
559-—Dick ;\lerriwell's Seven; or. The Scrub That Made.
the Regulars “Go Some." , 
56o'——Dick Merriwell’s Partner; or, The Boy from‘
Texas. . ,
561-Dick Merriwell in the Tank; or, Rushing the Regu-.
lars at Water Polo. ‘
562-——Frank Merriwell's Captive; or,’ The Folly of Ches-Q

   
  
   
  
  
    
  
   
    
    

ter Arlington.‘

563~-—Frank Merriwel1's Trailing; or, The Flight of
Fool. "

564~-Frank MerriwelI’s Talisman; or, The Charm of}
Cocheta.

565~—Frank Merriwell's Horse; or, The Boy Who}
Would Be Bad. T

566- »—Frank Merriwell’s Intrusion; or, Warner, the M

a Who Won. :
56]--Frank Merriwell’s Bluff; or, The Lost Seiiorita

T Sonora. » f

568-‘ «Dick Merriwell’s Regret; or, The Friend He Nev

Knew.

 
     
    
     
    

    
 

Hand for a Foe.

   
   

  

Yonk7 

 
 

   

    

E‘
a:
F.

 

 

THE FAVORITE LIST

OF FIVE-CENT LIBR,ARIES

    

 

  
 

Nick . Carter Weekly

We know, boys, that there is no need of introducing to
you Nicholas Carter, the greatest detective that ever
lived. Every number containing the adventures of Nick
Carter has a peculiar, but delightful power of fascination.

  

    
    

 

  

 
 

RIDER WEEKLY
‘ Ted Strong was appointed deputy mar-
shal by accident, but he resolves to use his
authority and rid his ranch of some very
V  tough bullies. He does it in such a slick
way that everyone calls him “King of the
Wild West” and he certainly deserves his
title. 3100 in cash are given to the readers
of this publication,
Buy a copy and learn how to come in for a
share of it.

These are stories of the adven-
tures of boys who succeeded in
climbing the ladder of fame by
honest effort. No more inter-
esting tales can be imagined.
Each number is at least one-third
longer than the ordinary ﬁve-
cent library.

Buffalo Bill is the hero of a
thousand exciting adventures
among the Redskins. These are
; given to __our boys onlyin the
Buﬁalo Bill Stories. They are
bound to interest and please you.

  

 
 

 

Billy."

BRAVE AND BOLD

Every boy who prefers variety ‘
in his reading matter, ought to _
be a reader of Brave and Bold. T
All these were written by authors
who are past masters in the art
of telling boys‘ stories. Every
tale is complete in itself.

DIAMOND DICK WEEKLY
 f “T
In.

  

    
    
   
   
   
   
    
 
    
    

 

   

   

The demand for stirring stories
of Western adventure is admir-
ably ﬁlled by this library. Every
up-to-date boy ought to read just ‘ .
how law and order are estab- " "
lished and maintained on our M
Western plains by Diamond Dick,
Bertie, and Handsome Harry.

BOWERY BOY LI

The adventures of a poor waif
whose only name is “Bowery
Billy is the true product
of the streets of New York. No
boy can read the tales of his trials
without imbibing some of that
resource and courage that makes
the character ofthis homeless boy
stand out so prominently.

  
   

      
     
     
   
   
 

    
    
 
   
    
       
   

    

 

  

consequences. Get the current number.

The Tip Top Weekly

Frank Merriwell and his brother Dick are known and Yoved by over one
hundred and fifty thousand of the best boys in the United States.
both clean-cut, vigorous fellows who dare to do right no matter what the
We are sure you will like it.

  

   

They are

 
    

   

 

 

