   

        

I /sum)’ Utél; ﬂy ‘ 2'/;.’x'an ,?:._,'ofer;..1r. E11,’: .145 _5)wnd~ as; Jll1.'/er .1! the /1151 Ozﬁre by STEET & SMITH, 7o-So Sz’Z'eh'hA:‘:., '. >

No. 525 M T T guéw YORK, .uNmY"1i;, 1907. Price, Five cenfs

At the instant when the head and shoulders of the fellow were suddenly thrust into Nick Cnrter’s
face. the detective's hands shot out and closed on the throat of the outlaw like a vise.

   l,\

o.

;_i I

‘N1 LEW

@TJ”ElR

  

7No.525.

lP{l[l@llK§
. WE

[stud Wally. By subrcrilttion $2.50 per year. Entered as Second-class Mailer a! 11:: N. Y. Past Oﬂice. by STREET & Surrx-K. 70-<37 Seventh Avenue.
N. Y. Eulered according to Act of Congress in the year 1907. in the Oﬂic: of the Libranhn 0/ Cbngrerx, Was/kingtail. D. C

NEW YORK, January 19, 1907.

‘EKLV ,

Price F in Cents.

 
 
  
     
   
  
    
   
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
 

"I

,   
 7 e  - /C’! .?‘o

.   a7.,~,r:£<9-

CHA-P_T,ER I.
run PASSENGER ON THE NIGHT LOCAL.

:~Nie_k Carter was seated in the fear qf the smoking-car
when the train pulled up at a watering-tank and the loco-
Inotive wheezed dismally, like the breathing of a tired
monster, while the valves were opened and the boilers
'_er‘e replenished.
Darkness had fallen; that is, the sun had gone down
and twilight had disappeared. The night, howevér, was
,_ fa dark one, for the young rngon, half-way toward the
M,  already near the zenith; and the air being won-
dezﬁilly clear, objects were plainly discernible at a con-
 u '» distance across the sage~brush;covered land-
Ihtringiﬁvc ntinutes previous to the stopping of the train
flatter‘ had ‘been interested in some moving ﬁgures
had  hisattention outside. i
should tbpgegtplained that the car in which he was
 vergrlirnperiectly lighted; also that the de~
for spans of his own, had been rather closely

 
 
 

andstopography of the country '

Passenger On the Night Local;

OR,

  NICK CARTER’S ; PERFECT DISGUISE.

xx ‘ Edited by CI-IICKERING CARTER.

 

around him since mid-afternoon; and, also, that it was hi.)
present intention to leave the train at the station’ next be-
yond this one. The reasons for all this will presently
appear.

But his interest in the surrounding country had not
subsided with the setting of the sun, and he had shaded
his eyes with his hands and continued to peer through the
windows upon the moonlighted landscape, even after the
smoky lamps in the car were lighted.

The station where the train stopped for water was
called Caliper; and the one next beyond, where it was the
detective's intention to alight, was called Whackup.

The moving ﬁgures to which Nick's attention had been
attracted consisted of ﬁve horsemen, who had appeared
suddenly upon the crest of a ridge, ﬁve minutes before the
cars came to a stop. V

He had happened to have his eyes ﬁxed directly ‘upon
the spot where they appeared at the precise instant when
they rode into view. Something about the action of
these ﬁve horsementappeared suspicious in Nick's eyes,
so that he found himself muttering:

\

  

   
   
  
     
    
 
   
    
    
    
    
 
 
   
  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

» “If I did not know that this is just a. local that never minutes more before the train will move on-. Do you
 carried an express package, I should say that those\fel- mind telling me exactly what you saw out there?” *
._1o’wsVwere rncditating a hold-up; but as it is. perhaps they “Not at all,’’ replied Nick; and heidescribed exactly
 planning Van ambuscade-” 7 what he had seen. .
f f‘What is it for I wonder? Plainly it is intended for “This is rather a lonely station, isn’t it fr” he asked.
5 sbhiebodyl who is aboard this train and who expects to “Yes. There is rarely a soul here at all.” .
Vggive it at thgs Staﬁong"  - “And I expect, if you should leave the train now, that
I}-VHe~withdrew his eyes from the window and gazed with You W0“1d be utterly 310?‘? the moment the Cars Pilued
1If¥0f€. interest than. he had heretofore shown upon his °“t‘3 ‘Pb ?” -
“ Vpassghgefs. , “Yes; although——-—-” .
Nick ﬁnished cmmﬁng them just as the train came to ‘V “Oh, I expect I could guess ‘what you are going to say.
 and he noticed that of the fourteen he c unted, in I All the same, ﬁve against one is rather long odds, even if
 to himself, not one Seemed to be inter tedtin the that one isn’t exactly afraid.” Do you happen to have a
 of the cars; that is, there did not appear to be horse out there’ Somewhere? _
 them who intended to alight. “ ‘Somewhere: about expresses it, sir. I’ve got a horse,
just ‘S Nick had made up his mind that the men he and he won’t be very far away from here now; all the ‘ V
 icenp acréss. the ugﬁﬁmshﬁovered country were same, it might take me all of half an hour to find him./ 
" gvyfor, somebody from one of the other carS___there He would come to me the instant he heardine whistle-—-V -
My “,0 nth“; beside the V 5m°kﬂ._a young ‘man who but he might not be near enough to hearwit at once. I
 the [ﬁfth sgat in from gf him 1-oseslowiy to big V “Now, if you happened to have two horses, stranger,” 
_f3_gf¢tchediVhin;5¢1f and yawued‘, and then with an said Nick meditatively. He stopped, then, and asked: ‘ _ A2
  inhis eyes which gave the lie to his denionstrae “H°W fa.’ is it from hele *0 Whack“? 3'” . ,‘ 
sleepiness, stepped quickly toward the door near “Thirty miles, as the crow ﬂies. Are you thinking of 
 was seated. V ’ ‘ leaving the train there?” ' "—*
‘W  secondswhich elapsed before the stranger “Yes; but I could get off with you here just as well, 
 where Nickwasi seated, the .detective bad if I could buy or borrow a horse in this neighborhood.  
V  hewas.-a young  "of striking appear~ -Nowf-——” ' 
  3"‘.‘51'0nEn l‘3“d5‘l’m“‘-' £359? 3*l3.k?tiQ ﬁﬂtlfﬁ. ﬁnd But there was no time to ﬁnish what the detective was 
' I Sﬁifrfeﬁaﬂf manner. wliiehis rare even, 511 that about to say, for at that moment the engineer pulled the.
n53“'Ni¢ki WhQ 55 31W3Y5V_;35 quick i!‘ h5S.C0U¢111' I whistle to denote that he was prepared to move on, and
l_  €h3T3.‘1§*°¥’,9f 171°“ 33 5'3 55331 °th°l’l things» we young stranger, whostill stood in the aisle beside Niel; ‘
' _ " . rte:-’s seat, touched his Stetson hat and said: V V I
~.°W1}'s Wheﬁithc other “There is the signal, I must leave you. Good-by, and
_ V’  5011.11 C370 t0 appear much obliged,” ‘ 7‘;
‘h“‘::‘df?9’,_“°.* ""l"."°‘i-"“ 33°? bl“ A -“Why not go to Whackup ?” asked Nick. half-rising?
I ‘ » from his seat. ' , v ~ 2 e 4 
 ,.  - .. ‘ ‘But -thei_you_ng man, only smiled back at him as 
 39°“. ‘hastened«_.toVtlie door ‘and, passed out upon‘ the"platiorm,
w1iere,Nick’sawV.him swing himself to the ground  .- 
V V V that same. careless grace which was his most attract: 
I  ’ characteristic. V g ‘  i ’ "
Ins‘taiit1y,NickiCarter's resolution wastaken. e eV V‘
' ' ‘He seized the grip that rested on  
» and hastened tothc dooi’ :_~ and in another  He also
‘had «swuiig, 'oﬂ'« ’the“train.}twai’tyV me  _ V
2, where thehandsome young.iitrIIVns§W,'.   
3 :, It happened that the,twovv}vefe,N_9§¢l3, -in thepnhddsﬁr,

 

 
  
       
     
     
   
  

  

  
    
    
 
  

     
 
  
  
 
    
 
   
 
    

     

  

   
 
  
  
  
   
 
  

vmuzzle" elevated so that if the trigger were pulled it
giwould send a bullet directly through the detective’s heart.

.._ I “I_ don’t know you at all, sir,” the young man said,
.  . ,“and I will admit quite frankly that I believe you’to be
 all right; but before we lock arms in friendship, con-
 — sidering all that you have said to me, I think it as well
i; ' that we should understand each other.”

 “Quite right,” replied the detective. “I don’t know
: ,you, either. However, as I intended to leave the train at
 ’_l:he next station, and as my ultimate destination is located
T, 7 Somewhere between this station and that one-and, as
 you strike me as being too ﬁne a young man to get him-
" self unnecessarily riddled with bullets, I just thought I'd
 istepoff and keep you company. Five to two is a little
" a better prowsition for the weak side than ﬁve to one.”
‘ ‘“All the same, sir, that doesn’t tell me who youpare.”
, _ “No. I realize that; and if I should tell you, you prob-
C. ably wouldn’t know any better who I am than you do now.
  Do you think that by any chance thatwhistle of yours
'‘ -.7'éould be persuaded to bring two horses instead of one?”
' “I must insist, sir—'*——” —
 Nick Carter interrupted his companion. _,
"‘Pssst!” he hissed. “Your friends are on the move.
ake my advice andidraw a little deeper into this shadow.
We ca: settle; this introduction business later on.”

_ .1 Across the moonlit plain toward the rocks they could
3 now see the ﬁgures of four men‘plainly outlined against
‘_ sky. It was evident that they were in doubt whether
l their expected quarry had left the train or not, but also
that they were determined upon ﬁnding out.

The two who were waiting in the shadow of the
link heard a shrill whistle from one of them, and it was
 presently followed by the appearance of the ﬁfth _man,
 them, with the horses; and Nick turned to his com-
 and remarked coolly: H

“Those fellows don’t know that there are two men here,
‘ﬁt!’ they are not certain/that there is even one. I sup~
stranger, thatyou have‘a reasonably good idea as
3 who they are; eh?” 2 '
5,.  The   that is puzzling me at just this
’ _ is, w __ you are,” was the cool reply.
at them now,” said the detective, without notic-
 “They have made a very shrewd guess
you are hiding in the shadow of this tank and they
 to surround it. Two are riding off to the left,
. ' Vto.1he‘right. It looks to me as if there might be
 around here presently,” ’ v

as gs  speaking the sharpcrack of a re~

«v

    
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
  
   
  
   
   
   
    
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  

‘ 3 ‘Xx,-g 9, : .1‘!

 ins owe

 

   

‘ tell much about it in this-—” , ’

  plain, ‘and a bullet plunged into I
tank exactly,  them. Where r

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. I 3.

CHAPTER II.

T\V0 HEROES KNOVV EACH OTHER.

Neither. Nick Carter nor his companion moved from
their positions by so much as the width of a hair when the
bullet sped between them, and embedded itself in the
framework of the tank, and neither made any remark
about the incident, for it was ‘evident to both that the
shot had been sent in merely as a feeler, to discover by
that means, if possible, if any one were lurking in the
shadow. It was merely an incident that the bullet had
come so close to them.

And now the four men were riding toward the posi~
tions they had evidently elected to take in order that they
might surround the tank, for presently one halted and
then another, until they were grouped like the ﬁve points
of a star, entirely surrounding the object of their sus-
picions.

“It would be dead easy for us to pick them off,” said
Nick, after a moment. “Too easy, in fact. I don’t like

to shoot a man like that.”

“Nor I,” replied the stranger. “If Loco doesn’t come
too close, we might as well let him go.” .

“Who?” demanded Nick, turning suddenly so that he
half-faced his companion. ,

,“Loco Juan‘. Crazy John, if you want the translation
of the name. He is a Mexican outlaw who———”

“Yes. I have heard about him,” said Nick quietly.

“Oh! You have, eh?”

“Yes. I don’t suppose, partner, that you could tell me
which one of that bunch Loco happens to he, could
you ?”

“Hardly——in this light.” ‘ '

“They all look rather alike at this distance, don’t they?”

“Yes. Only, if I were to make a guess about it, I
should say-—-” '

“Well?” ‘

“I should say that \_Loco is the one who remained
directly in front of us across the track when the others
moved away in either direction.” Y

“I t 'nk I will chance it that you are correct,” said the

detective slowly, and for the ﬁrst time drawing a revol- '

_ver into view. “I am interested in.getting a little nearer
view of Loco Juan.” '

“Do you mean that you are going to take a shot at
him?”

“Yes. That looks like a good horse, although one can't,

“Look out !”

Five shots from ﬁve diﬁerent directions plunged into ‘

the frame of the  over their heads.

“They are bound to riddle this darkness with their bul-
lets, said Nick carelessly. “If they keep up that sort of
thing, they are bound to hit us before long. Just move

away about six feet, will you, and lie flat on the ground? .

\ .

  
 
  
 
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
   
    
  

. I‘ think that after that it would he a good idea to crawl
» out away from the tank to the extremity of the shadow.”
. He stepped in the opposite direction himself, and then
as he dropped to the ground, following the advice he had
-given to his companion, he threw up his ‘right hand and
fired the weapon he had drawn a moment before.
* . Itpwas a long shot and the light was extremely imper~
-I’_fect;‘ but, nevertheless, the man who was seated like an
fhquestrian statue directly to the south of the tank put
 his hand "suddenly and managed to catch his hat which
hadgbeexrlifted from his head as if a gust of wind had
?I>10wn it away in passing. ' -
wlnstaiatly there was a scurrying out of range by the
hole ﬁve horsemen,_for they wheeled their horses and
“away frotnthe tank with all speed, still, however,
{holding their relative positions in regard to it; but not
ibefore each ‘one of them had sent an answering shot
the tank. I e ,
‘That was a clever catch‘ that your friend Loco made,”
d:N_ick,%with a chuckle. ' ' I
‘It iwasga cleverer shot on your part,” was the reply.
A  inches fewer and Loco Juan's light would have
3fone,out~—and isoutheastémi Montana would have been
 off about the Islickest desperadojthat the Western
  known for some years.”
 “"*replied"‘Nick carelessly. “That was my only

 .si+‘m.t mi»         p
 might shoot a_ triﬂe low in this light.’f - _ _
.- .'you mean to tell me that you did not mean to kill

 

you iﬁred?".

',‘Ycs-pi , , _
hits! befdreghetptums up his toes. He is the man 1*

  
   

 are  gs onI”withI that subject. I .1
if,yd3;raf¢’trying.lto convince me that you
-:10‘   .Ioﬁ'4fhisI head ‘without I hum

  
    
      
     
    
       
 

     if  ‘shadow where
z  had been  l“_,.Ia_¥II¢?,I|:53II!.I'.-'.a’ he tnew it“

7

 
 

 s*'?¥°tI¢=s¢*!7} added
as attest   I I

 

l.

      

  
  
 
    

HI  I  Ivre-ckon.”

 ~ I“I“IIsee,.” ,. I TI.
.Ijhave a distinct interest in holding an interview a '

1 tion; as he again threw himself on the ground beside his —I I’-
.companion.' "I don’t think that I hurt that fellow much
’ If the bullet went true. he got it in the arm.’'‘

*3’. "“I*.i°“° I"? l‘i'*‘i'9"?;"‘.“9l IV“ “."°“- ' . even in the dark, with that gun of yours, sir,” said strong

y"I'iK1II’.Ie“I$'lI1I>ll'{ t S.<:>utIlI§l¢fMr.—  He._tvI."l:t'e 

‘I . ‘ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

“No. I suppose not. You are not as much in the
habit of sizing up strangers as I am. In your country
you don’t come in contact with strangers quite as much as
I do in mine. And, again, I suppose‘ you know the face
of every man who lives within a hundred_ miles of your
South Dakota ranch, do you not?”

“-I suppose I do.” I ‘

“I wasn’t aware that you had any vested interests in
Montana,” continued Nick. “Have you taken up a new :
venture out here, Mr. Strong?”

“Why, yes. I suppose when you get to it you will tell
me who you are, so I won’t stop to question you on that
point just now. I have another ranch here. A ﬁne one,
too.” '

“Good. I foresee that you and I will become very
much better acquainted. Is your ranch near here?”

“Yes. Twenty miles or a little more, to the north;
west.’’ 1

“What do you call the place? What is your brand out
here?” . .

“Double-O." A , 
“Eh? Double-O? Two O’s, side by side with a hy-
phen between them? Isn’t it sometimes called‘ O-baryO ?"

“Yes,” laughed=Strong. “If you should hear some of 
the boys pronounce it you would suppose that it was one 

111

word andwas spelled ‘obero. , _
“ItfIsesms, then,” said the detective, “that it was your’

 that I was headed for all the time, only I didn't I

know that it belonged to you.” J ‘ '~
"The ranch has only just come into my possession!"

 

   
  
    
     
   

Nicktook two or, three quick steps to‘ one side as he“
spoke. and fired his revolver a second time; and this time -.
there was a bowl of rage from out on the plain, and afj
volley of pistol-shots was returned from the waiting men I
who hastily ‘withdrew to a safer distance. I I

“They were creeping up on us," said Nick in explanaé

"You speakIas if you could drive anail at any distance. I

not without admiration in his voice. a . . L 
 “Well, I suppose I can——-almost. It in not skill. 
ever, it isatalentf’ ' 7 " I 17 I

.- "Oh. .Iat;'t theta distiInIct'ianI without 'aI1 difference. I y 1
"Poatihly..« Those fellowstwill-skeep at ante: , ’ , J

"I'hey swan wait‘?-.ut;tii._&igy1igittin¢§y,'*upti;d. i I I

    

    
 
   
   
    
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
     
   
  
  
 
    
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
    
    

',_Southem expressions. I wish you would tell me some-
‘I  about this fellow Loco Juan, Mr. Strong.”
“I amafraid I can’t. _The fact is, I don’t know much
about him.”
“Isn't that true of. almost everybody around here?”
‘rasked Nick. .
' “Yes: He is a sort of mystery. I suppose, however,
,  I ought to be rather grateful to him on one account.”
" “Indeed? ’Why is that?”
g “I never would have owned Double-O if it were not
=  Loco.” '
’ Y I ‘Again, -why is that?”
‘It is said of him that he has made the country around
 ere too hot to hold any respectable chap. He killed the

last owner of Double~O, in fact. I bought the place from
the heirs. He rustles cattle, steals horses, holds up any-
I "*.l1ody he chooses and otherwise has made himself a blister
‘upon this region, and his name a terror to all law-abiding
:77‘Yes,” said Nick. “That is the substance of what I
have heard about him. But who is he?” . ‘
‘I will tell you what I have heard in reply to that same
‘ estion. It isn’t much, but it covers all that is really
 about the man.” . ~ » ’ ' -
~ 1 “I would like to hear it, Mr. Strong."

 

 that was known of him was that he had p t up a lot
 of stone close to the eastern sl of‘Big
' butte, and that he laid claim to all the land for

backs upagainst the rock side of the huge butte,
piralmost a mountain. It is ﬂanked on either side
, lesser buildings, and—-well, the place looks as
bdbeen several years in building, and yet nobody
I Saw itior heard of it until it was ﬁnished and occu-
I ~ .-‘  . ./i " ' . ' *

amh¢— man  he is a tin, athletic, hand-
"i£ellovi,'about  yearsold; a daredevil inevery-
   crazy, it  said;
 a  a" cattle-rustlelr,‘ a road~
.. ,, intact; ‘e’yerything1that is bad.” ‘

  iven_oQ;lea,,his,heaa... 1 .

T I   mibeea any

)

 interrupted  ,

‘Loco appeared in this region about a year ago, The

A =. all his under an old grant that he has obtained some;
abaht ‘ Sehuﬁful‘ where, and that no living man but himself should ever‘
asked, but he ggﬁag farther than‘<tha't ml

A I _- “Look here, Ted, didn’t you say something about your ‘

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. A 5

supposedly his wife,,who is amazingly beautiful. She
queens it over. the estate, and holds court like-a veritable
princess. Of course, I don’t take any stock in all that
sort of talk.”

“You may,” replied Nick, quietly. “There is such a
woman there; but whether she remains there willingly or
not, I do not know. That is what I am here to ﬁnd out.” '

“Is it, indeed? Well, sir, before we go any farther on
that subject, or any other, in fact, will you do me the
kindness to tell me who you are P”

“Certainly.” Nick got upon his feet and bowed, laugh-
ing as he did so.

“Mr. Ted Strong, King of the Wild West,” he said,
still laughing, “in the absence of a third party to perform
the ceremony for us, I will introduce myself. I am Nick
Carter, very much at your 'service, and very glad indeed
to make your acquaintance.”

 

CHAPTER III.

one AGAINST FIVE.

\

“I had already guessed it,” said Ted Strong, clasping
ick by the hand, after which they each quietly resumed
their positions on the ground, in the shadow of the tank.

i“I don’t know why I did not get wise at once—-the instant

I saw you; but I didn't. I can understand now why you
decided to get off the train with me; and I can also under-
stand about that shooting of yours.” _
“There is one thing about our present position,” said
Nick, “that I do not in the least understand.‘ Possibly
you can explain it to me, Mr. ”
“Look here. We don't mister anybody out here. I'm
going to call you Nick, whether you like it or,not, and if
you happen to want 5'ny favors from me such as the reply
to a question, you’ll get it by saying Ted. Now, what
it_ is that you don’t understand?" _ ii,
“Why that outﬁt yonder was waiting for you —and how _f ’
it happened that they knew you were on that particular . 
train.”_ V [ii
“I can explain the first part of your question.” 
‘-‘Well P” '
, “After Maxwell was killed-—he was the former owner 7:3?
of Double-O-Loco swore, so it is said, that the land was * ‘

    
       
     
      

stay there and run it. He tried to oust Maxwell, and
failing that, kilie_d him; heshas tried to oust me, and ‘fail-‘
ingin that, he now wishes to ldll me, too.” ~

“I see.” . . \  -

“As for how helIappened— to know that I was on that
p'artiéa!,ari.tm'n--1 give it up.” ‘, - ‘*7’

       
 
    

   
  

having a‘ horse somewhere around herqwaiting for ydu ?”  I
.~.s.re‘a."rr».   2 I. » . .   

,.

 

  

V‘r"<“.i" I r;;.'_‘« ‘x. r_ »- » ::~ - g‘ l ~ ,, ‘ g '.  "'“

  
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
 
   
    
  
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
   
 
     
     
    
   
       

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ‘ d

“How is that? Where is the horse, and how do you and if we shoot close enough they will begin to think it

imiow that one is waiting for you?” isn't healthy around here.” ‘
"  ;“I left him here three‘ days ago.” - “Go ahead,” said Ted. ‘
s:.,.g . “Oh! Just wandering around as he .pleased, waiting “We might keep on shooting until they are rather well

for you, eh?” convinced,” continued the detective, “only change from
“Yes.” _ ' one position to the other each time you ﬁre.”

7‘- ‘ “Thee it is me"? than likel)’ that We Out Of that Outﬁt A moment later spurts of ﬁre darted from each side of
We thefeihas 1'°Ped him” Said the deteetiw-‘S but Ted the tank one after another, and the outlaws, who were
 °“lY ﬁmlled 35 he !'eP“ed3 waiting out on the plain for the appearance of their vic-
“They couldn't do it. Imp wouldn’t let anybody get tims, returned the ﬁre with interest.

 e“°“8h *0 him *0 d0 that I 0W" 1W0 h0|'5€S that It was apparent that no harm was done on either side,
‘Te£31m°5t h“m3“ in the" inteuigeneea Nick," he 3-dd€d- but after the fusillade was over the ﬁve men withdrew
 is 3 big. black fC110W that I C811 Sultall; he stays entirely out of range, and therr'bunching together evi-
‘I. M0051 Vane}? 3“ the Wh“e- This ‘me is 3 b1°°d ha)“ dently held a consultation, the" result of which was that
H'tt_uame is Emperor, but I shortencd that t9 Emp. and after a short wait they rode away toward the northeast,
 it became Imp--which seems the most appropriate and presengy disappeared from View »

 '§u~ He is iwaitmg 3'0‘-md here 5°mewhe"e: f0" my “That seemed to surprise them,” said the detective.
33331:." ‘ ' " - “Yes,” replied Ted; “but all the same they haven’t

_ ,‘.,‘,P,crhaps,” said Nick, “if that bunch couldn't rope gone very far.” ’
 the)’ might 51100‘ him!” g “No; I suppos not."- ’ ‘
 couldn’t do that, either. Irhp .knows enough to “They will wait around somewhere till morning; then
keepaontoi range.” I I they will try to ambush us between here and the ranch.”
“Where, is your saddle and bridle, Ted?" ' ' 1 “But, Ted, this gives you a chance to call your horse.”

"insides cedar chest that I have got buried in the  “What good [would the horse do us now? He would i
 'i A  yonder in the sagebrush. I buried_it there only  in ‘danger of getting wounded if he were here." '
 You see, now that I have two ranches, “You can ride him without a saddle, can't you, Ted ?” 
 bout a hundred and twenty miles apart, I will want ‘_‘Si‘1re; or ‘a bridle either. But what difference does 
frosn  to the other, irequentlyt This spur oi the that inake P” -
_ .,- l I, - 3‘ Mi55°‘“'i.Ri‘’e'' [mad ‘that they bumffwn , “Only that there is nothing to prevent you from light:
93!! baxﬁgfof the Powder River last year brings me ‘thin iing out of here, as soon as Imp puts in an appearmpefs
w53"”ty'ﬁv° milks °f D°“ble’O’ and that r°"dé«’s it V “You don't suppose for a minute, do vou, that I am I
V  1” 3° f’°l'" 9”’ p‘3°°_t° the ‘.’th°" I We gfoing to ride oﬁ’ and leave you here, unhorsed P” i
  59 that f mm’ mm hose hem’ andﬂhe “No I know on wou1dn’t if ther s d t I
for_me’ until I, return. V He knows where to me in (‘icing so ,, y ° W3 3"” I “get °
wants to'cat." I - an . ‘ - ’
 .g   for, a few monknts after’ that’ and “What do you-rnean? Do you suppose that I'm
‘ dmcﬁvé midi: ’  _ . ‘V g .' 1 to lesaiye yclaju here alone to stand oﬁ that bunch out there?”
 um semlawwshen am.  ..... 1,. an    
 '""'"'g °°  °f  i§“°~" °"t . A “Look hm, Ted, I haven't the slightest notion of 
'  '  _. . _; f g ,. ' ing twenty-ﬁve or thirty miles to Double-O _Ranch;
V " .   , ~. '  A g Q "neither have Ia notion of compelling Imp to_carry double;
W‘/4-”,ab;‘¢" Nick/xi I.;9w,, doiyymp 5'40 any It is uncomfortable for the animal and the men as well.”
 ‘ 'yg  ‘made, the’ _’_' H Agfghg  “Well? I don't understand yet what you are driving
. »heire9ﬁcd; Then herald: v  . I,  at-” ' . - ' » ,
tiutgur'_w'eapons will carry toiwhcrexthey are,‘  “\I’m driving at your horse. I want you to  ~
 times; guepf   hgplpggw  mount him, saddle or no saddle. and mosey outlfof
7  5 '5 . ~ " -' V jhcretfortheranch. Whenyou getti1ere,scndbacltadini:

V; .

 

    
 
   
   

  

   
     
 
  
      
     

 
    
    
    

me

P.-

  

»  . ,_ ,._ » -.oif;your men with an extra horseijor me, and I’llbe

' I .side;s'o£tlIetanl:. rsaehome with them’ ’ V

I ‘: " " g  around  “Yes; .i£,those duﬁers out there haven't  

let a ~f“Oh: they won-’t hurt me any, Ted!’    I
 ‘~“._You. will 13¢. tmibzyxexpomi. , ,: hm,‘ ' s

 ‘  is    
,5.»

  

  

    
 
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
    
    
   
    
   
  
  
   
   
  
    
 
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
 

 “I don’t want a horse—until your men get back with

‘one. I've got something that is just as good.”

“Eh? What is it?”

“A water-tank.”V

“I don’t in the least know what you mean.”

“Ted, I have got two big Smith & ‘Wesson’s, and two

smaller guns up my sleeves. That makes twenty shot’s
g V that are allready. Right there is a ladder—.see it?” He

%s%‘.;.;pointed toward the ladder which led to the top of the

\

magi.» .

“Yes.’T

A ‘When you have called your horse and ridden away on
hirn, I will shin up that ladder to the top. Maybe you
haven’t noticed the fact, but the tank proper is braced
 two heavy timbers that run all the way around it,
‘ind there is plenty of room for me to lie behind those
 out bf sight. A bullet cannot pierce them~but
aifone of those chaps should take it into his head to ven~
tore too close to the tank ‘a bullet can travel out over the
ﬁmbers mighty quick. See?” p 1

pg ,“Yes,”_ said Ted. “All the’ same————~” _

’ "Allgthei same, Ted, I’d take it as a special favor if you
would consent to do what I say, so that I can have a
‘t. to the ranch. I've got this grip to bother. with,
g  know, and"--—”

" “Oh, if you put it that way-—-—”

“I do.” _ . ’ ‘ g ,
Without another word Ted stepped out into the moon-
_ t, and placing his ﬁngers to his lips, he uttered "a
g ,, ‘ whistle that washalf a tune and was almost impos-

nrusic; and this he repeated three times and then
" ‘ ed to the detective’s side.
That will fetch him," he said; and sure enough,
” ‘ely a moment had elapsed before they could hear
' and of galloping hoois, which presently ceased and
ollowed by a shrill neigh. ' A . "
 Ted whistled igasn, but with.an entirely dif~
eat cadence,iand~one that was even more diﬁicult of
counterfeited; and -immediately after that the
.  ‘came dashing toward them without fear that [he
 a possible foe.
ve trained that way,” said the young ranch-
 . the horsefs neck and rubbed, his cheek
T -  soft tnuzzle- “He will not replyyto me if I
' y:o.acer»oe  butwhen I repeat’ itvthree
lomesa little way towardme and calls for that
iiénal,-as you hearjdliirn do it just now. When he ‘
r t..hei»1mewse.ctnt'¢vesy¢hing is all right. An the
   leave you hete.:’ -

: ..

    
   

Iii

 iextbws will.  me

  

 *sa£e.asTa church. You. oughtto, - p.»
T“ ‘ '  “ ~ »othersweregroupedaroundthefootofjtwatchinghisx

s  some of them i-would have din

NEW‘ NICK CARTER \\"EEl~lLY. 7

' Without another word he seized his satchel and ran
rapidly up the ladder toward the top of the tank; and
Ted leaped upon Imp’s back and sped away through the
moonlight, toward his ranch, twenty—ﬁve miles away.

And Nick, having gained the perch at the top, made
himself comfortable, and with the satchel under his head
for a pillow, resolved to get a little rest and sleep; for,
to tell the truth, he had not the most remote idea that the
outlaws would return at all. - -

He argued that even if they should approach the tank
in the darkness, they would not attempt to come too near,
for they had already received a proof of the marksman-
ship of the men who had concealed themselves there, and
Loco must by this time be satisﬁed that there was at least
more than one. ' ‘

“Anyhow,” he thought to himself, as he stretched out
at full length behind the barricade, “the whole thing
swayed when I climbed the ladder, and nobody could
creep up it without waking me.”

In this belief he was soon fast asleep. A

But out across the moonlight those signaling whistles
had been heard. Eyes had seen and.noted the departure
of the horse with its single rider, and the crafty Mexican
had already decided in his own mind that there had been
at least one man left behind at the tank. A

And so ‘it happened that within an hour after Tedls
departure, the ﬁve outlaws rode into view again, from ﬁve
different directions, and had Nick Carter been on the
watch instead of soundly sleeping, he must have seen
them. ‘ s _ .

As it was, he slept on undisturbed while they stealthily
approached. -

CHAPTER IV.
rm: oU'rLAws’ r-‘nznpxsn rrucx.

The ﬁrst intimation that the detective had that his
stronghold was about to be invaded came when hewas
awakened suddenly to a consciousness that the structure
was trembling under some force which was not the wind,
since there was no wind to speak of- ‘

He remained quite still for a moment, listening, and
then cautiously he raised himself to his elbow, partly
turned over, and, exercising great care, peered over the
timbers into the realm below him.

At first he could see nothing, for the moon was shinirfg , A 1

brightly where he was, while below him everything was
in shadow; but after a moment he discerned ﬁrst one

ﬁgure and then ‘another until he counted ﬁve,‘ and he « 

knew that the entire outﬁt of attack was there.
One of them was already half-way up the ladder; the

ascent. . .
RI-lad’ their eyes been ﬁxed less intently upon their 

     
 

  
 
 
    
   
  
   
    
 
   
    
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
    
  
 
  

"covered the detective as he peered over the timbered pro~
tection ; butas it was he escaped unnoticed; and he drew
his head quickly back again lest his luck should not con«
-tinue, . s '

‘ ..-"His own position was exactly at the top of the ladder,
land as he drew back again he thought rapidly about what
ifwas best for him to do under the circumstances.

He. knew that it would be impossible for them to dis-
lodge him from his perch with bullets, for they would not
pierce the heavy timbers that protected him, and he
would easily shoot any person who would dare to attempt
 ascent as this fellow was doing now. '

And then a startling thought occurred to him. ,

"By Jove!” he muttered to himself. “I hadn't’thought
poi  There are only four trains a day over thisspur
 the railroadw-two ‘in each direction. There will not
in  train along here until long after daylight, and
 is nothing in the world to hinder those fellows from
littming this thing down.- They could roast me‘ out of
hero inlno time if they should get the idea and cared to
.‘ ‘itfinto execution.” . .
33¢. not thought of that possibilitywhen he insisted
Ted’: leaving him to ride to the ranch; but now it
etc him as a menace which should not be lightly put

 he smiled broadly. I /

I  tltiere isa way to prevent. even that," he told

‘  and he prepared tdput into execution the
had so suddenly occurred to him. i

 a M vhishandswhile he slept, he now pushed to one
§"  he  his body ‘over and drew his knees
‘in, crouching  so as to remain out of sight—-

tiis  the man on thclladder was stealthily but
ssroaching. and Nicki had notbeen in no position
  than a f“ll.m_lnute,h’e£ore. he realized-'
 in another instant the  would make

camethe inshnt when the head: and shoulders
. were suddenly thrust almost, into Nick Car~
, f Tvendiit was at that selfsame insltantlthat the dc»-
  aad gripped with the tightness of

  

rv .

the am

_  and so

certainly’ and with such

  

  

V  drawnfin-

 

fwothigi. revolvers, which}. had been within easy.

um  orrbpgortunity tor the

 then‘  his
‘  appearance of their companion. I
_ ~ 9 ‘ ‘They ﬁred at the tower but-the once, 


NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

top of his head, so that he stiffened out instantly and
offered no further resistance.

It all happened while you could have counted ﬁve ~—and
then all was still again.

Of course the men below on the ground had heard the
struggles of their companion; but they had heard no other
sound than that; and immediately following upon the

" strange occurrence the same silence that had reigned
before obtained.

It was all very mysterious——at least so they seemed to
think; and while the detective rapidly bound and gagged

- his captive so that it would be impossible for him tomake
any effort to escape, he smiled to himself pleasantly‘.

“That will give them something to think about for a
moment or two,” he thought. .

It was evident that they could not at all understand
why their companion had failed to cry out and give the
alarm if he had been attacked; why he had not released
his hold upon the ladder and fallen back among them in
time to save himself; or if he had been stabbed, why there
was no dripping‘ blood to tell the tale. _

A After a little a cautious call came up to Nick's ears
T from below.

“Manuel! Manuel l” was the call, half-whispered, half-

spoken; but of course there was no reply. i

The detective might easily have leaned over the timbers 3

now, and have shot one by one, before they could get out
of range, all four of the remaining outlaws-—but he did
not wish to do that. _ A / '
l in the first place, his mission in that part of the country
made it necessary that he should captureyLoc5 Juan alive

if that’ were possible, and in the second, .-he had no joy in 
that sort of wholesale slaughter so long as it was not‘

necessary to commit" it. - y g_ i
, His own life was in no immediate danger.

- The outlaws could not reach him now, and after what 3:
i had just occurred he had little or no fear that they would i}
‘resort to fire as an expedient for driving him out, since if 7
they did so, one of their own companions was up there, 

they 3%

burn-ror to be left there to burn even if the man
soughtshould dare to make his appearance. '

, But now, when the outlaws received no résponseg 

their calls, they were suddenly convinced that their comv
panion had been killed or captured, for in an instanttheyi.

leaped back away from the tank, and as they did so each‘
one of them sent a bullet into the woodwork around 

I spotwhere Nick Carter was lying.
But Nick kept silent. '

l ing the silence would only deepen the mystery of 

response, tlteyyhalted together in a 
7 item the server’ and appraredi‘ to  

      
      
 
 

He made no response whatever’ to their assault, 

      
   

    
 
   
   
  
   
   
  
    
   
    
   
   
   
     
  
   
 
    
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
    
  
  
 
  
   

but he had no more desire to do so than before; and still
he waited. .
=._.N_or did he permit his own head to be seen above the
ﬂ-timbers that protected him. The moon shone brightly
across the top of the tower, and he would instantly have
ibeen discovered had he done so.
, J Just one quick peek he gave, to see what they did after
 their revolvers, and then be stretched out again
p‘rone'upon the planking; for he knew that they could not
attempt an ascent of the ladder without apprising him of
the fact by the trembling of the timbers. ’
_ Once he began to think that they had withdrawn alto-
“ ‘ gether, and he was about to raise his head once more to
take a look at them when he heard whispering voices be-
‘ - low and he knew that they had again approached the foot
  of the ladder.
5   He did not look to "see what they were doing.
Had he done so he would have discovered how little
they considered the safety of the man he had captured;
for if the truth be told, they had brought to the footof the
iower, armful after armful of dried sage-brush, and were
Piling it against the bottom of the ladder.
"They worked so silently that the detective had no sus-
piciou of what they were doing, and helhad already de—
V Cided that they would not roast their own friend; so he\
did not consider the probability hf ﬁre.
But Loco Juan was not one to stand upon the sacriﬁce
one of his men when he had an object to attain‘; and he
as about to prove it.‘ » ,
The detective looked at his watch by the light of the
moon and discovered that Ted had been gone four hours;
then, just as he came to the conclusion that at least
0 more hours must elapse before he could hope for the
 of the young ranchman, he hearda crackling noise
 him, and he smelled smoke.
_ nstantly following upon that, the space around him
, ly ﬂared into 'brilliancy—-and Nick Carter knew
fK_the worst had happened. He knew that the outlaws
built a ﬁre around the base of the tower and intended
. roast him outs. ‘ ‘ .
And he knew, too, that the instant his head appeared
“wove the timbers that protected him he would get a bul-
tlitough his brain.‘ ' .
 seemed to be only one thing for him to do-—-and
! " -the timecame, be determined to do it.

ﬁreiwas lickingaround him‘; until his hiding place
I untenantable because of the heat and smoke, and
r’ to  one ﬂy’mg leap through space to thp ground,
~   him, and to“ trust to chance that he
. ’  without  bones, and that some oppor-
' A ffoi; him to make a ﬁght for his

was veryvlittle smoke. ‘ ,
 _,dry and it “ burned

-»  \‘_

  

; was.,.to wait until the last moment; to wait until 7

   

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. ' 9

brightly with little smoke; but the timbers of the water-
tower were not so well seasoned, and while this fact stood
for him in the fact that they burned less readily and, in
fact, very slowly, they made smoke.

Having started the fire, the outlaws withdrew to a com-

. paratively safe distance to watch the blaze they had cre-

ated; and once when Nick took a peep at them, protected
by the rising smoke, he could see that they stood with
their guns in their hands prepared to ﬁre at the ﬁrst ap-
pearance of a target that was worthy of their ammuni-
tion. 

“It is rather odd,” thought the detective, “that I should
have deliberately walked into a mess like this. Those fel-
lows down there haven’t the least idea who is up here.
If they knew who I am, it would not be so funny, and
they would probably be all the more determined to get me
somehow; but they do not know. N

“I have been in dangerous places a great many times,
but this is the ﬁrst time in my recollection when I have
been threatened by enemies who had no suspicion of my
identity.”

,In the meantime, the ﬁre was rapidly gaining headway;
but all the same the timbers of which the tower was con-
structed were big and square and tough, and the struc-
ture did _not burn half so readily as might have been ex-
pected.

The rolling smoke now almost concealﬂ the top of the
tower from the sight of the men below, and after Nick
had tested the expedient of looking over the barrier by
raising his hat above the timbers, he ventured to peer out
himself.

He could see them dimly thrbugh the smoke, although
they could not see him, and he was about to send a bullet
among them to drive them farther away, when, chancing

look‘at his captive, he discovered that the man’s eyes
were open, and that they were distended with horror.

Plainly the man realized the danger he was in; and
instantly Nick removed the gag from his mouth.

“Yell, ‘now! Yell for your friends who are roasting
you to death!" he said in Spanish, for the fellow was
Mexican. “Call to them and tell them to put the ﬁre out
or you will burn !” '

The fellow needed no second bidding.

“Help! Help! Help!” he called in his ‘own lan-

«guage. “Pedro! Miguel! Don Juan!”

“Hello there‘ Manuel!” dried back a voice from below.

“Save me! Save me, or I burn with ﬁre l" shouted
Manuel in reply. _ \

“Who is there with you? How many?” came the
answering shout; and before Nick could interfere, Manuel
had replied; - i 2

"There is only one, Don Juan! Save me. Kill him!
Save me!" ,

“Save yourself, you dog!” shouted back his chief. "It

serves you right for letting yourself be captured so easily. «

I

l

 

  

   
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
 
  
 
   
 
  
 
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
   

IO

We-will roast you both together!” and Loco laughed as
if he were intensely amused by the idea.

.‘.‘Curse you! Curses on you all! May you roast in
Hades!” was the despairing cry of Manuel in reply to
that. ‘ I‘ ‘

CHAPTER V.
A DOUBLE LEAP FOR LIFE.

laugh at the predicament of their late companion; and
Nick, watching him, could see the man grind his teeth

that was awful to see.
I Nick Carter decided then and there to save the life
of this man if he could. ‘
For the detective knows the Mexican nature extremely
A well; and he also knows the characteristics of the differ-
ent races of Mexico———and this man, he realized now, was
.3 Guerreran;_a man who belonged to a race of people
older than the Egyptians; a race which never forgets
nor forgives an injury and which ever remembers a
friendly service; and observing this, the detective spoke
* f ti) the fellow in his own native dialect——the Guerreran.
. f‘My friend,” he said, “your companions have aban~
doned you to a dreadful _fate.’?
. The eyes of the man brightened at once at the familiar
' sound of his own tongue, and for a moment he seemed
,, topforget the danger he was in, for he gazed in wonder‘
upon Nick Carter, and then he murmured,  in
i Guerreran: - _, I
f‘You know. my language? Eh, seﬁor ?” V
A"Yes. I have traveled among your people. You are
a; the only Guerreran here; no? If there was another down
‘there, he would not abandon you so, would he?” ‘ 5'
‘W0! \A thousand times no, senor!”
:.'Guerrerans are never cowards, Manuel.”
‘fNo, senor. I can btugn if it is necéssary, and never cry

99

 know that; but it is not necessary, Manuel.”_
 Guerreran shrﬁged his shoulders; he turned his
eyes toward the masses of smoke that were rolling about
 and the ghost of a smile played about his gswarthy
P‘  l s .
V‘ . will save you,” said Nick-. T
‘$1.8’-it possible,  asked Manuel.‘ »
 so-9-yes. If it is not possible, at least I
 you, as your friends have done.”
 seiior, untie these’bonds and set me free so that
T  you,”,was the calm reply. It was plain now
ofthemanhad retumed.. »
 to me on the cross that you will be true
37

” ' sm, Manuel!” .

   
   
 
   
  

  

I I

  

 

And now all four of the waiting outlaws joined in the

with rage, while an expression of fury came into his eyes’

 ‘by myaioulianopn the  

 

'NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

that if you save me from this fate by ﬁre, I will serve you
faithfully to the end of my life.”

Without a word more the detective cut the bonds that
held him. ’

“You are free, Manuel,” he said. “You have your own
weapons. You see how entirely ‘I trust you.”

“Si, seﬁor. I am your servant henceforth.”

He straightened his body, stretched his arms and raised
himself to a sitting posture. '

“Be careful,” said Nick.
put a bullet into you.”

The remark seemed to bring Manuel entirely to his
senses, for on the instant he pulled the two revolvers he
carried in his belt, and before Nick realized,,what he was
doing, he had begun with each hand to send bullet after
bullet whizzing toward the group of outlaws,.which could
be dimly seen through the rolling smoke that surrounded
them. '

“Your former friends will

One of the men went down without a sound; a second i

uttered a yell and spun half-way around, after which,
still yelling, he dashed away through the night as if Satan
were? after him.

i Althird uttered a curse and clapped his right hand to
his left‘ shoulder, and all—save the one who had fallen
never to rise again ~ﬂed precipitately from the glow of
the ﬁrelight into the darkness beyond it.

Nick laughed. He could not have helped doing that if
he had tried.

‘“You have put one of them out of the reckoning,

'Manuel, and you hit two others,” he announced. “Surely

I could wish for no better proof of your intention to serve
me. It is high time for us to get out of here, too.”

“The ladder?” asked Manuel, now as cool and as much

a master of himself as Nick Carter himself.

“The ladder is burning,” replied Nick. “It must be a
jump for life; nothing less.”

“S i, seﬁlor. I am ready. Dispues, usted, se-ﬁor,-” which,
being translated, means “after you, sir.”

' The heat at the top of the tower had already become
extremely uncomfortable, and so the detective did not
wait an instant longer.  _

Gathering himself together, and withouthesitation, he
leaped into the air and outward, clearing the barrier be~
hind which he had been hiding, and shot down through

:the smoke and ﬂame toward the ground that was twenty

feet below him. ‘

win‘! flt’ was a wild leap and a dangerous one, at best, for

there was little doubt that bullets would be aimed at him
in addition to the dangers of the fall itself. '

But he alighted uninjured, save for the shock of the
fall itself, and he rolled over upon the ground and leaped
to. his feet, scarcely the worse for "the adventure. _

As he did so he was conscious of a heavy fall near him,

and he realized that Manuel had lost no tingegin following, j
but also that he had moved to’ one side inlqsdenthat he \ '

  
 

      
  
  
   
 
 
   
    
  
 
   
    
  
   
 
 
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
 
  
 
 

' (might not fall upon the man whom he now regarded as
3 his savior. - .
-But Manuel did not rise after he struckthe ground.
T Instead, he rolled over on his side, and uttered one low
I groan, as if he were badly hurt.

"Run,” he said to Nick. “Get into the darkness where
they cannot see you to shoot you. I cannot rise, senor.”
 He was not the athlete that Nick Carter was and he
efhad not known so well how to take that leap. The con-
“_' ﬁequence was that his leg had broken under the impact,
‘ and he was for the moment helpless.

But Nick leaped toward him and raised: him in his
3*.~ar_ms, andthe next instant he had leaped away from the
glow of the ﬁre, into‘ the sheltering darkness beyond it;
or now the half moon had sunk so low in the west that
aﬁorded very little light.

Three bullets whizzed past him as he ran with ‘his
‘lmrden, and having secured what he believed a sufficient

-down himself beside him, sent back as many in reply,
Q’ Etmingathem toward thespot from which he believed they
5  come; and Manuel, notwithstanding the pain he was
 rolled over on his belly and sent shot after shot
A, from his own revolvers hurtling through the smoke of
H She ﬁre toward the darkness that was beyond it.

 again to a safer distance; and there, fortunately, he
came upon a deep hollow in- the ground into- which he

ﬁhdr bullets cannot hit us here,” replied Nick. “Now
yll have a look at that leg of yours. It is broken,

 think so—-yes. But do not mind it now.”
“Sure, I'll mind it. You listen and keep watch while
 Are you hurt anywhere else ?” ‘

0, seﬁor.” V
lfhesdetective-drew his knife and, slit from top to bot»
' , ‘one leg of the buckskin trousers that Manuel wore,
so hated the wounded leg.-'i Manuel all the while pro?
, that it was not necessary that he should receive
1.   should be set at once," replied Nick.
‘*9 N  it swells around the fracture so that setting
pg  Now I am going to hurt you,

> . ,, M
   across the Guerreran’s ‘features,
 even wince when Nick forced the two ends

, still and not move a muscle
" what 
.ﬁ   away toward the

\
I

 

stance, he dropped Manuel upon the ground and, lying‘

I now, and henceforth. But——i'—-’

 he said, ﬁlwant you to ‘promise me x

1 7

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. II

burning tower again; and presently he was back once
more with his satchel in his grasp.

-“I tossed it out before I jtﬁnped," he explained, as he
pulled it open and took from it a wide roll of adhesive
plaster which he never traveled without.

He had brought with him also, from the burning tower,
two splinters of wood which he had kicked loose from the

buming ladder, and now, with the huge knife that Manuel

carried in his belt, he proceeded to trim these into rude
splints for the fractured leg.

In a moment he had them in place, and then with the
adhesive plaster he bound the leg tightly round and
round;'

When that was done and the leg was ﬁxed so that the
bones could not getvout of place again, Nick laughingly
ﬁxed a strip of the plaster down the side of the leather
trousers, and thus fastened together the rent he had made
with his knife. '

“There,” he said. “You see that I am a tailor as well
as a surgeon. Now, take a swallow of this brandy and
then reload your pistols. You may need them.” A

“Seiior,” said Manuel, with more emotion than he had
shown during all the time his leg had been ministered to,
“I shall never forget your kindness.”

After a moment of silence, he asked :

“Were you ﬁred upon -when you returned to the tower,
seﬁor P”

’ “No.”

“Then Loco Juan and his men have gone away."

“He has gone away with two of his men,” replied
Nick signiﬁcantly. “They carried the other one, I think.”

“It was a narrow escape for us, seﬁor.” '

“Quite so,” replied Nick smiling. “But we are out of
it now.”

“Loco will return with more men presently,"\ said
Manuel. ’ '

. “Do you think so?” '

“I am sure of it, seﬁor. There are ten more men within

ﬁve miles‘ of here.” V

“Humph l" murmured‘Nick. ‘‘All the same, I think that'

it is possible for
returns.” '
“I will reply to all of them, seﬁor. I am your servant

3

Ted Strong to get here before Loco

“ t, Manuel?” « I
“ e is a dangerous man; a man with great power.”
“So I have heard; but I have traveled more than two

thousand miles to find him, so I do not think that I will ~

turn bac .” « E ~

“No, seﬁor; you are not one who would turn back.” ‘
-I ‘.‘There is a beautiful young woman there at his castle,
is there not, Manuel?”

“Si, seﬁor. An ahgel.”

‘ “Who, is she? What is her name?”

“Ah! " Her name ?——we call her, or rather we speak of 

  

 

 ‘I I2

  
     

’ her, Donna Carmelita. Who she is I do not know? She
is not happy.”

“To-morrow I shall ask you more about'her, Manuel.” .

“Si, seiior. I am at your service.”

“Have you been inside the house of Loco Juan? The
house that is called his castle?”

“No, senor. The men do not enter there, save the few
who serve inside the building. It is death for one of the
. outside men to attempt it.”

4 ’ “Really!” said Nick. _“Loco makes a regular baron of
_. himself; but that is not surprising, if he is the man I
. think he is.” ‘

“Hark!” said Manuel. “What is that?“ Horses. ’ They
are approaching. It is Loco returning to kill us, per-
haps. ‘Well, senor, we will not be the only ones who die.
You see now that it was not necessary that my leg should
be set; no?”

‘rm
ft‘.
“x
n



   
    
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
  

1-:—u

CHAPTER VI.
1111: RESCUE.

1 There proved to be no occasion for a ﬁght, however,
for the approaching horsemen turned out to be Ted .
‘Strong and a half-dozen of his celebrated company of
young -rough riders, who were temporarily staying at
"Double-O.”
- y, The detective pennitted them to ride into full view, in
 glow of the blazing tower, before he made any sig-v
nail to them; but then he called out: I
“Here we are, Ted, as large as life and as plain as.
day.”

A cheer went up from the seven men at once, for un«
« til that instant all of them believed that Nick Carter had
 perished in the burningtower, or had been shot to
death by the outlaws; or,'at least, had been carried off a,

* They . wheeled their liorses with exclamations of
pleasure, and in a moment pulled up beside the hollow
herein Nick and Manuel were waiting‘; and Nick rose
to greet than. . ' .

,7 . “HelloP’ exclaimed Ted. “What have you got
 is your prisoner, Nick?”

,‘,“I-leis not a prisoner; he is a recruit, Ted,” replied
A e detective; and then in'a‘ few words and very con-
 related all thathad happened while the young
iabehtnanwasawayonhis ridetothe ranch andhack

. i - ‘ . . v
'  is a Guerreran,” he said, “when he had com~
  “His ancestors have obeyed’no laws
  they made for themselves, since Atlanta was
oaathiaet  had never been heard of;»so you
not holdrit  that he has been allied
zn anfoutlaw.  the Qexacuns are
‘,  Mexican  Pl-ee,ident.Diaz respects;
 ooee,h_e»hae  to sag. : And

there?

   

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

now, Ted, I hope you brought two extra horses with
you, instead of one.” A

“Unfortunately I did not; but two of the boys can
ride double, and Manuel shall have a mount. Now,
Nick.”

“Yes ?” i

' “This big duﬁer, here, is Bud Morgan; maybe you've
heard of him ?”

“Sure,” said Nick, smiling, and extending his hand.
“I understand, Bud,” he continued, with easy familiarity
which he knew would be taken as a compliment under
the circumstances, “that you are Ted’s chief reliance;
eh?” 3

“Well, Nick,” drawled Morgan, with a broan grin of
pleasure on his expansive face, “yeh see Ted sure
couldn’t get along if it wasn’t for uh bunch of us around
him. But we’re mostly useful in corralling the school-
marms so’s they can’t rope him ;” and Bud deftly pinched
out the ﬁre of a cigarette he had been smoking, and pro-
ceeded’ to roll another in its place.

The ride to the ranch was a painful one to Manuel, but
he hore it with a stoicism that was almost phenomenal,
repllying /in an even tone whenever he was addressed,
although his English was not at all perfect. Sometimes
he appealed to Nick to interpret for him, but neverthe-
less he seemed to understand all that was said, even
though he could not always ﬁnd the words to reply.

The sun was almost three hours high when they ar-
rived at the ranch, and Nick Carter confessed that he
was both tired and hungry.

But after the inner, man had been well supplied, and
Manuel 'had been properly cared for, so that he rested
easily, Nick found that his fatigue had left him, and
with Ted on one side of him and Bud on the other, they
seated themselves on the wide veranda.

“As the crow ﬂies,” said Ted, pointing toward the
southeast,’ “Moon Valley is one hundred and twenty
miles ii: that direction. I‘ have an idea that some day I

‘will. have a string of ranches from the Black Hills all
the way to the Whitewater, in Canada; but that is very V

far in the future.”
“This is a beautiful spot, Ted,” said Nick, in reply.
‘fYes," drawled Bud; “but it ain’t a patch on the Moon.

Yeh sure laughter see the Moon, Nick: And we have )1

some sure good times down there, too.”
“I don't think I can tell you how pleased I am to have

you here,” said Ted to the detective. “I have had the —
idea more than once that I would send you a letter ask-y

ing you to make me a visit, but for some reason it has
never been written.” _ ‘ _

"And I,” replied Nick, “have‘been quite as anxious to
know you. Well, I am here now, anyway, and I don’t

suppose you will be rid of me for some time to eome.”_: 

p‘ “We*su1e hope not,” murmured Budw

 

   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
    
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
    
  
      
  

«you feel. like telling us about what brought you
here, Nick ?” asked Ted, after a pause.

“Certainly. I told you there, in the shadow of the
' -tower, that I came after Loco Juan Santillos,
dn’t I?” ‘

" “Yes; but none of the particulars.”

“Well, it is rather a long story, if I should go into
' , but I will give you the gist of it, if you’re ready
hear it." __ - '

The detective relighted his cigar, which had gone out.
., ,“Eighteen years ago,” he said, “a child who was at
In time ﬁve years old disappeared from her home--
A‘ - child was a girl~——in the city of Morelia, in Mexico.
' father of the child was an American, and the mother

many generations. _ ‘
.‘The family name of the mother was Santillos,

"And Loco Juan Santillos was the fellow who stole
. child?” interrupted Morgan.

hut up, Bud I" said Ted. “If you listen long
, you'll know.” , -’
“Loco Juan Santillos is presumably the man who stole
child, although, if that is true, he was himself but
more thana child at that‘ time. He-could not have
more than sixteen at the most, then; but inasmuch
the boy Juan. Santillos disappeared at the sametime,
has always been supposed that he did steal his baby

ow, it happens that I never heard of this case at
 a few weeks ago; but at that time the father of
- Glenn-—that is her name if she is alive——-came
ﬁler to ask me to take his case.
"eﬂy,”he has spent all_the years of his life since the
O —u of his da liter. in the eifortto ﬁnd some
h.ér,l,for'he has never believed that she was dead,
,' every one ofhis friends has insisted that she
 wife died soon after the disappearance of the
,  eighteen years Richard Glenn has done
i 2.4,.   from place to place among the moun-
 Mexico, in Guerrero, and Oaxaca prin-
 so}. J__u,a'n Santillos‘, to on him if he
‘hint,  for his daughter, to reclaim her, no matg
I  happenedto  that long space

.  Siximonths ago‘ Mr. Glenn met

,  He is now acripple. Hecan no longer
' ,  himself. But beforehe sustained the
 factgﬁlrat had always escaped

V   a ,w_ill-o'rthe-J
  in Mexico for" Y9!"-"
  of late

  

NEW NICK CARTER. WEEKLY.

I a Spanish woman whose family had lived in Mexico ‘

 

13

it was reported that he had returned to the United States
and had taken up his residence in southeastern Montana,
where he had resumed the life he loved best.”

“The life oi an outlaw,” said Ted.

“Yes; and had surrounded himself with a horde of
Mexicans, who served him faithfully and who would ﬁght
to the death for him." ,

“I reckon that's no dream, either," said Bud, sotto
voce.

“Brieﬂy, that is the story,” continued the detective.
“Incidentally, I might mention that Santillos is a very
rich man. In Guerrero he owns mines which produce
more gold than he can dispose of. Also, incidentally, the ‘
father of Carmen Glenn is a very rich man.

“His informants, before he came to me, told him that
Juan Santillos, called Loco Juan because of his utter dis-
regard for law and order, and because of the crazy things
he does, had built himselfa castle of stone near Big
Chief butte, in southeastern Montana, and that it was re-
ported that he had with him there a young woman who
was so very beautiful that all who had seen her raved
about her-—-—-”

"And that ain't no idle dream, neither,” said Bud
suddenly. “If I could have my pick uh the hull bunch.
uh beauties I've ever seen, I’d take her blindfolded; you
hear me!" - ‘

“Have you seen her?” asked Nick.

“Seen her? Of course I've seen her! Do you think
that I could hear of a roarin’ beauty like that, a-livin-’
in the irnrjejut neighborhood, and not see h€r?"

“Well,” continued Nick, “I’ll take occasion to ask you
about that later on. Bud. I’m at the end of the story
now. All that remains to tell is that I am here for three

.purposes. One is to ascertain if that young lady is Car-

men Glenn; another is to take her to her father if she is
Carmen Glenn; and the third one is to capture Loco
Juan alive and to take him in person to Richard Glenn,
no matter who this girl at the castle happens to be.”

“It strikes me that you have got quite a contract on
hand, Nick,” said Ted, smiling. ' -

“I suppose so; but I have a habit of always living up
to my contracts.” .

“So I have‘ heard.” . - ~, , .,

“And now that I have fortunately lighted upon you
and Bud Morgan, I reckon that I will not be without
assistance in my eﬁo ." . ~ 

‘an,-mi have that ‘good and plenty, Nick,” ydrawled
Bud. “We sure will rout that black devil out_ uh his

castle, as he calls it; and. we sure will take another peep’ .
at the beauty, if yeh don’t happen to have no objections, . ,

Nick. I ain’t got much in my war-bag jest -at present,

but such as the contents are, the fair Carmen can have - 

every doggpned article there is, from my old chaps to
my best suits” * ‘ ‘ . _ y

1

      
 
  

    
 

NEVV NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.

 
    
  
  
  
  
 
 
    
   
    
  
  
    
   
  
  
    
   
   
  
  
  
  
  

.3‘

v‘«‘Do you know anything about the place where Loco that day in sleeping; but when he made nis appearance

lives, Ted ?” asked Nick. for the evening meal, he was thoroughly rested".
‘ “No; not a word more than I have told you already,” It had been decided after careful consultation together _

g was the reply. . ,- that nothing should be done toward investigating the sur-

 ' “But I do," said Bud. roundings of the home of Loco Juan until the following.

“Tell us what you know, Bud,” said Ted. night, for it was apparent to all that they must be thor-

M “Well, I know that it ain’t no dream about there bein’ oughly “ﬁt” before the undertaking which had brought

a castle.down against that butte. It is more'n a mere the detective to Montana should be commenced.

vbutte. too;’it is almost a mountain.” = V ' Bud Morgan, however, had not been idle during the
"Go on, Bud." ‘ day.

3 "All the pnnchers around here__tel1s me that the castle As soon as the others retired to their rooms to make
was built in a night; that nobody seen it at all until it up for lost sleep‘, after that consultation on the veranda,
stood there, all ﬁnished, as nice as you please; but to my he went to the corral, saddled his horse, ‘and rode away -
way uh supposin’ that there ediﬁce weren’t put up in any alone toward the southeast; nor did he return until very
time less than a good many months—and it wasn't done, e late in the afternoon. ’

either. without a-plenty uh hands to do it.” But after the meal was ﬁnishedand Nick had strolled
 it»  V " outside the house to enjoy his cigar in the open, Bud

’ ‘'It'5~tW° 351155 highs $9053)“ I33 built uh Stone and sauntered lazily after him, and as soon as they were
.it"b3d‘5l nlﬂighf against 3 T°CkY facemh thﬁ butt‘? Wbﬂe out of ear-shot from the house, opened the conversation 
 hill used t0  as  somebody  cut OE 3 rather abruptly, I ‘-4
33°99 05 3 With 3 knife’ ' ~ “I've been taking a ride, Nick,” he said. “I've been 
“Mebby yeh don't know about it, but on‘ that side uh over Loco way; 1 ' ‘
31¢. blme 3363 is 3 5,559’ 5P*'i“8 that 5-hﬁds about 3 $011 “Yes?” replied the detective. “pid you see any- 
A111 waters minute, and which comes a-steamin’ down th;?’g ’ ' L

‘H

 rocks like-——well, like it was i haste, so to speak.
 ,w 1?.“ do yehigpose that mavetick has 3°“ ‘md motlntains, a hutte, some grass and sage-brush, a bunch 5
"°“°,"- , r . " . ’r two uh cattle, and a gal.”

tire 150148! at all,  You will have to tell.’ «A what -3", ‘
?‘H¢,’,I,¢lug a ditch more’n -twenty yieet wide all the way uA ga1__the ga ’_.. _  
 warm and °n hth ‘ides ofsithathh. _ﬂ°f a5_h° “Do you mean that you saw the girl whom we suppose

 _  and he has turned the water uh that b in’ spring to be Carmen Glenn _,.. H ~ lei
‘°°§3‘l5°.3‘.  3°?“ end “yhgthe b'-151dmg5- That 5 W’h3_” The detective stopped in his tracks and, wheeling‘.

_ ‘ akingeit somewhatdxfﬁcult to approach the _build~ faced B,',d_ e r _’
’ lgheis-willing‘; eh?” ‘ ‘

caps of things. I saw. the earth and sky, a 'few j 

       
      
   

 
 

“We isitlw we in P’int- ’Aad' heist sbt 3 bridge iqvifniimesabm it’: heeilaimr I the ht Id ha
 . V . . _ _ ‘e,ater ouurn inorest u ' ve
  with a  ‘add’ WW‘ is 'ba1a.“°"_dt a short peace-Balk with the greaser.y0u savfed from the
Ftftvsm ”‘°’b_““d“‘€- »5°'th“ ‘W59’? th‘ b"id8_° f3 ﬁre. .' I'm onto his lingo," you know; had uh ‘d1¢lcieut'3?‘v.
  ‘t ban!’ ‘'9 the 33"’ ‘_"d,;'}"h?”x W *5 del Toboso’ of my own, once upon a time, down in Ta? ‘
Av  it   3?°°”"'and ‘Mm 7°“,*‘_"'7‘°,' _ ” .  ._ maulipas, who ground. avfew ‘ti Qmas’ and ‘alma de ‘mi .
,   3"‘! d’3Wb'id§,¢»f‘15‘lt*1t'? ‘. I ‘ almas’ into my cabesa; and when Manuel found that I
‘bk?-'i'?3,I_ d‘°"t k"°"' ‘W? But’. ‘“yh°w' ‘ could talk Spanish, he opened up his trap in ﬁne shape.‘
1.‘! am ‘:1; sting Into that 9"“ -W" > “All right. .,Go on.”, ' «

w =. '; ~

vn’ve.s9¢ ti» 3% 
4 ,,  

    
   

  
    
   

   
    
   

    
     
  

  
   

  

l g .  1,.’ . “I told him that I wanted to rope‘, a few  T“
  3"“; ' about that gal, and also to know uh thing‘r two eoneerw "
' L . s, , . .  4 ,,  ’ ing the ranch ; or, to put it a littlemore plainly, I called
,   “””““' WM“ for five cards, and he doled ’em out to me.” ‘
’T¢¢?}.Ex=v9ei,mv;_~’Rick.::1addresses the "1 see.” ' , 
I-"I ‘  V‘ ‘- . o g 9 I I i‘
..   » V  , , -y “He dxdnt have none toomuch information, at that;

\,

   
   
 

 
   
  

   
   
   
  

   

 

‘*i:_.,.gbutsuchashehad,Ioorralledit;’- 
 pi ' “That's your strong suit, isn't it,  -eorralling
r=2,_thinss.?’.’.;.i V    ‘xi
‘ i . “It novels.» WI;ll,old;Manueloadmittedtomestl:§_.:ey§r§
lie‘: ,been,s>m;mbs¢‘o£zha:«baaa;  ‘

  
 
 
   

 

    

  
  
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
    
  
 
   
    
   
  
  
  
   
  
    
 
   
  
 
 
   
    
 
  

, quite so much as it did to sit silentlike and gaze upon
' the sweet face of that angel in Apetticoats. So he———”
"’What’s that, Bud? He was stringing you, I’m
raid.” A i r -
‘.‘-Nary a string, Nick. It was dead straight.”
“But he told me that he had never been inside of the
.. . and-» ”
‘No more he has. He didn't have tuh go inside to
V‘ k at her.”

“Go on, Bud‘. I see that you have got something to

‘ I,have~—a-plenty.”
“Well?” - _
‘>‘Mebby yeh recall the fact that you’ve been told that
‘Hie house’ that Loco built lies up against the butte? No?”
>Nick nodded.’ .
“Yeh understand, uh course, that I don’t mean that the
ding touches’ the butte, but that it comes mighty
‘ to it; with only that ditch through which the Ab’ilin’
. er runs, between it and the roclgs.” ‘
?’f'Yes.” . ’ 4 .
"W511, old Man-well’s story is that the very first day he
there, he saw the gal, and he was so struck with her
I < that he didn’t do a thing but try tuh see her
in, and the long and short of it was that he sneaked
_ ‘ « idvto the butte side uh the house and climbed up a
ma he found among the rocks, until he found a nice
place where hecould sit and roll cigarettes and
‘he ”em ’thout being seen; and he hadn’t sat there
’n'a' thousand years before he saw the gal.” \
 on.» .
f‘:I'h¢re*is a small balcony. in front uh one uh the win-
iih her roon_1,iand Manuel told me as how she is in
 uh spendin’ certain parts uh each afternoon
‘ ”~l:!€rs'elf Onit; audseein’ as how his hidin’,-place
. ,'§t‘ﬁ_fty feet from the balcony in a straight line,
edthat heehad a. sure good chance uh ropin’ the

.¢1.‘i0lclrme;how«to find the spot, and so I rode
fo_lookfori” ._ ii I. 1 .

 saw  eh ?” «
 Niclt—-and res a holy wonder that rm

3 If Doirlzge-O. A§it.is, ’I’m p umb sure thatr

 the ‘eight uh her; that didn't move
.‘spq:._rs- uh.  hour after she leftthe bal-

 
     
  
   
 

e ,   éget dowtrto facts, Bud, if you
—:§;"£.i_‘ '   ', I I‘ 3

I  ' -First off; I pride:

  
  

   
  

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 E A M’    have obtained a fairly  view‘

answerin‘ it. ,

I5

I takes the saddle and bridle off’n Co_vote——-that’s one uh
my mounts-—and turns him loose.”

“And you found .the place which Manuel had made use
of, eh?”

“I ‘sure did, Nick.”

“And saw the girl?”

“Uh-huh!” and Bud lapsed into a dreamy state, from
which Nick had to rouse him before he would proceed
with his story.

“I sure had about given up seein’ her when she stepped
out onto the balcony with a camp—stool in her hand and
she sets down there with some sort uh fancy work in
her two hands; and then my jaw dropped and my eyes
popped and I went plumb loco for an hour or so. Nick,
in the course uh this lifetime uh mine I’ve sure seen
some handsome wimmin. I’ve seen seﬁoritas, and mada-
moiselles, and misses till yeh couldn’t rest, but that there
young woman is sure the queen uh the bunch. That’s all.
That's the hull story, Nick.” ,

“It only gives proof of what we knew before,” said
Nick. -"It tells us nothing more than the fact that she
is there in that house.” ' '

“Well, mebby that's true —-and then mebby it ain’t.’.’

“It gave you an idea, I suppose?”

“It sure did that, Nick."

“What was the idea?”

~‘fMebby yeh noticed that I said the place on the rocks
where I was hidden ain't more’n ﬁfty feet from that
balcony?”

“I did.” _

“I can throw a loop farther than that, Nick; and so
can Ted——or any one of us, for that matter."

Nick started; then he smiled. . e

“I see the point, Bud,” he/said. “It is strange that I
did not see it sooner, for it isn’t but a short time since
I entered a castle in Germany by that very method. I
thought then that I was through with cas,tlés,‘»but it seems
that this Loco Juan has imported a few ancient ideas
upon:which he has erected his home in Montana.’ Your
scheme is to rope the balcony, isn't it?”

"Precisely.” ,

“And then walk the rope, hand over hand, across the
ditch from the rocks to .the balcony?” ,“ ‘

"E.ractly.” I ‘

“And so, get to the girl; eh ?” x V I \
“Decidedly.” ' v p ,
“What is the temperature of that water in the ditch, ‘

Bud?” . "

“I’m only guessin’, but I should say "that it's about , " I

’leyen thousand in the shad?” ‘

“If you were doing the hand—over-hand act across the I
rope, and should happen to drop into the water, it would ‘

be warm, wbuldhft it, Bud .3" e .

__ r»»..£‘Well,_.Niek,Vsince yeh ask the question. I’ don’t mind ,’
It’s= nay opinion that it1 you was tzumbleap

   

 

   
 
  
   
  
   
  
   
     
   
   
     
  
   
   
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
    
   
   
 

  

f intolrthat waterand should by any chance roll out of it
’- into hell-ﬁre, you would think that you'd tumbled Lip
: against an iceberg by contrast. Oh, it’s hot, all right;
" butithat fact wouldn’t cast any prospectuses in the way
I uh my crossin’ the rope if it was there, across the ditch,
5'  me at one end and the gal at the other.”

' ‘The idea is not a bad one at all; but there are two or

“ “I've thought of a few myself, Nick.”

’I “Well, by the Lord Harry, if I ever thought uh that!
p  she don't; what then?”
.; i_,‘;‘I'll answer that question after a moment. The sec-
condition is, no matter whether she wishes to be
I  or not, is she the girl I am after?” '
“I-reckon there ain’t much’ doubt as to that.”
7“’l*.Io; there is not. The third one is: What is there
ti} be seen on that balcony that you could throw a loop
 and if there is such a thing ‘there, is, it strong
 hold :my weight? I'm no lobster, Bud, to be
I I I’ , alive into water that is about 312 degrees‘ Fahr-
e,_n_13e§:” 5 I
I . . tie the only bitch in the hull business, Nic .”
 is--—that I’m not a lobster?”
flwell, that ain‘t exactly what I mean; but I want to
I right here that if you should come face to face with
 Without expecting it, I’ll bet you’d.turn red
__to»be mistook for one. . What I started to’ say was
 ain'«t"’aiiy' such place on that balcony. , I couldn't
in_uch.as a ﬁyspeck that a feller could "rope with
T’;  so I thought out another scheme.”

gwasit, Bud? ,You seem tobe proliﬁc of ideas

 ain't mtbinqxisﬂﬁn’ that you said, Nick.
I W;IS..8 kid I used to  how'to make bows and
arrpwspretty f V ight, and I‘*wa,s wonderin’ if
‘t a-‘good sc  for me-to make a bow and
 so open a correspondence wit the
  I tould ti¢la110tcfO.onefof,the ‘a ows
sheet itgovcr to her,@IId 'ifvsh‘e_ liked what it said,
 heﬁliand, or  tolet us know
‘ iftshe did lik it.;w’e,'could shootfoirer a
 , etnakinﬁit  3‘  we could haul it
 ¢nd.t’nthi£rto beat the  ’Th¢n.'i£ nhegdid
‘ ‘ -eoulduask for -a hull"stack' uh chips
,rapef’herIelf—--and the rest would be

 

j_  see, if :1» girl hmm
that linen and house.‘ it

 
   

’¥three,necessary conditions that should go with it, Bud.”'

7“Theeﬁrst one is, does the girl wish to be rescued ?”i

\ Strong, started to his feet, and then subsided again upon

. 1*? eaaothcrmey.

 

.  .5’ Yr‘; 1,‘;  , u  K - _‘ F, . - r ~ I ,7
., .
I .
" .

NEW NICK" CARTER ~WEEKLY. \

“I will consult with Ted, first; but, anyhow, we will 
ride over there where you went, and we will go in time I
to-morrow afternoon to see the girl when she comes out
on the balcony. The three of us will study the situation,
and after that we will decide what to do. Only I want
to tell you this: I have been revolving a plan in my own

'head that I think is better, and it may be that I will ﬁnd

it a good idea to try both of them‘ at the same time
yours and mine; Bud.” 
“Good, Nick! All the same, I’ll bet you even that my 
plan works the best.” I 
“I wouldn’t lve much for it—or you, either--if you 
did not think so,” said Nick. 

 

 

' CHAPTER VIII.
NICK CARTtR’S PERFECT DISGUISE

Somewhat later that same evening, when Nick and
Ted, with five of Ted Strong’s outﬁt, were seated to~
gether in the big living-room of the ranch~house, th°e'
detective, after announcing that he would return in a
few moments, and that he was going to hold a short in-
terview with Manuel, the Mexican, arose and left them. I

{It was almost half an hour later when the door through 3
which he had departed opened suddenly and Manuel if
entered the room, walking as upright and as ﬁrmly as if 
his leghad never been broken; as if he had sustained no
injury of any sort from the accident at the water-tower. ,

very one in the room, with the exception of Ted

,, _.._i..._ A. ..a :v;._a_v.a‘a:..~.;a.x’<'.~7.19.z'L .'n.:

 

their chairs; all save Bud Morgan, who stood still where ‘ A
he had risen, and after moistening his lips with 
tongue, muttered half aloud: 3'“ - 
“I'll bepeternally doggoned if that greaser ain't bben
stringin’ us fromithe send~oﬁl And ain't he got a gall 
like a buﬁalo bull to walk in here among us like that?” -ii
Afterwhich he sank into his chair, speechless as far as, 
further-‘utterance was concerned. 
The Mexican paused when he was half-way between .
the doorway and the group of men, and with the ghost --
of a crafty smile on his face, and speaking in the Spanish gg
tongue, he said: ' I ~ ~ 
“Where is the senor who rescued me from, the ﬁre? ,,
Will somebody reply tome in Spanish? 1 can make my- ~ '-
self understood the bettei;_so." '  ‘~
. ‘.‘We ain't answer’ ' no questions,'rnistei’:‘3—Bud blurted
‘out, in .English_, b ore anybody else had a chanceto
speak. “We're gain’ to ask a few, however.‘ Where 
that" there bustedlleg uh your'n; eh ?" u I r 1’
“I left. it up-stairs,”vwas l-the calm reply, again in’ Spat
ish. “It was made of wopd. anyhow; and I 

n- ~ ,

I  i.:"_,ar«zutt§reci anew I *
KI‘  ‘VI — . .  I b‘

 

    

  

  

  

    

 
   
 

   
      
   

> . “Well. I.t1.i_t;;e‘*

   

  

   
 
    
 
       
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
 
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
 

the butte,” said the Mexican, again showing his ‘teeth ,
-thatacrafty smile which Bud Morgan seemed particu-
,  y to’ dislike.
1' A: -By’ ' y of reply to this suggestion. Bud leaped to his
(1 with one bound passed the Mexican and stood
" him and the door by which he had entered.
Ihen, with calm deliberation, he raised his revolver
a pointed it directly at the ’Mexican’s heart.
“I reckon, Mister Greaser, that you ain't a-doin’ any
, ’tarnal thing just at present,” he said, with cold
V ion. f‘Yeh’ve got the space uh time durin’ which
can count ten to give the password, which means that
'11 kindly explain to this meetin’ how in blazes yeh
_ ed down here without crutches; and, secondly, how .
walked ,at all. Now, mister, unwind.”
 Mexican’s reply was the most amazing thing that
~« "remembered to have seen, for the supposed Manuel
~ I in his tracks, turned his back upon Bud, and so
the others in the room, and then in the plainest
._ i,» and with the voice‘ of Nick Carter, he said:
ought to pass muster rather well in this rig, Ted;
you think so?” ‘
think it ‘is out of sight,” was the calm reply from
 gang ranchman; and the remark was followed by a ‘
a laugh from all, while Bud subsided suddenly into
._ euientchair, swearing softly to himself, and call-
himself all sgrts ‘of namesgthat. aren't ment' nable‘
the tiniewith? a broadigriu of up 'xed
on his {weatlier-beaten ~‘countenariee. '
  you ion ‘from the first, didn't, you,
,.gk.d Nick, as“ he also droppedginto. a chair. A T 
"  I'll do you credit. I didn't catch on be-
)? fault intthe, disguise. I did ilemember at
at.I had heard of your doing thatnsort of thing
 tirge, and Iyvalso knew that Manuel himself
"hf-hang wallécdzinto the room in tliat manner, if
  the"aet._. 4 So, of course,  knew

J, ..

  

 of  Bud?" hiked Nick; wheeling

 gt,ﬁu;in' just at present. I lost my thinker ,
.» "*9, =HaIy smoke, Nick! you sure are the

c!8t__etl‘.\_, You surearel” , . ”

  plan‘ of mine,‘ Bud?

 yqn,’:e,ﬁgg'erin’..on makin ynur escape

  ' abi_ir,7éh?  stealin' a mo_unt.n

    

  
  

iﬁeéddedz: . 1., . _, ,v _

 if  will work."l1¢ Said‘-
 mn Wk an ant. mo.

‘ Mannel’s voice

, we-so:
  it-gwhzch pot-

  ‘  ".. \ .. ‘-
ﬁgdf’ said Ied, raising one hand for

  

   

          

2 .'  we

 NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

surroundings of the place that will be usefulrand will

..-‘are afraid of him. He is a Guerreran, remember, and to

. dd it tlownto the ground’).

T iirtiytﬁtrm. 

. 1,“. in ,~_v.‘—..>...

   

“First, Manuel’s friends abandoned him to his fate, to‘
be burned with you at the tower.”

The detective nodded. -
“/Second, Manuel killed one of them himself an
wounded two othersnafter they had done that; and-—”
“Hold on, Ted Let me interrupt you,” said Nick.

“Go ahead.”

“It is true that Manuel was abandoned to the ﬁre by
his friends, but Manuel can overlook that if he chooses to
do so, notwithstanding the fact that he loudly cursed
them all for what they did—-or failed to do. It is also
true that those men do not know that it was Manuel who
shot one of them dead and wounded two others. If
Manuel were bound and helpless, hoiiv could he have
done that?”

“That’s so.”

“What is more natural than that, after the rescue,
Manuel should have been brought to Double-Oxa pris-
oner, to be pumped dry of all the information he had in
his possession? And what is a better continuation of the
story than that he should have managed to make, his
escape? And isn’t it only natural that having made his
escape he should, being an outlaw, return to his outlaw
companions ?” ‘

” “I see. You are right, Nick. What more?”

“This: I have made up my disguise very carefully;
I have used a stain which water_will not touch———-"

“Unless yeh should happen to find it in that ditch,”
muttered Bud.

“I’m not going to do that, Bud,” said Nick. Then, to

- Ted, he continued:

“This. stain is like the Quaker’s smile-—-it won't corn;
off. I have been practising with Manuel in his room .
until I have got his voice letter-perfect. I know the
names of many of his" companions, what he,calls them,
what he thinks of them, and how they regard. him; and
he has also given me much more information about the

         
     
 

enable me to pass muster among his friends without i T

much danger of discovery. ' ,
“,Fortunately,,he has been a very taciturn chap ‘amohg

them. He has done very little talking. Many of them

 
       

a Mexican that means much. \ M . _
_ “Now, having made up my mind that I can pass mus-
ter amon them, I am going there to~night.  want a'_; "
horse ire: your ‘con-al that will carry me all right with? 
out saddle or bridle, if you have got such a one. If I  V
in that inanner,-tint’ will have a ipropqkeﬁect upon them." ‘

“Right,” said.B'ud, {ram the background. “Coy9te’ll A

  
     
 

 
     
 

    
   
    
     

“Further,”  Nick; “I want one of the  \_
ride withmeasguide until we come in sight of the butts, "
afterfiwhicli he   and leave me to 

  

  

, \ ,

   
 
     
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
 
 
  
   
    
        
       
       
      

   
 

"lTln“t’ll'—be'me,” whispered Bud, addressing the wall.
"';,“No, it won’t,” said Nick. “I’ve got other work for
yowif you'll hold -your jaw for a moment."

Hi’: “I sure will”.

I I “Now, Ted," continued Nick, “you and I have talked

that plan of Bud's.” -

,‘."-Yes,” replied the young ranchman.

_ .351! you will try to carry out just about what we agreed
upon in reference to that, and go there with Bud to that
 in the rocks. near the balcony some time tomorrow
 I have an idea that the rest will be compara~
every easy; but the point is this: '

oiliedia castle, and I will therefore have a .hard time to
i an entrance to it myself.”

owe, it is impossible to tell when I will succeed‘ in
 I may be ahle7to accomplish it tomorrow, and
We  the facts in the eye I must confess that it
talrelaﬂ month to.» accomplish it. You realize. that,

  

'es.iu;:leed.” L .  . ‘A, L
Intake it. Ted. that you  your outﬁt, here; are

 
  

or how long itztakes to accomplish it. Am I

 ‘question to ask; but I

   

as silthateither, :a}:«;

V _   '  au..j ‘ml
' tawny. th'¢I5.5i3. this: At least one of you‘
etc};   opposite‘.‘~the
'5 ‘1rotn»ltffr€¢_.’o’g;lp“ck till sunset‘.
   shouse, or
. ‘*:95‘?',29'1¢ '9!“ tbs

.>»n

     
    
 

  

  

      

"_‘.',.;’;¢'~ ‘Gr.

NEW NICK CARIER WEEKLY.

" f'Manuel has never been inside that house, which is '

guess there isn't any doubt about that, Nick,” said

,to,help me outta the end, no matter. what that -

‘ .‘;Ten minutes laterthey started. 1  '

fl , L , g._.  ‘V‘ci;1§rjfraa.’i;<,f_, _l  

so  I  will‘

 

v

. “Which means that if she won't go willingly, you pro»
pose to take her, anyhow; is that it?”

“Yes; that is it—after I have satisﬁed myself that she
is the woman I see .”

“It is rather an odd proposition, isn't it, Nick?” asked
Ted. L »

- “It is the strangest case, in some respects, that I ever I ’
had. I've got to take her to her father, whether she
wishes to go or not; and I have also got to take Loco
Juan, alive, to him; so no matter what happens, no mat-

ter how hard a fight we get into, I do not wish any of
you to deliberately injure him beyond recovery.”

A “I suppose the girl's father wants to preserve him for
torture,” muttered Bud.

“No,” said Nick. “He has no such idea. All that he
desires is an opportunity to see his daughter, and to tell
her the truth about herself, and to know all the truth con~
cerningp her for all these years. After that, she will be p
5 permitted to go her way if she chooses.” V 

“But Loco Juanwwhat does the old fellow want, of, "
him if it isn’t to torture him?” . I

‘ “He wants some secrets from him which only Loc
_can/ reveal, and he proposes first to get Loco in his 

j er, and then to oﬁer him ‘his liberty in exchange for 
he knowledge.” “ s
4 ',‘‘Oh, I see. That wouldn't be a .bad trade, eitherf’ .;

,“Ar3dinow,” said Nick, “I believe that is all for the
A  Manuel has promised to remain hidden in his

 until he has my permission to leave it. For the I
‘ rest, weare all agreed uponsthe program to be followed.”
“We are.” ' p ‘I .
.: “Then! ,will start at once. I have got ManuePs,wea’pi-,
ons, and some of my own, besides. Now, who is to 
with me'until~we are in sightof the butte?” . ' V ,
I Every man in their room leaped to his feet, Ted among‘
tlaemriandi Niik laughed aloud.-" . * , 2 - 
“I did not expect to ask you to go, Ted," he_s_aid:,
j“but. all-ithe’sar'ne, if you are willing, I wish» youwould!
idoso.” ' .~ ‘  ~ 

scum: 3"

  
      
    
 
   

,3
In.
cuuuunqllt .
l I

.* ,P

    

  am ourLAivmciz,:arrAxu.   "f v_1}:f7:
,_ ridellhard. la’; ;ysn' fdézsfg “ 
when; they set outuforijp-_tl1eT butte,  I
‘r$s’ta'?b¢7a‘bout'lblawafwh¢n Lg} there: at l

  
   

  

fNick;,
I t.h‘i§

  

   
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
    
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
     
      
       
   
 
  

I

 spot} asthey came in sight of the butte, they halted,
huddled pointed out the trail to the detective; a moment
Q later they had separated, and while the young ranchman
»: -‘  his return to Double-O, Nick rode straight
.« toward ‘the stronghold of ‘Loco Juan.
t was after two o’clock in‘7the morning when he rode
among the lesser buildings by which the greater one
ﬂanked. .
He could hear the barking of dogs as he approached,
v he knew long before he arrived that the people there
._ . astir, wondering, no doubt, who dared to approach
t place at such an hour, J
He had given no thought to the possible presence of
I r at the place, until that moment, and now it gave
L some uneasiness; for well he knew that dogs cannot
, deceived by appearances. They use a stronger evi-
or had Manuel mentioned the dogs, and so Nick did
pw at that moment whether the Guerreran had been
y, with any of them or not. V ‘
Bathe argued to himself that inasmuch as the Guer-
I had not mentioned the subject, it was because it
no signiﬁcancexfor him, and therefore it was sup«
ale? that he had not b_een'on terms of intimacy with
of the animals. ‘ “ ~ ,
Andagain, Nick‘ was dressed from head to foot in
t’s;cIIothihg. ~ - \ I . I
I '31” thought,’ “ought to be sufficient for the
;eh¢Tdogs, ».l\gy'bei_ng inside of the clothes may
 ‘as, little, biota-‘—I have got;to risk ‘it, anyhow,”
he did not hesitate, but I/ode steadily forward until
‘ I‘ .‘ tight to a sudden halt at the very spot w ich
cl I ‘described to hirn,,by"'a sharp command in
 I to throw up his hands, or he would be shot.
gap; gfta_e!'_' came the command; and Nick put his
very macho ‘alto!’ withouvdelay; butaat the
 out; I it ’ \.
 I nrigol Manuel Primitive." I 9 _,
wasethewroice, the gesture, and the angry snarl of
runitivo, just iasfthe real‘Mannel had told him
. then1,,and,the'ir'it\se had an instant eﬁect.
  (chorus of laughter from the men, who had
 ugﬁl 'theu;‘an_d now they ‘stepped out inbq
‘ ’ F que_stiO115 to him as he ap~

    

 we ' mam  by this tin1e.”,said; one;
 renrarltm to‘ all. of which
 hi‘ WP15°5s,¢¢:ﬁ‘°‘ §‘~“‘¢ 't‘“‘° °‘“'Y‘

  

. g .

 

beck pt the horse at

       
   
 

 
 

    ' NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

I room with him, and that

(thatjh£'*W3e almost dead with i
' I ‘ . Loco has been told am it was Manuel who fired the sex:
  of Manuel. ’,

"=",.x

19

To one of these latter, which was uttered rather too
loudly, he gave answer; for he wheeled, and, instantly
pulling a knife from his belt, he poised it as if ready to
throw.

A simultaneous cry from every man there was the re-
sult, and the man who had offended fell upon his knees,
speechless with fear.

Nick returned the knife to his belt, and smiled coldly.
Manuel had told him that he had a reputation among his

.fellows as a deadly knife~thrower, and he saw now the

effect of that reputation. ’

After a moment of silence, during which he had let
his eyes travel slowly from one face to another, he said:

“I have been a captive; I have escaped; I have ridden

' without saddle or bridle; I have been tortured to make

confession of things here; I have returned to tell the chief
about it all. I am almost dead with fatigue, but, all the
same, I warn you that the ﬁrst of you who speaks as ,
Abran Plata did just now, I will kill! One of you drive
that horse away so that he will return. Somebody may.
tell the chief that in the morning I have a report to mal-Fe
——after I have rested.” .

He turned away abruptly and hurried along toward the
place where, from the description that had been given
him, he knew how to ﬁnd Manuel’s sleeping-place; and
the others stood silently by and permitted him to pass.

A dog or two sniffed ominously about his heels, but
none offered to interfere with him, and presently he had L
entered the low building and thrown himself upon the if
blankets which belonged to Manuel Primitivo. ‘

He knew that three Ters occupied that same low a

e three had been among those
to welcome his return. ‘A if

Presently they entered, and one of them came stealthily I
toward him andhbending over, called in a low tone:

“Manuel, would you like a swallow qf tequila?”--. «
Mexican whisky~—“I have some here. It‘ will do you
good,. Manuel." A a

Brit Nick .rnade\‘no reply, and the man turned away,
and in a low tone whispeted to his two companions := .

"He is sleeping like the dead.” -‘

l‘Let hirnsleep,” growled another. “He will need to!‘
be rested when he talks to the chief in the meaning.” 

“Bah! Manuel is the only one among us whoyseernll
nottolfeartheehicfatall.” < V A by

“Yu.  for that very reason he‘ will die "somek}_ay.

  

    
   
       
     
  

“Hush! ~ ;{et;sofloud.s «If he had done that, he 

)1

 #***°*==<*1r» the 

    
      
    
   
 
 
 
     
  
  
     

 

‘x

_'     ‘ NEW. hick CARTER" WEEKLY.

     

4
7 .

algthe  rs. Consigned them to perdition, and called Nick’s guide halted at the ridge and stepped aside for
 to names. ﬁDo you think that Don Juan will the detective to pass; which he did without a glance in
forgive that?" A 7 either direction, pr a word; and atithe opposite end of
.“I-iewiill forgive everything if it is to his interests to the bridge he came to a halt and murmured as he had
$19 $0; nothing at all if it isvnm. He has use for been instructed by Manuelzto do, while he saluted: i
Maria L” V‘ V , “A ru disposicbion, seﬁor.”

L ‘ﬂier: waste tnomcmt of silence, and then the one who Loco Juan smiled, showing two rows of gleaming :
7 Ehithcrto spoken said: ’ ‘ white teeth; but it was the smile of a wolf and the glare

«

_ \ l ‘ A , all he was an extraordinarily handsome man. To-day
you know 3” asked another. “l)idn’t you hear there is a facial expression in Mexico which is known as M
 said?” : ‘ “the Rubio smile,” and this grimace wasione of such:

‘Yes had tortured, and asked to tell things’ dangerous, p. ominous, menacing, poisonous, terrible,
 lahonti  plaqe, and about ‘the chief; but Worse than a frown 01’ even 3“ 0331- V s
L l M « Q A L 4 ‘ “You have returned Manuel mic,” said the chief, still }
the chief will Iwanl; to hear smiling; ‘ M A ‘i
H g «L L i  is  l /, “Si seﬁor. Iam here.” . so s V
   than  Pfﬁsentlf Niek knew that? “You have suﬁered torture at the hands of my enee U
  were sleeping; but he remained awakqh,&i:1ies,eI am told, amigo.” ‘ \ e V
 rqivaj longuzne; turning over if: his; mind his ‘? , "Si, um-r.", \ ‘ V l i » 
 had so asuspiciouslyi begun. V ‘is ? "You have been questioned, also; asked to tell all that
-  texture  had under- you know about me.’’~ . e  T
has  he haeja,  to make  seﬁarﬁ  s , ,, , e 7 /  
1  , rnadegwith a e  “You have, doubtless, betrayed me, Manuel ?" L,
  ybuld sendiifor . F“Sei‘ior knows Manuel better than tiaatﬁwas the 
:einsi&7e%tl;fe;eest!e.to  reply. , . , * ‘ * s -  e ‘
ooncocted a‘ story  suf~ _, A“You cursed me, however, there at the. tﬂwer." _
   the interest 1 i ‘i'El,s¢¢lit21r«“kuOws that theﬁre was hot and that it was:
»  lg, e  Vcomiugi1earer."s:,_.  .  V  M  -
 W3 “'5'  was ' Th‘: chie£smi1ed_"again.aud,hodded his head. j t 
’ ﬂag;   .p,.§‘g,~ = “You shot at us, trying to kill me‘-your chief;¢did:g '
  l  13a:tr.t,tieg‘:nio;n"iY°“ W’, . I. or    l  ‘   i i   s
' V 2:,’  ,f.i4x;ei.:r;¢1d.‘§a:“1;is,ihamqs s‘s.;t.si1enuy;i:o ammuuee 
1 the had been ,.bounds-and"helpiessAat,the tin_ze;‘at least. 

    
     
  
    
    
    
      
     
 
   
       
         
 
      
 
      

 

4 .}’i#st‘éﬂire mm"

   
 

»_'

 
 
  

  

J1 , 

¥.t

  
  

 

  

gg Tchieiieq undAers£OodiLit,£or  r ,  . R
‘ ‘ ff‘I:£1,‘‘L5tour4e hands -were boned;  at least 
88¢§7:"§rou.could eugse."   «.  V "**

 
  
   

«

    

   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
     
    
   
   
 

_; inwardly. resolved}. that he would penetrate some of
 ere he went forth again.
For Manuel had told him among other things that none
outside men were ever permitted to enter there;
Qhitfwhen one‘ was taken across the bridge, one of two
; ings inevitably happened to him-either he was never
.  again, which meant that he had gonethere to his
l3eatli,.or_he becamevfrom that time on one of the house
i’ door servants. . '
if it  been really Manuel himself who had returned
" ‘ Nicklhad no doubt that his fate would have been
"  for the Guerreran had not concealed the idea
V ‘be believed hixnself to be both feared and hated by
_ rinjthe present case Nick had no feaxyfor the out-
his venture. .- . I ,. - '
V. accustomed to '13 great chances, andto
' -, into  iplacles, and he realized now
' ' wt dg_p'ended_upon his own diplomacy, his
  igers._of5r:esource to meet and coun-
arise. , ‘ _V ,
   intothe patio‘--for the
 bmlt aftger  style, with a large.
'  o,:$~i_t.; -and thence. from the
  i i 

    
     
 
  
    
   
 

   
  

  he  the , outllwi ‘-
 I W .
“ r°i7m.s1l‘%t9ward i,¢h‘ﬁ‘*- 9 =‘

  i “air: he aa»l:~-ha» your  

1'.
.,\,

  
  
  
  

  
 
       
 
    
   

 
 

. l
»  " ’ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

  

i ' iwgstrttskizgi Loco. ‘ V

7 g   was a strangerf  not know it then:
A"'9-leai‘ne§';itilater  “ i  '  i

i

2 I
person whom he regarded as no better than a peon, un—
less he had one of two good reasons for doing so.

Either he had already decided that Manuel must die
--or he had determined to ask a great favor of some sort
from him.

However, Nick accepted the cigar as imperturbably as
if the offer of one from his chief were an every-day oc-
currence; and having lighted it, he also leaned back in
the chair he had taken, determined to be as proud and
self—contained as be imagined the Guerreran would have
become had he actually been forced into the same cir-
cumstances. . _

“Begin at the time you inounted the ladder to the top
of the tower,” said Don Juan, after the ceremony of
lighting the cigar was completed.

And Nick replied as if he were indeed Manuel, reciting
his own story.

“I was seized when I reached the top,” he said. “A

V band was at my throat, preventing me from calling out

to give a warning; and then. before I could do much in

the way of struggiing, I was struck on the head with the

butt of a pistol,‘and I became unconscious."
“‘We, below, did not know what had become of you,"
said Santillos.

“No; "I suppose not, Donjuan. I did not know my- 1 

/-Elﬁn . l ‘
“And:pthen-fwihat then?”

 “The next, then, of which I was conscious, was seeing’ it ‘
a smooth-faced Americana beside me.” —
they call King of the Wild... .‘

,‘.‘That young devil whom

1_..“N'o:lanother than he.’ ‘

7 A  “One inf his men, doubtless."
' *“No,‘ a}.stranger.”

. ‘ .,_.._y

‘ .

Aw il¥ati’=e§?* 5°34!   he 

an  i¢af_cs§::§e§‘.
v35';then§._tha§ I  of i

 
    
   

 i . It did sound so. And then—-—-—-”

22
"No, seﬁor. It was not I who waved his arms; it was
the other man.” .
“Why should he have done that?”
Nick shrugged his shoulders, but ventured no reply to
the question. ’
I “Continue with your story," ordered‘ the chief curtly.
“After that there was some ﬁring of pistols. The man
told me that one of your men had fallen and that others
were hit. Then it became very hot. There was more
ﬁring.”  _
“It sounded to me very much as if two men were en-
’ gaged in that fusillade,” said Don Juan, with his shrewd
eyes fixed like gimlets on N icl<’s face.
“Yes,” said the detective imperturbably; “I noticed it.
He paused.
“Well? And then———what ?” ‘I '
“Then it became hot uplthere. The man said that you

 and the others had withdrawn to a considerable distance
 and that he was going to jump. It seemed for a moment

is if he intended to leave me there to burn, but at last
he cut  bonds and told me to follow him. Then he
threw out a satchel, which suggested what I now know to
be true, that he arrived there on the same train with the
’ranchero." 
, “Go on. He threw out his satchel: then he jurriped;
what then?” I

'5‘! jumped also.”

“And when you alighted why did you not kill him
at once, as you should have done ?”
if "I was injured. Manuel Primitive was a prisoner. I
 taken away to a, hollow in the ground. Later’ the
 fan back again to get his sa‘tche1.,- It was then yclur
‘turn to shoot him, my chief.”
1” A“Go on with your talc, amigo.” . p
" (“Many hours, passed after that; and then came the
 ranchero with some of his men, to the rescue;
 will you ?-.—I was taken to the rancho.”

 was before daylight in the morning?”
.‘''S9',l:_n‘i0r.’’ ''

 then»--v—— ,It is nouhthat your tale becomes in-.

  happened to you thcn,_and how did you
 from mai?='?” 
Ali! Rowlcayu I tell‘ you-——h,ow describe‘ what has

NEW NICK.CARTER WEEKLY.

them with my answers, the torture was worse. It was
frightful.
“What were the questions?”
“They were about you. They were about a seiiorita
which you are supposed by those men to have imprisoned
here in the castillo. They even gave the seﬁorita a name

3

And the questions———”

that was new to~—~~~’
“A name? What name?”
“They referred to her as the Senorita Carmen Glenn.”
“Ha! Go on, go on‘!”
“I heard many things which I could not understand.

I was asked many things which I could not have an-_‘ A

swered if I had chosen to do so.”

“Which I have no doubt you would have done had
you possessed the necessary information.”

“Don Juan Santillos does me an injustice."

';‘What next? Go on.”\

“There is nothing more of importance.
questions about yourself; about the building of the cas~
tillo, about the seiiorita. They talked of her great beauty.
They talked of a father who lives somewhere in the East,
and they talked about many things.”

“What things? Tell me.”

“They said that you had stolen the seiiorita from her
father eighteen years ago and had kept her a prisoner
ever since that time. They said that you had been cruel
to her; that you were her cousin; that you had stolen
her property; that you still held what did not belong to
you; they said that you were to be captured and taken to
the East, but for what purpose I know not.”

a “Oh. they said that, did they?”

“Si, seﬁor; and more.”

“What more?"

“They are also to take the seﬁorita to the East, where
she is to be restored to her father, who is now a cripple.”

There were

“SO; that is the game} ‘Who was’ it who said all thcsel I

things?”

“The man to whom I have -referred as a stranger.”
“And who is he? Did you find that out ?”

\‘“Sz', seﬁar.” I -
“Who is he, then? Tell me that.”

“Heis a detective from New York, senor.”
“A detective. v What is his name?” M
“Carter. They called him Nick.”
“Nick Carter? The devil l"

“Si. .refiar.” E

“And was it Nick Carter whom I had iniprisoncd

4-

;, g  water~tou?er.with you, amigo?” i e W ”‘

 ‘ NEW

  
  
       
    
       
    
       
       
      
     
      
       
    
     
          
      
     
   
      
     
    
    
      
    
   

if'Si seﬁor; no other."

\ “Oh, man, if I had known it!
 the time l”

_, “You would have captured him, seﬁor ?"

' “I would have——— Never mind what I would have
acne. It is too late now to talk about it. But-————-"
§,“But you will capture him yet, senor ?"

“You are to answer questions; not to ask them, hotn-
ﬁre!"

“Si, seﬁor.”

 “What more is there to tell?”

“Nothing more,’ senor."
“How did you escape?”
‘They did not bind me.
se tﬁter I had found my artns—my weapons. I rode
‘item there here on a horse without saddle or bridle. I
'ved-—~- ”

f“Y¢S. I know all that.”

“~95. senor.”

‘..‘“How much of this tale that you have related to me did
H ‘tell to your friends outside?
«‘fNoue of it.”-

.,7Are you sure of that?”

‘.1 have told nobody. I reserved my information for
_ senor.”

If I had but known it

  

 
  
 
  

  

I made my way out of the

  

 
 

  

Answer me that.”

  

  

‘But I can be trusted‘ with the knowledge, senor.”
 am notso sure of that.”
It is true, nevertheless.”

 Iuan cast aside his half-smoked cigar and lighted
iiitiesh one, and after that_for a long time he remained
‘ed in thought. as if he were deciding a momentous
Meseuuy he raised his eyes and ﬁxed them piercingly
the detectivels face, and then again Nick saw that
:;,1ful‘:smile of his, which had such an ominous look.

agéuel mio,;’ he said softly, “how shall I reward

  

  

 
  

 
 

Q T t he realized that Don Juan Santillos intended
jclose the lips .o£_tl1e man be supposed to he
'7Pri:ri:itivo; and also in that instant Nick deter-
 suntan. which had occurred to him since
that 1993?; which.'waq1_aImost impossible, but
it new to-12¢ as onlyscoursc to pursue- But

 
  
 

  
  
   

:

as

NICK’ CARTER

     
 
   
  
  

t""~ «' ““"" """“  -   r*’:‘'“‘’‘ w;--.. .. s . ~.*v~'.' ,.  *~ ‘ i "“ »--“‘’fE:‘.'V‘.'.v‘'r:=~ : - ~ ~» '

\\'F_l7.l\'LY. 23

“Your favor. my chief, is all that I seek." he said.

Again the smile.

“Surely you know that you have that. Come with me.
I have a present that I would bestow upon you. Come.”

Loco Juan left his chair and CI‘u>>c(l to the door. Then,
stepping back, he, motioned to Nick to precede him.

But Nick hung back. He knew that it would be de-
cidedly mtsafe for him to walk in advance of Santillos,
and besides there were other reasons why he wished to
walk in the rear himself.

There was an instant of hesitation on the part of the“
outlaw, and then. as if he feared to rouse the suspicious
of Uanuel, he shrugged his slioulders and passed out
upon the gallery of the patio. again bidding Nick to
follow him.

 

CHAPTER XI.
A IIOT-\VA’I‘ER TR.-\l‘.

They made almost the circuit of the house and de-
scended the stairs again to the ground tloor.

Here they crossed the patio to the opposite side, and
in doing that Nick had an opportunity to discover that
since he had entered the house the gate had been closed
again, and that the bridge was probably drawn up, thus
shutting the house off from the outside world.

He and Loco might have been utterly alone in the great
house, if the appearance of things was to be taken as a
criterion. Nick had not seen a sign of another human
being inside the house since he entered it, although he
was satisfied that many were there in reality. . o

Doubtless they kept severely to their own quarters, and
only appeared when summoned by the chieftain. -‘_

Presently, from the ﬂoor of the patio, tlicyi entered
a large, square room not unlike the one where the inter-
view had taken place, save that the other had been door-
less with the exception of the entrance from the patio,
while this one contained a door at the opposite side.

True, it was closed now. but as soon as they had en-
tered the mom, Loco pointed toward that door, and with
that same oily smile of his, he said softly: 

“Beyond that door, Manuel min, I keep my treasure." T \

“Is it so. seiior?" exclaimed Nick, with affected in-t
terest. but all thegtimei watching his companion nar~ I
rowly; T -  

“Yes; it is so. I have brought you here to show you 7
the treasure, and to give you something out of it.” i T
»"Ahl" said Nick.

 

  
  
 
   
   
  
   
     
 
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
    
   
  

  g  ' NEW Nick CARTER \VEEKl.Y.' »

,_'5H_‘e?ma'de as ifeto step toward the door eagerly, as if strong ﬁngers closed with a grip of steel around the.
"inkious to discover what was at/the other side of it; but Spaniard’s throat. ,
Santillos interposed his body in the way!‘ For a moment there was a frightful struggle, for Don
:1 “Wait,” he said. “The sight of so much treasure Juan proved to be inﬁnitely stronger than Nick had ever
‘coming suddenly upon ypu will dazzle you, my Manuel. supposed him to be.‘ ‘
Shall ftell you about it before you enter that room?” Nevertheless, strong as he was, he could not resist that‘
N 1‘ "Si, ﬁat’. If you will be so good.’.’ ' attack, nor could he make the slightest sound to call out
That wicked smile again clouded rather tharﬁllumined for assistance. 9
, ‘face of the outlaw, , . , p The terrible muscular strength of Nick Carter's ﬁngers
ﬁg “I,',isten,”N he said, “Beyond that door there is gold pressed against his neck and throat, shutting off his
 to ransom a king. It ispiled upon the ﬂoor‘ int’ breath and his powers of resistance at the same time, and
: ﬁg1;g‘iAme,-j¢an. eagles and double eagles, You know although he struggled with all his strength, although he
iirhat they are?" - L ' writhed and twisted and squirmed in a mad effort to free ;
“";S'i,<:dn'i0f." ' " . him If, it was without avail, and gradually he succumbed
“Now, if I let you enter, it must be in accordance with to tl:e\attack, until at last, hehung, a quivering heap of 
V iv!juieS.”i  t’ M ‘V I l { ﬂesh, in Nick Carter's arms;
V',V‘0£ course, seﬁor.” e l , s ' Nick saw_ at a glance that the outlaw chieftain was in- 
Look; here isithe if Do you see it?” ’ sensible, and so he dropped _'him to the floor and stood-jg
¥‘£s.”9 :1 — \ ‘ , _ , above him for it moment, turning over in‘his mind what 
If-ﬁts the lock of the door, but if you will look that he,-‘had best do next. : , 
i’ you Willisee that there is no keyhole in sight. Do [With the handkerchief, with which the detective was to 
 observe thatmuch ?" ‘ . V : . have been blindfolded, Nick gagged Santillos thoroughly, ,.~
.    l i I i and then, having, discovered some picture-cords in the
 kcyin your so thatyon may be gs- room, with which he bound him so that he could not 
 t is in your possession,’ Ngxg I bﬁndfgld you escape, he straightened up and viewed his work.  L
, ii and then I turn you about several times, Then, “I strongly suspect‘ what is on the other side of that
I L  you start £0;-wgpd in Search of ’}he door, through which you expected me to rush to my
   that»i£-iwiil not be ogsyeto ﬁnd‘:-! death,'i he said ina low tone, speaking as if the ‘man.ou{ 

fag aj4'o“d,~  if 9,, stow he heard We,.¢.aum._ the ﬂoor’ we're not for the moment beyond the power of "
 4”’  — l ' ‘   W ‘  , hearing. “I have already realized that this room is ‘much’

  
 

  
  
   

 

 be—:»§x¢lai; . oi , y ' » ~ r ::trrIx1er-l1l:l1}ankit' should’ be, and un1ess_I am mistak6i!"‘?*l\.g
   “_’°“;F‘”_“* P"! i ‘_*’i “W Y?“ ’?‘“f°i Witvli!the°ll:'ey in his handhe approached the door. The
.   d°°" ‘Us keyhole was not difiichlt to ﬁnd, notwithstanding what
leg: to: rush inside and -toabrxng away with ‘you S ’ ' '
. ., . ’ . I

 
 
    
  

  
 
     

i am  V y __ fw . _ I ' antillos had said abo\it it. and after a moment Nick
«t“""'.- * ~  “.‘~; °.f“7’“.‘°’ ° “"7? _, pushed the door‘oP€hi into the space beyond it.

, 2,, ' ' - He started back then, in some dismay, for a vohnne 

   
 

 
 

_‘.. ‘V’.

 / , .  ’

     
  
  
  

   

"N ‘’   . ~ " V .  .- steam rushedinto the room where he was 
  mu” ti" ‘m§.'“.pt in 2 it wasso hot that it almost"scalded him. 

, _ i     p .r . p _ "so": said the detective, pulling the door=s1_1ut'&  
   3 haudkerch'5elﬁ7  and turning towardthe prostrate ﬁgiiie on the 
9‘ Pocket»  it  si:.p’7A+ir;slnow~s:ar.ingl»gs him with widely distended eyes, 
’ '   1. pt 5 ._,;" ,is,1£ow,you:ri§dv‘yoirraelt~ofyourcnemies,isit? gBrrri’4'{
 'S,udd£nly*‘he-bethought hiinself, ’ ' _ I. 1

L  i_  VHer'¢.-at his krnercy, was the than who

‘ A N ‘ 56 i<*ish’esita-;lxa¢ov ‘hsfé. d§rectly'a£ 
 _ as: as r 

    
  

     
 

  
       
   

      

 

     

M \/ \ NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY. 25 p "‘
. pith": grim smile on his face he approached Santillos, tions answered. I shall ask them and you will reply. If
, the fact that the outlaw was not aware that you refuse to answer, and if I discover that you are
~wai?‘not the_Manuel Primitivo he appeared to be, be lying, into the hot water you go. Is that suﬂiciently
« ' led down upon him, and in Manuel's voicehe asked plain?”

Spanish : ‘ . _ “Yes.”

 Juan Santillos, have you any argument to. make "I am not quite sure that I shall not drop you through

    
 
   
   
   
  
 
  
   
   
 
   
  
   
 

 Ishould not pitch you into the hot water?” that door, anyhow, It all depends upon you and your
‘ Sautillos cduldmot reply, by reason of the .gag that replies to my questions. If you answer readily and if
a his tongue.i ‘ you tell the truth, I may conclude not to do sc. It all

p ‘Then Nick, still with the outward air of the man he depends upon yourself.”
' w« A ted himself to be, strode to the-.dbor again and "1 will answer.” ‘ ~
e. .. .it_°p¢n,'and while the steam rushed into the room, “See that you do so.’ Where is Carmen Glenn?"
Imnrned to the side of the helpless man and raised him "She is 11636; in this house.”

the ﬂoor.‘ A X i ' ' “Oh, I knew that. Whereahouts in the house is she?"

' Spaniard was too terrified to struggle. He’ hung “In 8 (Dom at the northwest corner; a room '—;» ” Ni‘
in the grasp of the detective, and there was, tic “I was aware of that fact also, so you see how foolish
jthat he expected at that minute to be cast bodily it will be for you to attempt to deceivqme.” i

 ']m' g‘ :i‘nf¢mo' 9f the ditch  . ‘ "Yes. I shall not make such an attempt.” I
 the d¢1¢¢5.,,d;,ew near; to the door, he paused “You are wise. You are the__ man who stole her, are

‘?  down his burden. . e V ‘r V , Y0“ 001?” i
'}eaig;.z "izesaid in,Eng_lish, '‘*I am not Manuel “Yes-” . 
" ,IV‘aiu»*Niek.eCarter._“.-.‘f was nht aware of‘ the “Eighteen‘years ago-” ’ - 
 imewl  a little while ago, when _“Yes-” . . 
i‘ " ”  to ,men%io. ”  mrny, own L‘But “What relation does she bear to you now?” '
 . L p I  1  m i’m°W;,Fwh5  «Do ‘you? “None; save that of a prisoner?”
,.hc7a=d ifyou deg» ,  e  .  ~ v ' = “Is she a willing prisoner?” .
  as‘ directed to C13. ' i", . 5 7 For an instant the eyes of the outlaw gleamed wickedlye, L
 Nick u1f‘y'Ou know me 0,. know as if he would have liked to ‘tell something that was not ,_ V.
i in a_b-put me, you should 15¢ quite wen awa,‘-e wholly the truth; but a signiﬁcant glance toward 
_ gut“-’ 1 bag ‘of the mm in the ‘work; who door convinced him that it would be utter folly to do such
. , . A I ‘ p Q .

S’

  
        
 
     
    
   
 
      
    
 
    
   
    

    

 
 
  

vi  3 a thing, andhe, replied: ' .
.“No." ‘ e ' . . - \. ’

have to“), mw..._‘ 7 “Does she know who she is ?’ “ p . .‘. by
4 ;_, do , . ' H “Yes. Once in a pﬁt of anger  told her the ,\vhb,le”
 ‘er ‘sf h;mdy_', fa“ story. Sinee; that time she has hated me. Elie always _‘
v ‘ ' ‘ disliked and distrusted me, evenlwiieii I did iris most re;-_
her; but after ‘that?-y-fshe hastwice tried toistab me since [‘
then.” I   ."i. it ’ 3 4: L
“Does she  that  is alive?” _ M f _ .

  

 iswand how you
‘ it‘; don’:
i   I '

    
   
  

  

  

§..

  mad he i*i.#ir was 9%

 
   

    
 
  
   
  
     
   
   
  
   
 
  
 
   
       
   
 

b f«.."‘7And~isn't. it true that those fabulous mines of yours in

,= ,.«Guerrera beloné to her, through her mother's family?”
“Yes.” .

“Well, the time for you to make restitution has’ come.

 are my prisoner, Santillos, and now I propose to
make-C very important‘ use of you.”

 

 

CHAPTER XII‘.
THE RESCUE.

 detective’s first act afterthat was to direct the
 chieftain to divest himself of his outer clothing,
hilehe himself did the same with the costume he had
__ ,.wed~oi Manuel; but while they were both so en-
 Nick stood at the opposite side of the room with
"  within easy reach. while he hadi.deprive.d
aasu':km5£.ai1 thathe possessed. i ' . e

 done. they 'exchan'ged~garmeut8:'8nd presently it
tfhpejareti-as if they had false exchanged personalities, for
again  his prisoner so that he could ‘not re~
~  made his faceup so exactly in imitation of
 fit that it appeared for thetime as if there were
I gt two Manuels in the room: ‘ ‘

n v

gtchd notlougremain so.

if

he tnﬂnufactured for himself‘-a  mustache
 V:  of Saatillosﬂaud having attached ‘it to
 to_ the requisite shaperhe added
‘   there.‘ did  so deftly that
  ppiitiberwete exactly changed.
; A   snow. to} all“ appearance,

   
 
    
  

  

     

  

   
  

.~*i.~"'°',f~ ‘,1 4;  ﬁn’ .7 2 in ;s_». :3  (3 V-_.  .-<.. _-.- ~_« ;4

NEW NICK CARTER VVEEKLY.’ 

_  Santillos obeyed, but received no response. He 

V . .  : ' V v A  . éiigecond time, and still there was silence. \
 Wwhmaﬁa  detective had brought e

 a__a§ti“1$,r,:'c_k,7fiv‘ho,'hae £q‘r’me'rt5_« been the ‘ ’

‘  b9c_k..out:  "

standing into that crazy head of yours. Now, we will 5,

ﬁrst close that door into the ditch. So. That is right.
“Now, if you please, you will open the door into the 5

patio, and after that you will lead the way to the room '

that is occupied by Carmen Glenn. The key, I suppose,

is inone of the pockets of this suit I have on; no P” 

“Yes." , .-‘ , A

“Lead on, then. Don't forget the cautions I have given
you. To forget them would be for you to court instant
death.” ~“~‘»
’ Thus they took up the march.

They crossed the patio, ascended the stairs to the gal-
lery, passed along that and through ‘a corridor to a second
patio, and thence to a third, where there was a third story i
to the building. I

1 Here they mounted to another gallery which they 
traversed‘, and presently approached a heavy door that 3
was set into the walls of stone at the northwest corner oil 
the building; and here Santillos came to a halt. ‘ 

‘f.T_hat is the door to her room,” said the outlaw, pa.us- 
ing and pointing toward it. I “

 ’"Ver'y good,”-replied Nick.

 
 

 
  

“Knock upon it.”

{:“Sorneth/ing has happened,” he exclaimed, and Nick
saw by the expression oi his face that he was in  ,
 what he said. ‘She has never failed to reply to myf:
summons before.“ a A V I“ ,

“Here is the key,"-: said the detective, giving it to 

“Open the dodr and enter." _ .
. _ . .
In it moment the lock was turned‘and the doorwae

thrown open._l§ut silence rnetthem as before, and a  ,-
told‘ both that the big, square roan} was not tenanted.‘
. But one of the longafrench windows which 

    
 
 

  
     
  
  
     

V. to the ﬂoor stood. wide open.’ and. Nick pushed his  1-:
 forward, tovthat, for he had no wish to 
joutlavwtoget  him. evenforhnratnent. , y '
« I . » The balcony upon which} the Lwindqw. opened was 
z  qnoiceupiedgand just; aa.Nic_k. was about to push the f‘ '5
V l   itand then ;follow.  to 
   Gig}; bullet against the stone

      
    

   

tlieugaudthe  of argnolver, 

    
 

 Then Niéliiéseféd ivtmb  c-«~ei.iuu.  

 
 

  
  
 

     

  

   
 
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
    
   
   
   
    
     
   
 

 that Ted Strong and Bud Morgan had got ahead
 that particular, for at that very instant Ted was
N u; out of sight up the steep‘ bank of the butte with
.u- Glenn in his arms, while Bud was waiting near
 with a revolver in either hand, prepared to punc-
_ the first head that showed itself to interfere with
retreat.
- , Nick laughed again; for he remembered at that
2 as if he did show himself, Bud would un-
‘ .. y shoot him; for did he not look exactly as if he
V the outlaw chief in person?
ello, there, Bud !” he called out, in his own natural
v “what are you shooting at?”
 sure shootin’. at thejrst head that shows up, mis-
Tdrawled Bud in reply. “You can't fool me, Loco, by
., a_ voice. ,Keep your head out of sight, or I’ll
‘. hole “in it.” E 5 0 e
'ﬁm:eet'you attire ranch, Bud,” called Nick, laughing
inspite ‘of  .
 mister,’   _ I'll have a rope ready
‘_ hands to haul on it.” I p
  an’¢§l,= with a bound, disappeared from

  

   

it i  T of -   and with the

      
     
     
   
    
   
 

i oil: of he"avy card"; such as trapezeperforrners
V ,_  when they "fall. ‘Howl it came there

idea at» that moment, but that it had been the
 Carntcu Glenn safely to the bank of
5was sure. - . V J‘ V _

  
    

* um srtxilelvblit‘ Nick turned on him quickly.
. ; sflan, Loco," he said, “that I will
 is absolutely
’  rescued by another part of

  
     
     
     
 
   

NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

 _: it arifﬁngi thoelltor ‘water below.- fwas ,a .

‘ - o léasselsravea rather too lseg,-~ said the -

, --mo

  some  let you go again, 

    

27

He spoke with a voice, acted with the manner, and
used the gesticulations of the outlaw chief, while beside.
him appeared to stand the Guerreran, Manuel.

There was not one among the men who stood respect~
fully around them who had an idea that the scene was

__ otherwise than as it appeared to be; and when Nick utv ,

tered the order that his favorite horse be brought, and I
that Manuel’s horse was also wanted, the two were
brought to them without delay.‘

There was one man from the group who stepped for-

ward and askedpif he was not wanted to accompany
‘them; but Nick waved him back again.

And then, as they started to ride away, he_ half-turned
‘in his saddle and said: 

“I mly be absent for some time, but I shall send Manuel
back here, and during my absence he will act as your
chief. If I hear that there is one of you who refuses to
obey him absolutely, it will be worse for that man. Re-
member, Manuel Perimitivo is to,be your chief until tn
return, with power as absolute as my‘ own." 

And then the two men rode away, side by side, pres-
ently disappearing from view from the castle, around a
headland of the butte. i

“You are going to treat me generously, I see,” said
Santillos, when they were out upon the plain. “I thank
you..”. l V I ‘
“How is that?” asked Nick. “‘I do not understand.‘

“Did you not say that: you would send Manuel back
again, as their chief i’’’‘ . ‘V  ‘V

“Yes.” ' ~ , I '

“Am I not Manuel, now?”

“No. You are what you always wer.e,and I suspect
always will be-—a scouhdrel. As for Manuel, the is at»
Mr. Strong’s ranch, awaiting our return. I shall send
him here to reform that crew of yours and to turn your
robbers into vaqueros. As for you—-—You are goinggto
New York with ‘me :0 see a certain Richard Claim.” A_ ix

_“(_}reat' Heaven! would  take me there—-to him

“Yes.”‘   l i . "

  
 

«ll, would  "irjlu.-‘ did ; but so iwon’t.‘-v,

 

  

\. p.

  

 Pity-A" ‘

   
   
   
   
   
   
  
 
 
  
    
  
   
  
     
  
     
   
    

as ” NEW NICK CARTER WEEKLY.

to the castle to ask for Manuel Primitivo, to tell him that “I begin to understand," replied Nick.
therescue had already been accomplished; and as a mat- easy.
tor of fact they came near to using Nick rather harshly
before’ they discovered his identity under the disguise as her".
the outlaw chief. and «well, I went across and got her.”
And then Ted Strong explained how the rescue had,

i happened as it did. ‘'

Before he and Bud started out for the butte, Ted re-
called the faet that there was such a net as has been de-
scribed on the ranch, and they took it with them. It was
1 that had been rescued from the wreck of a circus that
i had dared to penetrate to that locality once, and now it
came in rather handy.

=‘,“When we arrived on the scene,” said Ted, in explain;
ing it to Nick, ‘.‘the young woman was on‘ the balcony and

_‘law as before we could get out of sight. She called to
Iltts, and then she told us who she was and begged us to
- ; rescue her.” '

S)

cerned in her rescue.

seen since she was ﬁve years old.

#49’ 3- ‘$23
THE END.

 

‘C

._..........o..___..——._...

Asom THE EARLY

mm or me TOP WEEKLY

wlinodu hundreds of letters ovary wool: from re1'ders<uk“x‘1g if we can supply the early numbers of"l‘ip 'l;<‘>,1:containiug

 

!tut'I‘ndnuturu. In every one we oreobliged to reply! at number: 1 to 800 are entirely out of rust. would like
tteeu the attention of. our readers to the feet that the Frank Mcrrlwell stories now bein Ppublish in book form in the
lads! lbs-on are tnclueiw onhou early numbers. The ant book to appear was No. 150 entitled ' rank Merriwelrs Schooldn 3.”
We give herewith a com lete list of all stories that have been published in book form up to the time of writing‘. We wll be
glad to send I ﬁne comp eto catalogue of the Medal Library which is just ﬁlled with good things for boys, upon receipt of a one-
out stomp to cover postage. ‘ .

MEDAL LIBRARY
AT I9 GENTS
292—~Frank Merriiyelli Hard Luck.
296--Frank Mem'well's Protégé.
3oo——Frank Merriwell on the Road.
3o4—Frank Merriwell's Own Company.
3o8——Frank Merriwt-.ll’s Fame.
312v-Frank Merriwell’s College Chums.
* 316--Fnnlc Men-iwell's Problem.
320-Frank Merriwv.-ll's Fortune.
_ 324--Frank Merriwell's New Comedian.
' zoo--Frank Mcfrfwellk Sports Alleld. 328——Frank Merr.iwell’s Prosperity.
» , 2:3~.—Frank Mernwelrs keen. . , 332-—l'-‘rank Men-iwell's Stage Hit.
‘ 137-Fnnl: Mcrriwellfo Bicycle Tour. . ’ ‘ 336-— rank Mel-riwell's Great Scheme.
, 325--Frank Men-iwell's Courage. . 34o-- rank Merriwell in England.
, 3' 329—Fran.k Merriwelfa Daring. . —-Frank Merriwell on the Boulevards.
H   Memwclfn Athletes, V 3 Frank Merriwell’s Duel.
5 ' »..2,37-+-Frank Merriwelfsg Skill, ‘ 352-—-Frank Mm-iwell‘s Double Shot.
':'  Mcrriwellki Championl. 356-—Franlt Merriwell's Baseball Victories.
' ,‘a¢4—- ranlt Me'_rriwell's um to Yale. lsso--Frank Mernwel,l's'Conﬁdenee. —
. ; a47«-—Fnnk Merriwell’s Secret. 362-Frank Merriwelrs Auto.
¢ . 35!-.-e-Fnnllf‘Merriwel1'a~I)anger. 365--Frank Men-iwel1‘s Fun. .
.3 Frank Merrlwsllig A lty. . , _ .168-Frank Mem_well’s Generosity.
£1’;-.:nk ‘lgemw lg to V mp. ' ‘ . . pl 37:-—-granl; I‘t{dernv{e%ll"s '_¥riclts. ’_ _
j link. ‘ mtw _e '_s neutron. J 374* 9!" ¢ﬂ1‘ﬂ 9 0‘ emtltb-t10!|~
167-» mil: Me:-riwell’s Cm: ' . 377,-Frank Memwell on Top.

V _ 1 . MBDAE LIBRARY
* V V . AT’I0¢EN'l'$
150-—Frank Merriwell's Sehooldaysr
*l67—-Frank Merriwell’s Chtirns; .
178--Frank Merri.well's Fqes. ,
l84~—-¢Frank Merriwelfs Trip West;
:89-Frank Merriwell Down‘ South.
xg,3_.—-I'.~‘ranlt Merriwell's Bravery. 9 .‘ V
»‘ t97--Fran|eMeri'iweIl's ‘I-(tinting Tour. »
1 f am-—Fru‘n|t Merriwellliamarope.
305--S-Frank Merrlwell at.Yale.

  
 

    

F . tztt~--'¥'nnl:;.ll6ar:§we{t'c.,, 41' ll GBNII. «ammo and
thuk ._ will ' 38o—-Frank ¢!’r.lwell’s Luck.
, Ffllllt _  Mﬁwgllis ﬁiascotg
__ L ., t ‘W I  d. .

M4,-.rriwell's“: Phantom. .,

"The rest was ‘

“Yes. She caught one end of a rope that Bud threw to
With that she pulled over to her one end of the net;

There need be said nothing here about the manner in
which that young‘woman thanked all who were con-
It is sufficient to state that ulti~
mately she was restored to her father, whom she had not ;

' And Senor Don Juan Santillos? Loco Juan? He so i
companied Nick also to see that father, and was ulti-
mately dismissed by him; but of the things that happened
in connection with him afterward»-that is another story. i

The next number, 526, of this weekly will be “A
, Double Mystery; or, Nick Carter's Strong-hand Play." 1

E. 1

 

. ...‘;k"¢.:f"I'v is .4 VH1 ,'~

    
   
   
   
    
     
 
 
      
      
  
      
   

   

he Nick Carter Weekly

  
  
  
 
  
 
    
  
 
  
  
   
   
   
    
      
    
   
   
     
 
  
   
  

‘ UED EVERY SATURDAY.

T

Glee with all kinds of criminals.

1" I21.

0

.,,. .353: ARE THE

‘ V ‘The Man of‘-Many Faces; or, Nick Carter Behind
‘ the Scenes. C C ,,

_. ;A Letter From the Dead; 01‘, Nick Carter’s Proud-

* : est Moment. .  ‘ ,‘

Bare-faced Jimmy, the Gentleman Crook ; or, Nick

' [V Carter's Amazing Ex eriment.

The Gentleman Crook’: st Act; or, Nick Carter

 . and the -Haunted House. .

, The “Skidoo” of the K. U. &/T.; or, Nick Carter‘:
‘ Great Train Robbery Case. A_

The‘Last of the Outlaws; or, How Nick Carter

* Stopped the ‘.‘Cannon:bal1.’.’

« iok Carter’s Twin Mystery; or, The Secret of the

V T Green Automobiles. ' ' _

;f‘, Battle of Wits; or, Nick Carter's Fight for I_.x£e.
'  of Five Millions; or, Nick Carters Fight

,-With a Fiend. . 5

 . the Poiscner; or, Nick Carter's Strangest

 Experience. .. ‘ _ _

Plot ofgthe Poisoner; or, Nick Carter_’s Hair-

, th Esea .
'  péiant: or;-_f1‘en-Iehi Plays a Lane

and« - .. . ‘ , -
 ~Unknow'n.; or, Nick Carter’: Blindfold

'.Mystei_-y.
{Oametous
, . rm’. ‘ I 7. ‘ . ’ .

;fM'g¢1¢y’g’ Ghost; or, Nick Carters Des-
 _ystery.; or, Nick Carter’: Blood-
 d_ntlxe._fScent.1 ‘

Woman; or, Nick Carter Faces a

   

 

  79  em-e.   

 

 
 

HANDSONIEST COLORED COVERS

K“No other detective library contains stories that are half so inter-
’. Nick Carter has been all over the world and has had experi-

That’s why, boys, his adventures holds one's interest from cover
 cover. There is no brutality in Nick's pmake-up-—‘he does not need it
heuseshiswits. Donotfailtogetthelatestnumberfromyour

PRICE FIVE. CENTS PER COPY

Ft sale by all newsdulm, or uni, by the publlsllers to any addms upﬂﬂ '°°°‘P’ ‘ll P'i°| in money or postage stamps

_.?

LATEST TITLES-:

52I—The Mysterious Stranger; or, Nick Carfer’s Com-
plex Case.

522—The White Arm of a ‘Woman: or, Nick Carter’s
Desperate Chase.

523—The Man in the Doorway; or, Nick Carter’s Con-
quest of 21 Castle.

524--The Plot of the Baron; or, Nick Carter’s Telling

A Strategy.

525-—The Passenger on the Night Local; or, Nick Car-
ter's Perfect Disguise. .

S2C>—A I1))<13uble Mystery; or, Nick Cartei-‘s Strong-hand

3}’

527--—Cla1-ice, the Countess; or, Nick Carter’s Motor- A

boat Chase.
528——Clarice, the Woman Detective; or, Nick Cartcr’s
; Titled Assistant.
529——The Index of Seven Stars; or, Nick Carter Finds
the Hidden City.

530'—An Amazonian Queen;.or, Nick Carter Becomes a '

Gladiator. 1
53I——A Blackmailer’s Paradise; or, Nick Carter Dis.
covers the Hidden Hand. ~

‘532--Gipsy Madge, the Black-mailer; or, Nick Carter-’s

-First-class Bluff.

S33‘-Facing an Unseen Terror; or, Nick Cartel-’s Day
of Blunders;

534-—Idayah, the Woman of Mystery; or, Nick Carter's V , 

' Fourfold Problem. A
535-—'I‘he—Making of a- King; or, Nick Carter Faces Hi:
, Greatest Mystery. ' .

 

 
    
    
 

  

 

 

B||FFAl.0 Blll STORIES

ISSUED EVERY TUESDAY.

 

BEAUTIFUL OOLORED OOVERS

Buffalo Bill Wins his way into the heart of every
one who reads these strong stories of stirring adventure
on the wide prairies of the West.

Boys, if

you want” tales of the West that are

drawn true to life, do not pass these by.
PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY

For sale by all newsdealers, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postagfstamps

HERE ARE THE

278--Buﬁalo Bill’s Daring Plunge; or, The Grisly Ghost
of Mahoe.

279-Buﬂalo Bill’s Desperate Mission; or, The Round-
up in Hidden Valley.

280-—Buffalo Bill's Ghost Raid; or, Hot Times at Bubble
Prieking. ;

281--—-Buffalo Bill's Traitor Guide; or, The Vengeance

. of Alkali Pete. '

282-——Buﬁ’alo Bill's Camp—ﬁres; or, The Bad Man of
Snake «River Crossing.

283-—Buffalo Bill Up a Stump; or, The Pawnee Faker‘ of
the Bitter Root.

A 384---Buffalo Bill's Secret Foe ; ‘or, The Wizard of Windy

Gulch. -
285--Buifalo Bill’s Master-stroke; or, The Specter of
Death Valley.

‘V386-—Buﬁailo Bill and the Masked Mystery; or, Teton

John, the Half-breed.

287--—Buﬂ’alo Bill and the Brazos Terror; or, The Lone
Star Outlaws. -

288-—Buﬁalo Bill’s Dance of Death; or, The Night
Hawks of Snake River.

289-—Buffalo Bill‘-and the Creeping Terror; or, The
Black Spider of the Shoshones.

‘ Sago-—BuEalo Bill and the Brand of Cain; or, The Wan-

. daring Jew of the‘ Plains.
29!--Buffalo Bill and the Mad Millionaire; or,
Redskin Rovers. !

The

“'a92—-Buavaio Bill’s Medicine-lodge; or, The’ White

Queen of the Kickapoos.

;. ao3«--.-Buffalo Bill in Peril; or, The Red Amazons of

the Niobrarah. ~

 

LATEST TITLES:

294——Buffalo Bill’s Strange Pard; or, Wolfer Joe on
the War—path. ,

295—Buffalo Bill in the Death Desert; or, The VVorship
of the Phantom Flower.

296—Buffalo Bill in No Man's Land; or, The Sky-mir-
ror of the Panhandle.

297——Buﬁ'alo Bill's Border Ruﬂians; or, The Desperate 

Game of Panther Pete.

298—BuPfalo Bill's Black Eagles; or, The Snake-master
from Timbuctoo.

299-Buffalo Bill's Desperate Dozen; or, The Raiders of
Round-Robin Ranch.

300--Buffalo Bill's Rival; or, The Scalp—l1unter of the
N iobrarah.

3oI—BtiPIt'{ala) Bill’s Ice Chase; or, The Trail of the Black

1 e. .

302-Buffalo Bill and the Boy Bugler; or, The White
Flower of Fetterman Prairie.

303——Buﬁ‘alo Bill and the White Specter; or. The Mys-
terious Medicine-man of Spirit Lake.

3o4——Buffalo Bill’s Death Defiance; or, The Bad Men of -
Timber Bar. . ‘

3o5—But¥alo Bill and the Barge Bandits; or, The Demon
of VVolf River Caﬁon. (

3o6—Bui’falo Bill, the Desert Hotspur; or, Pizen Jane, of
Cinnabar.

3o7—Buffalo Bill’s Wild Range Riders; or, The Venge-
ance of Crazy Snake.

308-Buffalo Bill’s Whirlwind Chase; or, The Mustang

T Catchers of Bitter Water.

3o9——BuﬁaIo Bill’s Red Retribution; or, The Raid of the
Dancing Dervishes.

 If you want any back numbers of our lvihraries and cannot procure them from your news-
 they can beobtained from this oﬁce direct. Postage stamps taken the same as money.

 a sum, ifubiisners, 79 Seventh Avenue, NEW yoaxcnrgt

   

 

  

 RAVE AND BOLD

it

UED EVERY WEDNESDAY. BEAUTIFUL coi.oREo COVERS

  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
        

There are a large number of boys to whom stories about the same
haracters, week after week, become monotonous. It was to suit these

ellows that we published BRAVE AND. BOLD. '
 Each story is full 30,000 words in length and is [complete in itself,
ving no connection with any that went before or will come after.

i:0n't miss these.
PRICE FIVE VCENTS PER COPY

Gr tab by all newsdoalm, or sent, by the publishers to any address upon receipt of price in money or postage stamps

T
T

  ARE TEIE LATEST TITLES:

v - Coirwzfs White Clue; or, Trailing the Diamond 2o3'—-Young_Mave_rick,V the Boy From Nowhere; or, The Ten-
- 'fters. By ihépector Robert Barnes. _ dertoot 011 King of Texas. By Sam Rusher.
Tracked Across urope; or, .The Clue of the Moving 2o4—Tom, the Mystery Boy; or, Trziiled By a Secret Shadow.
' _ Pictures. By Lawrence Whine, Jr. By Robert Reid. -
-- Colorado; or, A Cowboy's Fight.for Fortune. By 205-Foothght Phil; or, From Ca1l—boy to Star. By Manager
Albert W. Aiken. _ Henry Abbott. \
ptain Mystery; or, The Brave Girl of Boulder Bar. By 206-The Sky Smugglers; or, Gordon Keith’s Great Balloon
Herbert Bellwood. _ Chase. By Lawrence White, Jr.
erV$al1ie;_or,_ The Three Queer Pards of Poker Pocket. 2o7—Bart. Benne_r's Mine; or, The Boy Who Got There. By
“B J. C. Cowdriek.‘ Lieut. Lionel Lounsbcrry. »
Theilanch Raiders; or, Secret of the Golden Dagger. By 208-The Young Ranchman; or, Bart Benner Going It Alone.
, r_‘Capt. Hal Hazelton. ' By the author of “Bart Benner’s Mine."
‘Biptisui of Fire; or, At the Front With the 1395- 3)’ 209-—Bart Benner’s Cowboy Days: or, The Young Hunter ‘oi
jug; Duran, , - the Big Horn. By the author of “Bart Benrier’s Mine.”
‘The Border Nomad; -or, Sharper Stokes’ Double.Deal. 'By 210-—-Gordon Keith in Java; or, The Search for the Lost Wild
"I-lei/'bcrt_Belhivood. . Animal Taker. By Lawrerice.White, Jr. a
-Mallory’s Stru le; or, Friends and Foes At West 211-Ned I-}awley’s Fortune; or, Lost in the Heart of New York.
Paint. B Lieut. red Garrison U 5 A By Herbert Bellwood. ‘ ‘

    
  
   
       
  
 
  
     
   
 
   

I

no; or, The Sharks and Shariis of New York. 2I2—Under_False Colors; or,_ Dick Dangerﬁeld‘s Mystery. By
 _ Police Captain M_annii!g. . _ -'
h ; or, The Boy Sleuth of Kansas. By Richard 2i.3——Bagﬁ. tlhaedBcg' l3ketCCf1flVe; or, Following a Warm Trail. By
‘Z_‘. <  -icr acsta.
may-in W‘;z;rd;t’ or, Through Air and Water to the 214-—Ori_the Pampas; or, A Strange Chase Across South Amer.
ﬂak, gi Emerson B . _ _ ~ . ica. _By Lawrence VVhite. Jr. , _ _~

 3dowt;ﬂo;-, Solving a Double Mystery. By 2i5—11ieP°(,.‘ii;i:nE<>ar'i)ta(i2!l1ueN;IaIc:ti‘-,inlg)ick Dangerﬁeld: Mission. By
iaiitn of tgie : ::‘>_r:vF‘ightin¢ For the Foot- 216-At Eliearlligd ﬁlo:-Sea; or, Herr Driesbach, the Lion King. By
p¢n,.m_ n e . _ . .
m5'¢,_g1;¢){igh‘_:1.;¢y;-y;ictl§e‘;3l:>err,tter§ odr, The Biggest News r 217-—R!ﬂ§I gnrst Rod; or. A Cruise Down the Lake. By J, M,
 Ram ' ei V . ' 1 . ‘ ~
uu_§'i'auﬁ&g;‘§r, The ,Yo9ns Coal Mine Ferret [ 218-Pug: for Life. By Colonel Prentiss 1...
-ﬂekud‘ A ‘ta . " t V — ‘ .

r _t--

    
   

 

rm-imam olanrlibnrloe
hunk and send’ti to
223?: an nosey. “'

1 .

euuiotprooineth from iodeol boobhtnodti-and can I
‘emhthewleeot  wan°Q':ndm:r’o%IeIdthInitoyouﬂii; I-etur-um

  

 
  

2.

see

.. ' jpmuuui 79 mam uénse.im'u York om. _ , t ‘ .\ is.
I‘ I   i i I  - iﬁyoevclltuiooncuultlcocolnnonllntillII ----u---°W&“mm M 3*"-I---OI---no-::Ic---i-onnu.-note _ ‘i V

 

   

" '’‘IV' ‘"9 “.9 )'0O-....-.....
”..   W upyneihurooon Ly-up---ooonnovoooocq

   

      

z.-~.-_, ; - ~--

 
 

..., .... u...-....h...; 9;

T K 1%,.’ . —__;-_‘ i

'1.

 

  

 

 

 

ISSUED EVERY FRIDAY

[us TIP ‘l'0P WEEKLY

HANDSOME COLORED covans

Never has Burt L. Standish written such interesting tales of the
adventures of the Merriwell brothers, Frank and Dick, as are now appear-

ing in this weekly.

Mr. Standish has a world-wide circle of friends and

he is putting forth his best efforts to amuse and entertain them. Boys,

you haye no idea of what a grand feast he is preparing for you.

Tip

Top’s stories are going to astonish you. Do" not fail to buy this library.
PRICE FIVE CENTS PER COPY '

For sale by an newsdealers, or sent, postpaid, by the publishers upon receipt of price in money or postage sfamps

HERE ARE THE

533--Dick Merriwell’s Summer Team; or, Baseball in

the Blue Hills.

534—Dick Merriwell’s Demand; or, The Draw at Mad-
awaska.

535--Dick Merriwell’s Slabmate; or, The Boy from
Bloomﬁeld.

536--Frank Merriwell's Summer Camp; or, The Athletic-
school in the Woods.

537—Frank Merriwell’s Proposal; or, Starting the Sport
in the League.

9 538-—Frank Merriwe1l’s Spook-hunters; or, The Mys-

terious Island of Mad Lake.

539--Dick Merriwelfs Check; or, The Hot Bunch From
Happy Camp.

540-Dick Merriwell's Sacriﬁce; or, Team Work That
Told. -

'54!-—-Dick Merriwell’s Heart; or, Breaking the Hard

. Luck Streak.

54z—.Frank Merriwell's New Auto; or, The Lure to

 Destruction. T. .

543--Frank Merriwell's Pride; or, The Double-Header
at Pineville.  T

544--Frank Merriwcll’s Young Winners; or, The Stars

‘ in the Blue Hills. ° '

545--Dick Merriwell’s Lead; or, Bound .13 Hold First

Place.

A ‘546—Dick Merriwell’s Inﬂuence; or, On the Right Road

At Last.
547---Dick Merriwell’s Top‘ Notch; or, Against Odds.
— ‘ Fate, and Scheming".

 Ifyoufaataaybaekaumbersofourlibrarieiunclcannot
  obtained from this officc direct. -Portage stamp: taken’ the same as money.

  £1-‘

‘S .

LATI-:sT TITLES:

548-—Frank l\Ierriwell’s Kids; or, The Werld Beaters In
New York. .

549——F rank Merriwell’s Kodakers; or, Hunting Big
Game Without Guns.

550--—Dick Merriwell, Freshman; or, First Days at Yale.

551-—Dick Merriwel1’s Progress; or, The First Chance
on the Field.

532—Dick Merriwell, Half-back; or, Getting into the
Game at Last. T

553——Dick Merriwell’s Resentment; or; In Defense of
His Honor.

554--Dick Merriwell Repaid; or, The Heart.of Oﬂicer
Maloney. ; ‘

555--Dick Men-iwell’s Staying Power; or, The Great
Game at New Haven.

556—Dick Me:-riwell‘s “Push"; or, The Victim of the
“Flying Mare.”

557—Dicl< Merriwell’s Running; or, The Meet at .\ie-
chanics’ Hall.

558-Dick Merriwell’s Joke; or, Fun with the\Jumping
Frenchman. l

559-—Dick Merriwell’s Seven; or, The Scr'ub~Tliat Made ' A

the Regulars “Go Some."

56o——Dick Merriwel1's Partner; or, The Boy from

; 1 Texas.

56:-Dick Merriwell in the Tank; or, Rushing the Regu-

'- lars at Water Polo. '

56g—Frank Merriwell’s Captive ;.or, The Folly of Ches-
.ter Arlington.

563-Frank Merriwell’s Trailing; or, The Flightof a
Fool. 

4

J

 

your ll¢'|d¢Gl¢ﬂ;"th¢7 e 

8:; SMITH, Publishers, 79 Seventh Avenue, NEW YORK 

  

     

THE FAVORITE LIST

OF FIVE-CENT LIBRARIES

    
   

  

Nick Carter Weekly‘

We know, boys, that there is no need of introducing to
you Nicholas Carter, the greatest detective that ever
lived. Every number containing the adventures of Nick
Carter has a peculiar, but delightful power of fascination.

 
   
 
    
  

   

   

‘ RIDER WEEKLY BRAVE AND BOLD

 Ted Strong was appointed deputy lll3l- Every bov who prefers Variety . V, _

' shal by accident, but he resolves to use his _ ' '_ - v
  authority and rid his ranch of some very ‘n h15 reading mutter: Our‘-liht to
 tough bullies. He does it in such a slick he 3 reader of Bi-ave and Bold.

' way that everyone calls him “King of the I . _
Wild West” and he certainly deserves his A” these were wntten by ‘mthors

title. Sioo in cash are given to the I’cadcI‘s who are past masters in the art
of this publication, every three moiitlis. of telling boysv Stories Every
Buy a copy and learn how to come in for a _ _

tale IS complete in itself.

shareofit.
DIAMOND DICK WEEKLY

These are stories of the adven- The demand for stirring stories
tures of boys who succeeded in of Western adventure is admir-
climbing the ladder of fame by ably tilled by this library. Every
honest effort. No more inter- up-to-date boy ought to read just ,‘ _,
esting tales can be imagined. how law and order are estab- 
Each numberis at least one-third lished and maintained on our ‘
longer than the ordinary ﬁve- Western plains by Diamond Dick,
cent library. Bertie, and Handsome Harry.

BOWERY BOY LI
_ , The adventures of a poor wait
V Buffalo Bill is the hero of a whose only name is -sgowery
I thousand exciting adventures Billy.” Billy is the true product
i among the Redskins_ These are of the streets of New York. No ,. g,
‘« _. . . boy can read the tales of his trials . ~ /_
" gwen to our boys only m the without imbibing some of that  
 BUHIIIO Bi" 5t07l35- The)’ are resource and courage that makes .7"

:'. bound to interest and please you. the character ofthis homeless boy I‘ ”
' stand out so prominently.

    
     
   
     
  

 
  
      
  
       
 

 
    

 

    

    
    
   
      
 

   

      

 
 

 
      
     
     
     
     
     
 

   

   

The Tip Top Weekly

Frank Merriwell and his brother Dick are known and loved by over one
hundred and fifty thousand of the best boys in the United States. They are
both clean-cut, vigorous fellows who dare tirdo right no matter what the
consequences. Get the current number. We are sure you will like it.

      

  

