BOYS, READ THE RADIO ARTICLES IN THIS NUMBER
(-1)  ,, NOVEMPER 14, 1924

  
 
  
 
   

No, 993 I   Price 8 Cents

§m22uE§‘@E@©~ewm mmgm Mm

@m)ﬁT‘vmg»1ﬂ]@l1.[Lz;3E3S§
an. A SMART anY1N_wA V ‘ TREET.,é’5Zrz»"-M

A/vo om»  / 

   

 
    

 
  

 

    

7-; " ,.. . ,. I :5.’ ~ '-= 3" "012. 
As Ir. Chiswell entered the room from his private omce. Fred advanced to the closet and threw
the door wide open. A weird-looking. block-haired giant of 1 man stalked forth
Hattie shrleked. dropped the cash drawer. and minted.

  _ W-

 ’ /i19eo~19s\ ’

SEND YOUR warn L\S‘a'.

 RALPH P, SNHTH
’ BOX 985

EAWRENCE, MASS.

BGOKS, MAGAZWES, NOVELS
Bought, Sold and Exchangad. Write for Skis
Out of Print Five Cent Novels, Our Speciaify
HAROLD G. LORANG, Darisn center, H’. V.

 

    
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
    
  
    
    
   
    
  
   
  
  

23d Street. New York, N.
,tlie Post-Omce at New York. N.

No. 998

CHAPTER I.—Out for the Dollars.

.. Fred Stanﬁeld, who had lately thrown up a
.§qxition he had _held for two years because -of
the personal spite of the cashier of the firm, ‘and
‘had immediately secured another that he liked
vet so much better, was a clever boy. The only
relative he had in the world was an aunt, who
.livod*in a small Connecticut town. He had lived
‘ﬂﬁ her until he graduated from the public
, wherrhe came to New York City and got
position in Wall Street as ‘office boy to William
, a stock broker.
He had a room on West 127th Street, and tool:
_ ineals at a restaurant. Being thrown entirely
his own resources had a tendency to make him
‘ H ‘ dent and self-reliant. Up to the time of
‘ lopening of this story he had managed to save
 his wages and the tips he occasionally got
hundred and thirty-five dollars, which he ‘wept
1. savings bank not far from the office building
' which he was employed.
He had just drawn the greater part of this
to make the necessary deposit on a ten
cant margin to secure twenty shares of G &
geek, which he had good reason to believe was
to be loomed by a clique of capitalists.
J3 unnecessary to into particulars about
w he obtained his bit of inside informa-
t is enough to say that he got it in a per-_
egitimate way, and he was smart enough
‘immediately advantage of the-chance thus
-~ to make a stake. Everybody in Wall
was out for the do1lars,’and our hero-was
'totherule. _.
«Fred's tip on C. & F. was undoubtedly a
fnewas evidenced inside of a day or two,
the shares advanced rapidly to 68. Mr.
 a ticket in his oﬂice, for his own
'  aamany customers for-whom he pur-
 as-tvell as mining stocks.
~ ' his purchase through a_ member of the
 whom he—had an arrangement
"commissions, In addition. to booming
~ "  8: Millir-2 Co?»-
and A _ East, Mr. Chiswell

 
     
   
  
  
  
   
  

   
  
  
   

  
 

 
 
 

NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 14, 1924

   . - Are You A  Fan? Read Page 24.
 . FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

Issued weekly-—Siibscrlptlon price. $4.00 per year! Canada, $4.50; Foreign. $5.00. Harry E. Wow. Publisher. inc., 1613
» ‘ West Y. Entered as Second~C1asa Hatter. Octobesrq-94. 1911,

at
1'.. under the Act of March 3. 1

Price 8 Cents.

 our 1-‘on THE DOLLARS
   E ‘ s ‘on, A SMART soy IN WALL STREET -

By A SELF-MADE MAN

 

This brought a good many customers to his
office, and one of Fred's duties was to post up
on a big blacltboard in the outer oﬁice the current
quotations of the Goldﬁeld and San Francisco
exchanges as they were received by messenger
service from the New York Mining Exchange,
to which Mr. Chiswell was a regular subscriber.

“I never knew before that so many New York
people were interested in Western stocks," said
Fred to the stenographer one day. "The men who
come in here watch the blackboard just as in-
tently as if the quotations were railroad stocks
dealt in at the ‘Broad Street Exchange.”

“It is easier for persons of small means to
speculate in mining stocks, as the value of those
securities are so much less than the railroad
shares,"1she replied. “The highest-priced stock
on the list is Tonopah Mining, which this after-
noon is quoted at twenty-one dollars, with Gold-
ﬁeld Mohawk a close second at eighteen dollars.

' Nine out of even ten of the other stocks are listed

at ltesg than a dollar, many being as low as six
cen s. .

“I got hold of a good tip the other day,” said

r . .

“Are you sure it's a good tip?" she asked.in-
credulously. - _

“Yes, I am pretty conﬁdent of it.”

“How can you besure of anything! in Wall
Street?"

“Well, I can't very well go into particulars
about this one, Miss Richmond, but I think so
well of it that I put up all my money on the
strength of it."

“You did? How much did you risk?”

“One hundred and twenty-six dollars.’

“You foolish boyl"

“Perhaps I was foolish, but I don’t think so

, just
now. I ﬁgure that I am a sure winner." -

“That's the way all the people llgui-e,who invest

in the market. otherwise they wouldn't come
to speculate with their money.” \

“Nothing ventured, nothing gained, Kiss Ric!» — ._ I:

mend,” laughed Fred.
“That's alfright when you have a,rair’chauco

A ﬁn in theﬂstocky 

'!x. x

we on-C W 5

    

  

APR 25 1925

 

 
 
 
  

      

"4

 

“Not one in a thousand ever gets what you call
a tip.”

persisted Fred.

, “I hope it may turn out to your advantage,
'4», Fred," replied the girl. “What is this tip, if I
1. B may ask the question?" ’ ‘ _

"It's on C. & F. I got a pointer that it .-was
going to be boomed. Well, it looks as if things
were coming my way, for I bought twenty shares,
on a ten percent. margin, at 63, and half an
hour ago it was up to 70. So, you see, 1‘ am a
hundred and fortyﬁollars. ahead at this moment,"
said Fred, triumphantly. - .

“So _far you are fortunate, I must admit. Your
proﬁts are only paper proﬁts until you close
the deal. Have you any idea how high the stock

9" .

 

  
   
      
    
    

“I Eaiilcnlate on it going to 80, at any rate.”
:IYIavg you good grounds for supposing it will?”
65. - ‘

“This isn’t your first speculation, is it?"

“Yes. I’ve been saving up my money for the
purpose of taking advantage of utheﬁﬁrsthgood
thin that came my way. is is e rst c ance
Pvegseen that promised results, so I went the
whole has On it."

‘ “Well, you have my
cess, Fred.” ' . _
“Thank you, MISS Redmond. I feel it in mv
bones that I'm goinggto come out on top,_ and
when a fellow feels that way I think luck is on
«his side. At any rate, I'm out for the dollars,

best wishes. for your suc-

‘I get to be twenty-one.’’ '
. Just then Mr. Chiswell rang his bell for Fred,
 and the conversation came to an end. A few days
“after the foregoing conversation there was great
 in the Stock Exchange over ‘the rise
. F. . Fred had kept close watch on,the
stock, and when he saw it jump point after point
he felt'prettY 800d. At length it reached 80.

 
 

— Iran around to the little bank where he had ar-
ranged ‘hispmodest deal and ordered his shares
sold. -This was done ‘inside of ﬁfteen minutes, his
stock» going_ at 8,056. Next day he received a
,check and -a’ statement oi. account“ from the bank
’ ﬁand‘-showed both to Hattie.‘ -. .
 ‘There’ now, I-have closed out that little deal
.  -three hundred and forty dollars. ‘How
1 '51 thltifort starter. Miss Richmond?” ‘
_,  are’ 3 ve ortunate boy,"’she replied.

,"I"more than onbledgnyrcapital. ‘That's the
advant"age.of working a good thing for a_lI'it’s
$0 a . ’ ’ . ‘ ,, "
~ ‘I  will bea¢l:a'1-oful not to lose what you
another tip.” _ —
exeect to run across another

as the one?’ , " V _
stake he I! likely to

things advantage one‘

:» .»'  ,

our FOR THE DOLLARS - A

“ E11, I've got a real tip this time, all right,”

and I mean‘ to land a good bunch of them before

“Thatshigh enough for me," he said, and he

. across the street. I work in  Street,

  

l .1  B_I.'m w ‘.of,&e’., ‘

 
    

x

of the Bonanza Mine, room -.-, in the Bowling‘
Green Building." _ —

“All right, sir,” replied Fred, and he got his
hat and started off.

At the corner of Beaver street and Broadway a
lady and a little girl, both stylishly attired, who
had been walking ahead of him, started to cross
the street toward Bowling Green Park. Fred ,
followed close behind them. Suddenly the little‘
girl broke away from her companion, who seemed’ ’f~.
to‘be her mother, and darted ahead with out: _‘
stretched arms toward a gentleman who stood on 5".-
the walk in front of the park. At that moment a’ a
touring automobile darted out from behind a slow-.
going wagon and bore right down on the child.
The lady saw the child's peril and tried to grab
at her, but failed. Fred, who had caught sight 
of the motor car ﬁrst, sprang ahead of it, grasped’ ;
the little girl in his arms, but was struck, and
hurled half a dozen feet away. Rolling over. he
instinctively held the child close to him, and thus
saved her from injury. Several people, includin .
the child’s father, rushed to the spot where Fred “
had brought: up against the curb. Everybody "
thought that both the plucky laid and the little"
girl were either killed or at least badly injured‘
Willing hands picked them up,’ and the frantic.
father. clasped his little daughter to his breast in
an agony of grief-. . ' 

.“Gee! Where am I at?” asked Fred, looking
around in a. dazed ,way. .

“Are you hurt?” asked several voices.— ~ ’

“Hurt?” replied Fred. , “I don't know. u I,
thought a house had fallen in on me." . -

In a few moments it was seen that, with the
exception of some scratches and a cut over his
eye, the boy was not injured. The little girl had-
escapedscot free." By this time a big crowd had
collected. The driver of the ‘motor car had stop~_,;._c
ped, dismounted and run back to the scene. .
ascertainthe extent of the damage he "had done. ,

Half the people scowled at him and muttered
words that‘ were not to‘ his credit. However, ibg
really was not his fault, as the child had an-‘
consciously thrown herself in his path where‘ Ll!
distance was too short for him to stop in time to
avoid .the collision, and Fred had delibera
courted the danger in order to save the little
A policeman came up. and when he learned *: 
facts he put the auto driver under arrest, and?
father of the girl angrily declared thathe waddle
-push thecase against him. It presently develoudd’
that the driver of the car was a wealthv eabitaliib
He offered to square things with the father ofthq
child, and also with Fred, who by this time .wag‘
satisﬁed that he was not much hurt b,,' the coliisiou,
The oﬂicer insisted that the parties connected wi&~
the accident board the c’ar with him and~go_tb'
station. Fred objected. 3 .  -

-.“I’ve got a letter _,to deliver at 

   

   
       
    
  
 

  

  

    
        
    

4

 
      
  

   
    
    
    
  
       
  
   
   
   

  

  
  
  
  

  
  
   
  
   
  
     
  

  

       
  
         
    
   

   
  
  
    
   

is money with'me."" V . g
- He showed the letterto the oﬁgcery ,
of the girl 'saw'the supelsicriptionon 
'“Why,;that's forms,’ he exclaimed. .

  
  

  

 36°? of tin
 "_., , 2*’ .' ,, .x_

  

“Who is it from?’,’ asked the gentleman.

‘Hr. Horace Chiswell, No. Wall Street."

th;Alh, yes; Imkiiowkhim $13“ ‘well,;’ ‘and hehput

:- _ etterin ' po et. “ .my a.Y0\l ave

 « saved my little daughter's life, and I can never

, ' ‘ thank you enough for your courage in snatching

her from almost certain‘ death. You must accom-

pan us to the station as the policeman requests.”
'  Sherwood, his wife and daughter boarded
E auto and tool;dpoﬂs;session off Ellie rear seat.

olllcer Freda eownero ecar,w ose
name was’Abbott, got in the front seat, and off
the went to the station. On their arrival every-
hodyy lined up before the sergeant’s desk, and the

- ﬁoer stated why he had arrested the gentleman.
Mr. Abbott wanted to know once more if the mat-

 " ter could not be arranged.

;‘ﬂn“I’m willing tohpay adny‘ reasonable sum to hush
’ matte u , i .

‘ ﬁr. Shehwopod hﬁdstdooled down by this time, and
decided that he would not prosecute the capitalist.
Finally matters were so arranged that he was to
pay Fred the sum of ﬁve hundred dollars and give

F-~ him a new suit of clothes. The sergeant told

= ' him he would have to hold him for examination

before a trailic court magistrate, and so the cap-

italist sent a  to htis lawyer to make ar-

rangements to iii ‘in ou . _
Hr. Sherwood insisted that Fred must go to his

ce.
“This note from Mr. Chiswell will require an
answer, and I‘ want to talk to you, anyway.”
so Fred accompanied him, with his wife and
- daughter. to his oﬂice in the Bowling Green_Build-
 Here both Mr. Sherwood and his wife ex-
pressed their gratitude to the boy, and _the sec-
retary of the Bonanza Mine wanted to give ‘Fred
7 _,his check for a thousand dollars. Fred,_howew_rer,
refused to accept a money consideration.
“I wouldn't take such a chance. as that for
money. I did it to save your little girl, and _I feel
» repaid by the knowledge that she escaped without
a mark. I shall accept no reward whatever, sir.
37] simply did my duty.” _
_ ’_ ‘Very well, my lad; but I hope you will under-
 stand that we are your, friends from this moment.
§*i You must call and see us as soon as you can
» make it convenient to do so. If I can ever”be ‘of
any help to you I want you to _call on me.
 ‘Fred agreed to call, and, taking the answer to
the note, he hastened back to Mr. Chiswell’s of-
ﬁce. ‘

ii

-.‘ Igor, .

  

 

 
 

ii‘

        
   
    
  
  
    
    
    
 
 

 

I cmrrnn 111.—'ri;¢ Cipher Telegram.

;. ‘Why, Fred Stanﬁeld, whatever has happened
ﬁm?” exclaimed Hattie Richmond, when Fred
’- into the oﬂice.

f‘—Colliding with, an auto, that's all," replied the

‘wﬁvitlﬁgksmile. -
" on it. Do you really mean to say that

iodrwere struck by one of those machines?”

I «-1. 1:...-

. ‘Hy gracious! Where?”

'1--‘On Broadway, opposite Beaver street."

 got a cut over your eye, and your

figloihealooklike seven days of rainy weather. You
, a narrow escape.’ - ‘

V ‘Ir. Cliinvell in?’ ' '

OUT FOR THE DOLLARS

3

“Yes.”

“Then when I’ve taken this answer to him X’ll
tell you about it.”

“He was out here looking for you a few min-
utes ago.”

“Thought I was away a good while, eh?
I got back as soon as I could.”

\\'ell,

Fred marched into the private otﬁce, handed J

<'Mr. Chiswell the note he brought from Mr. Sher-
wood, and explained what had happened to him.

“You had a lucky escape, young man,” replied
the mining broker, with a half-smile. “So it was
Mr. Shel-wood’s little girl that you saved 2”’

“Yes, sir.”

“Well, you are a plucky boy.
who ran you down arrested?"

“Yes, sir; but neither Mr. Sherwood nor I will
appear against him. He’s EJlllg to send me a
check for ﬁve hundred dollars and an order for a
new suit of clothes to square himself with me.”

“He couldn't do much less, when he came within
an ace of killing or injuring you. Go home for
the rest of the day if you want to.”

“Thank you, sir; but I guess it isn’t necessary.
I feel all right.”

Fred returned to the reception-room and told
Hattie all the particulars of the mishap. She de-‘
clared that he was an uncommonly brave boy to
do what he did. While they were talking a bright-
faced young man came in, introduced himself as
a reporter from a big daily, and proceeded to
interview Fred about the accident. Next morning
on his way downtown Fred read the story, which
made him out a hero of the ﬁrst water. He over-
took a friend named Billy Brown on Broadway,
near Wall Street. '

“Hello, Fred," said Billv. “I see vou’ve got into
the, papers. I wouldn't do what you are repo
to have done for a thousand dollars. The paper
says the machine knocked you ﬁfteen feet.”

“The paper exaggerated, the distance. I was
only knocked six or eight feet, but I don’t want to
try the thing over again. I tell you, Billy, I felt
as if a dozen mules’ hind legs had landed on me all
at once.” .

“I don’t see how you escaped being run over.”

“It was my luck not to be.”

“You saved the little girl, all right, and her
folks must be pretty grateful to you.”

“They said they were, at any rate.”

Billy left him at the corner of New street to go
to his oﬂice, which was in Exchange Place. The
early mail brought the ﬁve-hundred-dollar check
and an order on a big clothing store for a new
suit of clothes from Abbott, the capitalist,
together with a note expressing his sincere
regrets‘ that the accident had'happened. Fred
had the check cashed by Mr. Chiswell and put the
money with_ the rest of his funds. Altogether he
was now worth $975. Next day a long telegram
came to the oﬂice from the headquarters of the
Great Expectations Mining and Milling Company
in Denver stating that a ledge of high-grade ore
had been discovered in one of the ttmnels of the
mine, and ordering Mr. Chiswell to announce an-
other raise in the shares"in ten days from date.

The telegram was framed and hung up-in the
oﬂice near the ticker, and it caused considerable
excitement among those customers who had been

.. persuaded to buy G. E. stock at ﬁve, ten or tw.e’nty

Was the man

 

 

 .,_;

 

F

 
  
  
    
  

more work to the printer, who produced several
hundred “personal” tyewritten letters and the
’ same number fac-similes of the telegram. It took
Hattie and Fred the best part of two days to pre-
pare these for the mail. First the girl had to
write the name and ‘address of one of the persons
who had bought the stock, or made inquiries about

printed “typewritten” letters, and then Fred ad-
.dressed an envelope to each of the persons, en-
closed theletter and copy of the telegram,'and
stamped it. These he subsequentlv rn'zi'ed in bulk
at. the sub-station. The result of all this was a
renewed rush for stock on the part,of out-of-town
 residents, and cash ﬂowed into the oﬂice for some
- ‘;_.'days after that. Of course, Mr. Chiswell did not
,. Ipake all this money. .It had to be sent to the
., "'cozzeu(iiany‘s oﬂlce-at Denver; but he got a good-
4‘ ai ‘rake-of in the shape of commission. The
1 'Great Expectations Mine looked to he 3 Winner:
- -butstill Fred did not buy an of the shares at
twent cents, although he knew that the price
woul seen be thirty.  '

tempted to invest his nine hund ed and seventy-
llve dollars in it, but that _  Sherwood. to
whom he spoke about it, gave him a hint to
* keep out. The day following the rise of Great
 ‘Expectations to thirtv cents, on paper, Fred car-
ried a ‘note from Mr. Chiswell‘ to a brokerage
firm inthe Mills Building., The man‘ he had to
deliver the note‘ to was engaged._and Fred was
, told to sit down and wait“ As he took a chair
—- ‘ " he noticed a folded sheet of yellow paper lying
. p ‘on the carpet. and picking it up he began to
nmusehimself drawing rude caricatures of the
bald-headed cashier on it. After he had covered
all the available ‘blank space with these outlines.
g..-«_he- unfolded the sheet in ordci-‘to use the reverse

       
        
    
     
  
   

  

  

-'1' Then -he noticed at it 'was aytelegraph blank.
‘was a mess: e. on it, in typawritinx. ad-
~  to
. .’1_'he'message. however. was a strange one. Being
wgepecies of cipher... At any rate, it was con-
‘,/structed on the lines of- a telegraph code mes-
,an'¢e—-a succession of words without any ceil-
 Thia is the way it looked to Fred:
" _ “Killian P. Smith. ~ '
'8 .:"‘No. -—--Wall Street, New York.
1 ‘ “Theater conaonantness ‘lanahasis astacolite
¥£n,ctitlousness -by evide e‘ (2) sharking oaker
andnrrese gahbier  ing younker caInaliicul,ate
\ or an. '

   
   
 
 
    
    
      
     
   
 
    
     
    
    
  

  

area studied the
was considerable interest.

       
    
 
 
  
  

I’. Sgiitheis one of the big guns of the
"!!h5m:':nps__t'he an order to buy a cermin
A a bit of inside information about

.  to happen: It is certainly
Fwlﬁnit be neat inn cipher code.
 make a-fellow malt

      
   

I

- f.,‘:OIJl’T iron”  DOLILARSA

g cents a sh'are,>as the caselmightbel This gave .

it of Mr. Chiswella at the head of each of the‘

.‘‘It is not improbable that he might have been‘

a well-known" broker of Walllstreet. ,

‘tip in the wind I'm not going .to ‘let it

h pocket, intending to do

strange telegrapliie «message V

.?Niw¥w:hat the dickens. does all this mean? ' ‘room nextrto his in the privatehouse‘ "where-

"; little thing‘ are tma:can't

   

1 \
.
i

°l,ﬁ¢e- _ 30 Fred DI-It_ the telegraphic message in
his Docket, _and carried the note he had brought V
in to the broker, who,w_rqte an answer for him
to take back to M1‘. Chiswell. He had no time 7,
to examine the telegram again until he went to
hls room’ after supper; then he sat down and per-
used it long and earnestly, ‘cudgeling his brains
to get a line on the meaning of it. but all to ‘
o purpose. ‘
Next morning he showed the cipher message to ‘,
ga;t;§i)en and told her how it had come. into his pos- 
‘i “It seems like a code message." she said. ‘,3
‘There are several codes in general use. The. ,,
words of any one of them may have been used 5"
in “this” message.” ~
No. Felllied Fred, shakinghis head. “If it's
an important s_tock.message.' as I believe it 
on _account_ of it being addressed to William P. .-
Smllfhy 1‘: IS D!‘0b§b1.V written in the words of ’
a private code or cipher known only to Mr. Smith _
and the sender probabl.y_,” _ ;
5“ “Ihat’s a reasonable guess,” admitted Hattie.
Still, you never can tell what means of com‘-
munication people will adopt. If I was you I’d
run in next door to _Barlow Bros.’ oﬂice and look -.
up the words mytheir cable code book. At any .
rate, if 1t,doesnt ﬁt, you’ll know that the cable ~
code wasn t used.”  ~ 
Fred _was absent ﬁfteen minutes, and 
back with word_ that_the cable code would not '
answer even a little bit.» ‘ v . ~
“I guess you'd” better throw_the message in
the waste-basket, -laughed Hattie. “You’ll never‘
be able to read it.” I ' _’. or
“No; I'm, going “to keep it a while and see if
‘°«*¥;.:?::dz.:*  .. - ~   
“ y was your time over it. Fred. _
Well, after, office hours it is my own,-andxe.
I waste it that's my own funeral." .
“I'll bet you a box of candy that you'll never
be alble to make anything out of it,’ she. said’
an mg y. ; I e  q 
_“l’ll” take you up. if only for the fun of» the
thing, replied Fr-ed._ “Shake hands on it.‘}‘' ‘
They did. and Hattie declared that the candy
was as. good-as,hers._' ' L .. i 3-
“DOTW be 1200 Positive of that. I’ve got .
great head. and when there's such 3-thing as ‘a

s

   
  

  
 
     
    
     
    

       
    
 
 
    
    
    
    
 
  
     
    

   
  

 
   

  

    

away from me without a struggle.” ' "; =2‘ -

Fred put the mysterious telegram away in his
his very best to 
late it into common sense. ' ~« ‘

   
 

 

. CHAPTER .I.V.--Solving, the p‘...._;.-, 
« A couple of young students had the

  

lodged, _a_nd- thatevening he went in to see’
for he knew they Had a big uﬁabrridgod -.
He showed them the mysterious telegr
told them that the stenographor in his
bet him 8‘ dollar box of candy that the
nottranslatelit. ' , ,- ., - at; .
“Now, l’l1’lil:e to dojt. just to shows ' - ‘ =
_ 8 lil-
hehr ymfwia that I r. :-
smd. \“'I'l;en  .

  
  
  
   

  
     

‘ ‘‘'Wn'l1
itndmta

  

' ,"All right,” replied Fred. “I'm so interested
 in that message that I’d give a ten-dollar bill
;. to be able to read it correctly.”
f‘._ . So the three put their heads together and tried
to study it out. They worked over the telegram
»,.~ for an hour, and then the students threw up
' the sponge. ~

“It can't be read without the key to the puzzle,”
said one of them, ﬁnally, “and I guess the man

 

\

» ~ only ones in the secret." W
’ f “Then, as I am neither one nor_ the-other, I
' might as well make up'my mind that I'm‘out
the dollar for candy," said Fred, with a grimace.
“You are certainly the victim, and we are out
the time we lost over it," replied the student,
 ’Next morning when Fred reached the office he
— told Hattie that he guessed she had won the
 box of candy". _ V U
I. . “Three of us worked over that telegram .for
I. nearly two hours, and in the end we had to give
it up. We couldn’t make head or tail of it,” he
f. said. . .
, ,§F]ttie laughed. ,
3 , en you've given it up for good and all?" she
‘asked

 
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
    
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
 

F “Not yet. I'm going to have another shy at it
before I admit that I'm beaten. I think I’ve
r got on to the meaning of‘ some of the words; at
 any rate, that is my impression. By the way,”
as an idea struck him, “I wonder if Barlow
. Bros. have a railroad manual in their office ?”
“Why don't you go in and see ’!”

* Fred decided that he would. He knew that the
railroad manual had a list of the officers of the
vdiﬁerent railroads in the back of the book. He
wanted to see if the man named Jordan was con-
nected in such a, capacity with the Oregon &
" Great Western. So-ohe went in next door and
~ asked a clerk if they had Poor’s Railroad Manual.
' They had, and Fred was allowed to look at it.
Looking up the Oregon & Great Western, the
boy found to his great satisfaction, that the secre-
 of the road was Edward S. Jordan.

. “Now Pin sure that those four words in the
telegram mean 0. G. W.,” said Fred to him-
afelf. "That’s some ' g gained, anyhow. But the
Question is, how am I going to read the rest?”
-“ '7 Fred returned in a thoughtful mood to his _own
oﬂice, and, going to his desk, began to slit open
9 stack of letters that had come‘ by the morning
inail..so that Hattie could go through them with
more speed. At intervals dining the day the
" messenger thought about that -puzzlmg
When ﬁve o'clock came around he had

I  as soonas he was through with his day's

'He’found the librarian at his desk. _
~?>23.f1_ro,u 23: to 'discipher hidden -writing, Mr.
' ‘ _ §“Do you.think~ you could get
this little puz7zIe‘!",~ . .
, ‘{  it a moment or two.,and

 
 

o

   
 

who sent it and the man who received it are the_

' quite. so clear.

counted oi!   ~

OUT‘ FOR THE DOLLARS _ I 5 I

Mr. William P. Smith, eh? I guess I could
give you the translation of this if I had the
time torlook the matter up. This seems to be
the very code that I invented mvself when at
Columbia College, and which I haven't thought of
for years. William Smith and I were chums.
We used to amuse ourselves writing to each
other by means of a code similar to this. It was
a very simple arrangement, but utterly unread-
able to any one not in the secret of its construc~
tion. We worked it with Webster’s Unabridged
Dicta'onary—the old one, not the International,
which had not been printed at that time. There
is one in the reference room. I’ll tell you the
secret of the code, and then you can go in and
see if you can work the thing out. If this is my
code, as it seems to be,-you'll fetch it al1,right.”

Fred was tickled to death at hearing this, and
listened eagerly to the explanation which Mr.
French gave, as follows:

“Hunt up the words of the message. Then
in each.case. count up to the tenth after the word
found and-write down the result. When vou
ﬁnd a ﬁgure in parentheses after a word, it means
that there are more than one entry of the same
word, and you are to take the one from which to
count. There, that's the whole thing. Isn’t it
simple?”

“Simple as rolling oil" a log,” laughed Fred,
“when you know how to do it. I hope this is
your code, for if it is I stand some show of
winning a bet I have with our stenographer. She
said I couldn’ read it to save my life,-and I
agreed tolbuy her a box of candy -if it stumped
me. I’d like to win that candy just to show her
that I'm not a muttonhead.” .

“Well, go into the reference room and trv your
luck," said the librarian. “The young lady there
will let you have in Webster's Unabridged.”

So Fred went into the room, got the dictionary
and brought it to a"’long table in the center of
the room, about which were gathered several
people reading books belonging to that depart-
ment; and then, armed with pencil and paper, he
sat down, in a state of suppressed enxciteinent. to
work out the task .h_e had in hand. The ﬁrst
word of the message was “theater.” Checking
off ten words upward he came to the word “the.”

—As sentences frequently begin with the word

“the,” that looked encouraging. The second
word was “consonantness,” and the tenth word
above it was “consolidation.”
He wrote that down after “the” /and then«
studied the two words together.
‘The consolidation,” he muttered; “that reads
allright." ' -
The third word was “anabasis,” and the tenth
word above it “an.” ’
“That isn't

“The consolidation an,” he read.

I wonder if I got the right word
that time ?” ‘
He found on going over it again that he had-.
“Well. I'll try the fourth word, which is ‘as-
tacolite,’ and see how that will look attached to

the others.” ‘ .

The tenth word proved to be “assured.” “

_ “The consolidationan a.ssured<—-—~ Gee! I be-
lieve Pm getting it all right. What’: the next"
word?" 'Fectitiousii_eas.’ .Why, that ‘must mean
‘fact,”’hocried,w1tht'evcrioheag9rnesa.oshe

     

I

\

f

   
 
 

    

It was “f-act." .  * ,
.> ' “The consolidation an assured fact,” he now
, read. “What consolidation? Why. the:<vconsoli—
dation of two railroads, of course. Hurrah! I've
got it for fair." _

It is a standing rule at the Cooper Union that
perfect silence must be maintained in the library
and connecting rooms, and conversation is only
permitted to be carried on in a very low under-
tone. Consequently, when Fred let out a yell,
everybody in the room looked,at him in surprise.

.2 and some of them may have thought he was about
to have a fit. The young woman at the desk in
charge of the room looked guite indignant at
this accidental infraction of a most important
rule, and so she considered that. it was her duty
to call Stanﬁeld down, which she did inno uncer-
tain tones.

Fred apologized and promised not to do it
again. As he was a good-looking and gentle-
manly boy. he was excused, but warned that an-
other outburst of that kind would lead. to his
removal from the room by the police oﬂicer in
attendance at the library. Fred was as mute as
a mopstick while working out the rest of the
cipher, but he. was a mighty excited boy. When
he ﬁnished the job the completed translation read
as follows: ~
I “The consolidation an assured fact. Buy every
share 0. & G. W. you can get." I

..‘‘O. J: G. W., of course, means
Great Western. Buy, every share. eh? That
I means .—that the consolidation; when publicly
‘ 1 known, will make the stock boom.» I wonder what
;. it’: ruling at today? Never mind; I'll ﬁnd that
opt‘ in the morning. ‘As soon as I do I’m going
to get in on this dcalyon the ground ﬂoor with
Kr. William ‘P. Smith. Bet. your life I am. If
I only hadjabout ﬁfty thousand dollars now. per-
haps I wouldn’t make a fine haul. Well, I'll have
to ‘do ,the best I can with my little one thousand.
I ought to be able to double my oney, at any

 

 
    

dollars, all right‘, and I'm going to get a good-
sised wad just as quick as I can.” .. _
With that comforting reﬂ tion, Fred left the

 Cpopqr Union and went to er.

 

by 7._ Av CHAPTER V.-—/A Remarkable Intruder.‘
Next morning the ﬁrst thing Fred did at the

  
  
 
 

and look the arket report-of the, day Dre-
viofm. Hgpfoundyghat Oregon & Great Western
Vﬁiiruling ﬁt 48. - *_

iflfil beable to put the margin up on two hun-

Q ”hesaidtoh1mse1f.y ‘

V. ,,«’.En:n.ihe tackled his breakfast with a first-
‘  appetite. i Soon after he reached the oﬁice
s Hattie come.-in. A

 
   
    

   



’ OUT FOR THE DOLLARS I .

Oregon and '
" Mr.‘ Sherwood

I . rate. That will be something. I’ ‘out for the.

icstaurantwas to get hold sofa morning paper ‘

_O. & G. W. " This caused considerable iflterostlto
Fleur

. caused the price to advance in a short time. 
 ma ymafbzsng that‘
 of 

V- F°“it°¥~ 3.5 1 ﬂ"°‘?8;1*‘?.

at different times during the last three months i
that Oregon & Great. Western was trying to .
gobble up the N. & P.. which has been cutting 2
into its freight and passenger traﬁc for some %
years since. ~Now. that telegram says that the 
consolidation (meaning N. & P., of course) is
an assured fact. As soon as the news is oﬁicially ‘
conﬁrmed 0. & G. W. is bound to rise ten or 
ﬁfteen points, maybe more. Mr. Smith is ad-"
vised to buy every share he can get. Of course.
he's been out on a still hunt after the stock these
two days." .

“Now how did you manage to read it?” asked

the stenographer, curiously. .
, explained the secret of the private code.
The entrance of Mr. Chiswell gave the boy an
excuse for not telling her how he got on to the
secret of they cipher-—at that time, at least. At
noon Fred was sent to the!printer’s. on Nassau
Street. and he availed himself of the opportunity
to drop into the little bank and buy two hun-
dred shares of O. & G. W., which he got at
48 on a margin of ten per cent.

“I wonder if Mr. Sherwood would give me
something for the use of this tip—say a per-
centage of what he might make? I've a great
mind to call at his house this evening and speak.
to him aboutgit. The more I can make of this
pointer the better I'll be oil’ in the end. I wish I
had some more money to put into it." _

Fred did call that night at the apartment
house near Central Park, where the Sherwoodsv
lived, and. he had‘ a very satisfactory intervie
with Mr. Sherwood. After he showed that gen-.
tleman the original cipher telegraph. then they
translatipn, and explained how he had read it.’

became quite enthusiastic on ‘ I
subject of 0. & G. W. He declared his readiness
to go_his limit "on it, andwtold Fred that he
should have twenty per cent. of his proﬁts. ._

“That suits me all right, sir. if you wish to;
give me so much. _ 

“I'll be glad to do it. Stanﬁeld. I owe you
a debt of gratitude that I never can pay. In fact,
I shouldn't be treating you any too .well if 1:
gave you a full half of whatever I might maho-
on a deal in 0. & G.‘W.” I

“I should have been satisﬁed with ﬁve per cent.“
of your winnings. I have put up all the cash I‘
had on 1t—one thousand dollar-s——and» I hoperto‘
double that amount. or even do better.” ‘

Mr. Sherwood bought one thousand shares of p
the stock next day at 48 7-8, and one thousand.
shares on the following day at 49 1-8-—both I
a ten r cent. margin. . By the end of.tho’wf
9. & . W.l.was ruling at 51. The Sunday morn-«
mx’s papers published tlfe report that then‘.
P. had been acquired and consolidatedfwitii

 
       
   
       
      
 

  
 
       
     

       
    

       
 
 

    
      
  

     
 
 

  
   
      
     
     
  

  
     
  

  
  
  
   

 
   
  
   
  
    
  
 
   
 

center around the stockion Monday morning w_
the Exchange opened for business, 31 the
ncwsxwas not conﬁrmed. and considerable . I 

    
 
  

    
 
   

general impression prevailed in Wall Street » I
the deal inouestion had been secret! ”"
mated, and_a great pnumbher bf'b_ﬂ_)i_a1I : I‘
at. s3"‘§?“§:‘£i; =..**.:.'e..:*......°~ ~ G
2 2 c < l i
‘j’ J’ biélishw-and i i

 
       

   
  
  
   
    
   
    
   
   
   
   
 
     
  
   
   
   
 

i'I'hat afternoon Fred ran' across Julius Lang-
hdrne, cashier of his late employer, William Os-
good, for the first time since he quit 0sgood’s
. ~. 0 Langhorne scowled at the boy,_ as the
‘eight of him-was a disagreeable sensation, and
continued on his ‘way. _
l .“Gracious!" breathed Fred. “I-Ie,d0esn’t llke
me even a little bit. Funny that he should take
such a grouch againstme for no reason at all.
ell, his attitude doesn't bother me any now.
‘in out of Osgood’s. and he can't knock me any
‘moi-e.” _ ‘
When Fred got back to the oﬂlce he foimd
Hattie alone in the reception-room, the last cus-
mer having departed. She was making up her
cash account for the day. for she was not only
the oﬂioe stenographer, but bookkeeper and
cashier as well. She was a smart worker. how-
ever, "and generally managedto zet all 1381' Work
alone by ﬁve o'clock,/-On this occasion she was
I_ little behindhand, -and was hurrying to catch
. As _Fred had nothing particular to do hun-
lie oﬁered to help her out in any Way he
"She put him to work casting up several. long
lnmns of ﬁgures. He was engaged at this »Job
when.Hatt'ie' started across the room to the safe
with the cash drawer in her hand. As she was
iassing near a -big closet in which Mr. Chis-
3"well ‘kept a stack of mining reports. unused
hirculars and other printed matter, as well as a
lnincellaneous assortment of stationery, her alert
ear caught ii suspicious sound’ behind the closed

       
  
  
 
    
  
   
   
   
    
  
   
  
    
  
  
   
   
 
  
    
  
   
   
 

--',‘Fied," she cried, turninz t0 the youmz messen-
mrwho was standing beside her tall desk. “I
‘;' ‘eve there's somebody in that Closet."

‘ ’ .“I guess you’1'e dreaming, Hattie," the boy re-
Jlliéd. with an incredulous‘ lau1zh- . _ _

V _.“*No,,Iindeed, I’m not. I heard a peculiar noise
-In that closet. Won’t you please look and see ._
“Sure,” "replied Stanfield. 200d-naturedly; _
As Mr. Chiswell entered the room from his pri-
‘vith oﬂice, Fred advanced to the closet and threw
'  door wide oﬁen. A weird-lookmg, black-
.. haired giant of a man stalked_ forth. Hattie
“§shr'ieked, dropped the cash drawer. and fainted-

 

» Q cnarrnn VI.—-The Man From the West.

— “Who are you, air. and Why were 370“
-«~ inside rny~closet‘."' -_ . _

‘ﬁn’ gigantic -intruder, who held his. hat in his
-. iooked white and ghastly. He‘stared at
mine broker, but never answered by so much
word. -His matted black hair (fell over his
.-... ,, while his dark beard looked zriz_zlY
uneombed. Although vtliere was n_othm_ﬂ.'
-or xinisterdbout his countenance, still. his
__' looks were so grotesque that it was no
 the girl had fainted at theﬁlzht of ‘him-
«Ehd hastily got a glass of water, and dash-
: , it giito Hattie’; face soon brought her back
"'§ ‘  She covered her face with he!‘
.. eliuddered as her eyes once more {ell
oriiidding figure mi he stood sway/mg back
 _door,. ‘ no_ attention
‘missions ﬁred» at }mII1 by‘ M1?-

OUT FOR THE DOLLARS

‘what does.-this mean 2" exclaimed Mr. Chis-"’}1' want is something to eat.

“Fred,” cried the broker at last, losing his pa-
tience, “run out and get an officer.”

.“Yes, sir; but I think you ought to telephone
for an ambulance. This man looks as if he was
suffering from illness. In fact, sir, he seems to
me like a man who was half—starved.”

The stranger’s gaunt face appeared to back
up the boy’s words, and so did the deeply sunken
eyes, that seemed to look at Fred in an appealing
way that touched a sympathetic chord in his
breast.

“Here, sit down,” he said, pushing a chair
toward the stranger. .

The man sank into it and seemed almost to
collapse. Fred, satisﬁed that there was some-
thing decidedly wrong with him, ran and
brought him a drink of water. He drank a little
of it, and then would have dropped the glass
if the boy had not caught it out of his hand.

_“I think he ought to have a stimulant of some
kind,” said Fred. .

“I'll telephone for an ambulance.” said the
broker, retreating to his private room.

“Are you afraid to remain here in the same
room with this man while I run downstairs’ to
the cafe and get a glass of brandy ?" Fred asked
Hattie. “He doesn’t look to me as if he could
hurt a 9.3; in his present condition."

“I’m not afraid now,” Hattie answered.
Chiswell is near, anyway."

So_Fred ran to the elevator, was carried quick-

“Mr.

ly to the base, where‘there was a cafe, as this _

hap ened before prohibition, and in a short space
of ime he returned with a glass half full of
ﬁne brandy. ‘

“There, drink that,” he said to the‘ uncanny-
‘looking intruder. “It’s brandy. It‘will pull you
together."

The man seemed to recognize the smell of the.

liquor quicker than he appeared to understand the
boy's words. He seized the glass with both
hands, raised it to his ashen lips, and drained it
off, strong as it was, at a gulp. Then he drew
a long breath. and a flush of color came into his
cadaverous cheeks. '

“Much obliged, young man.” he said in a grate-
ful tone to Fred. “That went to the right spot.”

"I’ve sent for an ambulance to take you to
the hospital,” said -Mr. Chiswell. who had come
back from his private room.

“I don’t want to go to any hospital. What
I'm about starved,
and I haven't had any sleep these two nights."

“Haven't you any money to go to a restaurant
and to pay for a lodginir?” asked Fred, feeling
sorry for the gaunt-looking stranger. . \

“Nary a cent. though I had a tidy roll when
I reached the city two day's ago.”

_t 7“What happened to your money‘! Did you lose
1 .” .
“I was robbed somewhere uptown.’

“Robbed 2", ‘
_“Lost everything—ca.sli, watch. and diamond
ring.” '

\\' hen he mentioned a=diainond ring Fred log’
ed wonderingly at him, for he did not look *
a man who could sport such an articlt His
clothes, which were well worn and hung
on his limbs. were not ofva very prime quality,
while his i;u_a.woolcn owe.
 wig .bx.s?c9mn°n

ii

     
 
 

7\

\

,_ v’
y ' 
J"

 
 

 j} 8.

vest. while his trousers were supported by a
leather belt. A I

“Look here, my man." put in the broker, “now
that you can speak, perhaps you’ll explain how
you got into the closet in this room. What was
your object in hiding there?”

” The stranger shook his head. -

“I don’t know how I got there.” he said. _

“You don't know how you got there '2" exclaim-
ed Mr. Chiswell, incredulously.

The man shook his head dismally. _

“No more than the man in the moon," he said
in a puzzled kind of way that seemed to be
genuine. _ _

“What brought you into the building ?" asked
the broker. ' _

“I was looking fora man named Cluswell,
who has an ofﬁce~———”

“Chiswell? Well, that's my name. What do
you want with me '3”

“You're a mining broker, and represent the
Great Expectations Mining & Milling Company
in this part of the country, don't you ?"

“Yes.” ‘ -

“My name is Andrew Bailey. I am the pros-

- pe’ctor who discovered the outcroppings of ore
on the Great Expectations property.:'

“Well?” replied Mr. Chiswell, impatiently. “You
have no connection with the company that I am
aware of." ._

‘No. I was swindled out _of my rights by "

 - . “Tut. tut!” said the broker. “I can't ‘listen to
sud: remarks, sir. I have no connection with
the company myself. I simply promote the sale
of the stock in the East here. If you came
here to tell me the story of your personal griev-
anoes I must tell you that I have no time to listen
to you." - y ' ' —

‘It isn't that. I want to have a talk with you
about an important matter. Icame East for that
purpose. but. as I got cleanedout of everything
I had. I'd like to borrow———" ,

‘ ‘I have no money to loan, my man." replied
thebroker, sharply. “You’ve come to the wrong
shop for that. If that's all you want to see me
about. you'd better go now. It's about five. and

' — we're going to close up for the day. Fred, show
this man.-out," and Mr. Chiswell turned on his
heel’.—and entered his private oﬂice, shutting the
door after him. - A,

, The stranger stared blankly, after him and

then looked helplessly at the boy.

“I suppose I've got to go.” he said; “but I don't

know where I camgo without a cent to-—.-—’' -

“Here's a dollar, Mr. Mailey,” said Fred, who

ﬁinpathized with the stranger. “Come with me.

a

"steer you to a restaurant where you can get
meahand then I'll show you where

you can get lodgings for’ ﬁfteen cents a night.”
31 don’t wantto rolryou, young man,” replied

~_ the imam ‘who at that moment would have been
f ,_ , upon as a great acquisition by a Bowery
. mﬂeum proprietor. “I need money had enough.
 ‘ows, but it ain't you that ought to
glue ‘it. "f "is Chiiwellf who ought to have loads
otlut. ‘X':_ll..iIi.__tiuning me down he's turned
 a~g%'£hiII'B. I was  1:;--but d:e‘s!:;t
“iahﬂur. ,, .  .3933: nine. rrow‘ s -

“=3 »uwwﬂmtb_ -

-.1:

 
   

' oi

 

   
  
  
 

      
 
 

 

OUT FOR THE DOLLARS

» half starved. Be careful about what he eats at

' i He opened the door and walked inside. arid"

repay you; but that's where you would be wi-oiig‘,"'

replied Fred“.

turns youyshall A .

'V9“‘I-g00d{h0ﬁl'C‘ _ A I ,
z‘. w 1 ,eent.;'vo§ haduand haven’);

   
 

“Do you want me to show you a. restaurant 
in the neighborhood. You look as if a good ‘
meal would do you good." V.

“I need it bad enough: but I m t have an-w
other drink first. I never remembe being so ,,
weak on my pins before.” 

Fred thought the stranger would topple over é
several times as he led him to,the elevator. As i
they reached the sidewalk the ambulance from 3
the Chambers Street Hospital drove um and a
slight, active young doctor alighted and started
to enter .the building, when Fred stopped him. _;

“I guess you're not wanted now,’ he said. “Mr. 
Chiswell, on the sixth ﬂoor, 'phoned for you to 4
take this man away, as he appeared to be pretty [1
sick; but it seems to be food that he wants. {*5}
not medical treatment, and I'm taking him to 3
a restaurant."

The young doctor looked at the giant critically.
seized his pulse and felt of it. asked him to show r
his tongue, while a crowd began to gather about 
them, attracted by the stranger's height and
singular appearance.

“That's right," said the doctor.

  
   
  
 
   
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
    
    
   

“The man is

first. Let him have a plate of good -broth. Noth- 
ing very solid for an hour or two after that, then "
probably his stomach will get into shape to stand ,_
a regular meal."

“Al right,” replied Fred.  V

The young doctor boarded the ambulance, which 2
immediately drove .011’, while Fred led his charge. 
toward William Street, and then up that street. 
followed by the curious gaze of every one they -.
met. - I

CHAPTER VII.—Fred Learns Something About
The Great Expectations Mining Company. 

\

“I must go in here and have a drink,” said
Mr. Bailey, as they came abreast of .a corner
saloon. “My stomach is all gone and it needs:
bracer." . ”

Fred had to folfow or remain outside. which he
did not care to do. The tall Westerner stalker?
up to the bar and ordered a drink.. The bar.-.
keeper handed him a glass and the bottle.. He‘
filled out a stiff portion and drank it down as‘
if it was so much water. ’
“Ah, /that'll give me an appetite," he sai-i.*’
handing the barkeeper the dollar bill Fred had‘:
given him and pocketing the change. “Youngt~" .
man,”» to his young conductor. “what is your
name ?" .. 4 ’ _f j‘
“Fred Stanﬁeld." 1 ~ 
“Well, I'm glad to know you. You're 
the good Samaritan to me. and I am not goingtd ’
forget it. Perhaps you think from my looks the ‘ "
I'm a hard case, and that I'll never be able to.

clapping Fred on the shoulder.
judge a book by its cover."
The man from the West ’chuckled,. as if he an
something funny in his remark. ' ‘  _
“I'm not expecting to bevrepaid. Mr. Baily; i
“It isgt costingmme  - if
’ﬂlG,,Dl@“'$£

“You mustaf

    
  
   
 
    

   

._turn.

one
uck..‘

     
 
  
 

  

 ,. lodging. If you left the Barnum Building alone
’ in your condition you’d either have fallen down
in‘ the street somewhere, and maybe been run
 "over. or you'd have rim the chance of being:
:.~"' pulled in by a cop and jailed till morning, when
r 3 a magistrate would have sent you to the island.

I’m willing to help you out to the extent of
1 paying for a week's board and lodging for you,

  

 

yourself.”
 “You're willing to do that for a perfect
.‘:*_‘_ stranger, after you saw how your boss. Mr. Chis-
 well,- turned me down when I started to ask
,, him for a loan‘! You sha’n’ tlose anything by it,

I not by a jugfull.
shall gain in a measure

 

ise.

“Never mind. You shall bear by and by. I've
never gone back on a comrade in my life, and
you are proving yourself ,a good friend to me.
Now let’s trot along and find a restaurant. I
think I can eat a square meal now.”‘

As they continued on up William Street, Bailey
asked Fred _where he lived, and was a bit sur-
prised to learn that the boy was out on the
world and hoeing his own way in the big city.
‘ Finally they came to a cheap restaurant, and
- -. both entered and took seats at one of the tables.

Before they ﬁnished supper the restaurant was
clear of other customers. The fat proprietor
waddled down and paused in front of their table.

“Veil, inein friendt," he said to Bailey, “uf
you like dot stew, deir peen mo in der kitchens
already yet. You don't found mevheres else
such stew like dot. Mein cook vos der best in
der business. I ped you.”

.. .5-<5“It’s a ﬁne stew." admitted the giant. regard-
,_:..;L-ing the fat restaurant man with a twinkle in
his eye. “You eat this stew yourself, I suppose 1'"
» “I ped you.I eat him. Perhaps I don’d look
healthy—no? Of you eat two or dree plates of
dot stew yourseluf you ﬁll oud your clothes al-

y,,soon."
“I'll take another plateful, then."

“Vi1lum,” cried‘the proprietor, “pring de shren-
lllemans anudder plates uf der stew. und ﬁll id

. ‘ up‘,
, Mr. Bailey ﬁnished his second plate of stew
.7 ‘ with inﬁnite relish. and declared that he was feel-
i.»;, ing first rate. ‘When Fred went to the desk to
 may the bill the German proprietor said to him:
 man he vos a dime museum freak. ain’d
“No,’.' replied the young oﬂice boy, “nothing of
_ ., kind. He is merely an uncommonly tall man,

"that’s all. He can’t help that."

“ ..“So-o. Ihafseenvurseashimindermuseums.
He vould got a sliob purty quick, I ped you.”

I-‘red walked up to Park Row with Bailey,
 crossed City Ball Park and boarded a Broadway

‘ car. Everybody looked at the Western

with great interest. At Bleecker Street
__ got of, and Fred guided his companion to

 » Hills House No. 1,*as the most respectable
 _p lodging-house that he knew of. . Mr. Bailey
and the boy paid hisroom rent for
V 7: advance;

- ‘I sha’n"t forget hat you’ve done for me, Stan-
laid.’ said the Wes r_n_er. as Fred handed him a
 [ill to pay for his eating for a few

X. . ,

 ‘I,’ 

 

 

g.
‘S
»:
1
>-

 

   
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
  
 

 

‘so as to give you a chance to do something for_

What Mr. Chiswell lost you _

“What do you mean ?" asked Fred, in some-

 

OUT FOR THE DOLLARS » 9

days. _“Come in here and sit down a while,"
llidlcglllflz the reading-room. “I want to talk with
you.

They took chairs in a corner by themselves. '

“Ive been a mining prospector for a good part
of my life,” began Bailey, as he settled himself
In 8 _€ha1I'. “and I've been worth a lot of money
at different times, but somehow or another I
never could keep it. Then I've been cheated out
0_I mv rlzhw time and again, until I've very
little conﬁdence in any one, especially those ras-
¢811Y Dl'0m0ter_S out West. As you're working
f°1' H°T3¢e Ch1SWe1_1, you know something about
the Great Expectations Mine."

_“I can't say that I know much about it.” re-
Dlied Fred. “I’ve read the circulars that we
mail ‘to those who answer our advertisements.
and Ive read the advertisements, too. If there's
any truth in the printed matter put out by the
o_ﬂ“ice, Great Expectations is the greatest gold and
silver discovery of the century."

The Western giant chuckled audibly.

. You mustn t'believe all you see printed about
mmms properties. mv lad.” he said. “There's
about as much real truth in the advertising mat-
_ter of the majority of new mines as there is
in the average circus poster—in fact, the circus
pﬁistfr is’ the more honest in its statements of

e we.

_‘‘The Great Expectations advertisement cer-
tainly does promise a great ultimate proﬁt to its
stockholders,:’ said Fred. “What do you know
about the mine? I think I heard you saythat
{$1,111,-e‘<'itiysc.overed the outcroppings of ore on the
onu1ﬂg:';i._pI plzllilttlenthe original discovery of ore

ro .
:Then it is a good thing?"
\'oui~mr)i}i{ou}tlires'hnty lad’ 5:1" I trust you  keep
. b '’ YD . ]especi_ ly from Mr. Chiswell.
your doss. I’ 0111. 00k like a boy that one can
b°lt’°“_h °“- ' d Ike to give you my confidence,
Hiv: latillir Ii-oSi)i‘ii}set’?” Y“ mm" 2° "° further‘
“Yes ysir ll promise I w '1: '

on méy “-11 me" on mention a word
y “YOU Well. then. The ore which I discovered
011 that ground. and_which I thought to be the
0Ut¢1‘°DP"18S of a rich_lode_, has proved to be
now a narrow vein of inferior metal, that will
never pay to work. I am glad of it. for the men
aha fo ed the company, and are now pushing

e s on_the market, are a set of rascal;
who broke faith with me from the start, think-
":13 they had s_ecured a_ bonanza. I was to have
b igeziuarter interest in_ the company, but I was

unc th out of it by a bit of sharp practice; and

5?: try'in7:°'’t1'»"i'°‘eeee’’5.‘é';T.'2§f’ “§’°"I? "-‘° “am”
ic

brick at instalmait ra .” y 0 “mg a gold

“Then you mean to say that the Great Expecta-,

tion: llgining ‘L  is__a
rs -c ass rau ,
West, with a decisive nod?“ e man from the

' CHAPTER VIII.——The Lost Spanish Min‘

Fred Stanﬁeld was astonished t Bailey’
ment,, which he made no bones aabout expi§e:sti‘i::
. “A first-class fraud!” he reheated

 

 , \



.'.-

 

 no,t.oover.o'oilver lode.

 1

The giant Westerner nodded.

“Are you sure of that?” asked
lously. V
” His companion, nodded again.

“And do you suppose that Mr. Chiswell knows
it is a fraud ?” . — »

Mr. Bailey shrugged his shoulders.

“Great Expectations isn't the first mining
proposition he has handled,” he said. “He prob-
ably does not know of his own certain knowl-
edge that the mine is a worthless prospect, but
he cannot but have some idea that it isn’t the
wonderful discovery claimed for it. He receives
a commission of forty per cent. for promoting

Fred, incredu-

‘the sale of the stock in the East. 3'-Ill the com-

pany also pay a very large proportion of the
advertining bills." ‘

Free‘ was learning a few things about the
mining business of which heretofore he had been
in ignorance.

“If the mine is a first-class fraud. as you as-

sert,” he said, “where will the hundreds of people -

come in who have paid from ﬁve to twenty cents
a share for the stock thev have bought?”

‘They will have the same experiences that

. thousands of other credulous persons have bought

—and some dearly—in similar propositions that

_ have been launched with ﬂying colors, only to

ﬁzzle out in the end." -

“Gee! That’s ﬁerce!” said‘ Fred. “Do you
know whether the Bonanza Mine of New Mexico
is a fraud, too ?"

“No. That mine is a genuine producer."

“I am glad to hear it.” -

“Wliy? Did you -invest anv of your wages
in the stock when it was low ?”

“No. But a gentleman, whose little daughter's
life I saved, and for whom I have considerable
respect, is secretary of this company, with an
ofﬁce in the Bowling Green Building."

“The Bonanza Mine is all right. It was dis-
covered in a remarkable way. An Indian in our-
suit-of an antelope was climbing the steep slope
of a hill and seized a bush to help him up. The
bush gave way, and revealed beneath the roots
rocks which proved to be almost pure silver.”

“You don't say!” -

“That isn"_t the only incidentxof its kind. One
of the richestmines to-day of the Antilles was
the outcome of a rabbit chase. An Indian was
hunting rabbits one day, when one of them was
chased bv« his dog int?) a hole in the hillside. ‘The
Indian started to dig the rabbit out, but before
he had removed half -a dozen spadefuls of earth

2 ‘he found .to his surprise that he was literally

shoveling silver."
“Mr. Chiswell’s circulars say that the mines of
Hexieoare the richest in the world. They fur-
_‘ther ‘say that the zone of New Mexico and old
Mexico encloses n silver-bearing ﬁeld that is un-
surpassed inriches. and that the Gredt Expecta-

* tions Mine is right inithe very center of the

zone.” .
A “Those statements are true enough, but you
. must understand that every foot of that ground
Now I am going
you something that will interest you. After
 throw-down from the promoters who

to

c

  

at  ofﬂlg 

 

OUT FOR THE DOLLARS

erty, I went out into the wilds to try my luck 

again. This time I met with the success of mv
life. I found a real lost bonanza—a mine that
had no doubt been worked by. the early Spaniard:
of Mexico."

“You did!" exclaimed Fred.
mine recently’?”

“I rlid."

“And yet you are penniless this moment in
the city of New York."

“Unfortunately that is too true. But you must
remember that I'was not penniless when I reach-
ed New York. Your light-ﬁngered people here
relieved me of nearly one thousand dollars which
I expected to use to pay mv way."

“How did you ﬁnd this mine?” asked Fred, in
a tone of deep interest.

“One day. while following a blind trail which
led in the mesa ” '

“What is a mesa?”

“An elevated table-land, especially one l"l'lE
alongside of a mountain," explained Mr. Baiiey.

“Oh," re‘plied Fred. “Go on.”

“While following the trail in question." cm-
tinued the Westerner, “I discovered behind a vast
growth of cactus a dump pile. «I knew from *-'.h:::
that I was in the immediate neighborhood of an
abandoned mi ie. Pursuing thatlead. I found the
actual entrance to an old mine, but it was all
walled up with rubbish and cement._ Fortunately
I had money enough to file my claim to the
ground. I returned to the mine with suitable
tools and "a couple of donkeys with paniers. I
carried away ore-‘of such richness that thenearest
smelter paid me eighteen hundred dollars for it."

“And what did you do next?”-

“My past experience with the promoters of
the West made me shy of having any more deal-
ings with them, so I packed my grip and came
East to interest some capitalists in the mine
and thus help me to become a millionaire. I in-
tended to have a talk with Mr. Horace Chiswell,
thinking that he might be the man to assist me.
But after the way he treated me in his oﬂice,
into which I had wandered in a dazed state, I
shall have nothing more to do with him. He
has probably lost the chance of his life of get-
tma Into a genuinely good thing on the ground
floor. So you see, young man, though at this

moment I am dependent on your bounty for food-

and a roof to cover me, I am really a kind of
Monte Qristo in disguise."

“Good gracious!” exclaimed the boy, amazed"

at,this revelation. ,

“The value of the help you have given me,
_Sl‘»8nﬁ¢ld. may not be much, but I do not weigh
it in dollars and cents. I accept the motive,

and that is worth more than gold and silver.‘

Young man, you have, in befriending me this
day, done the luckiest act of your life. You will
ﬁnd me as grateful as you could desire, for ‘I

mean to make you a rich boy—-the richest, per-V

hops, in Wall Street."

“You found such a I

 

 

 

.’f}.an.; .;.§...-.}fa.z.:.  .‘x..x.'i..n. ‘4.«'-.‘i':ls-._.m..i., 1-.

Fred stared at the gaunt-looking giant as if  '‘

thought he must be dreaming, or that

:‘

panion had slipped a cog in his mental mak'e{_:i

up. . . . _.
“You seem ihcredulous." added the Westerﬁsr
“Well, I don't blame you. does sound like

dream, my discovery of a to nlously ‘rich mhe--_ ,
. F‘ ow — I

very like -the glowing ad

   

  

No’ .

‘Expectations and other mines of like character.
, Nevertheless. what I. have told You is the Square
‘L- and honest truth. I mean to start a company

’ to work that old‘ Spanish mine, and to th0Se

who will take hold and help me in a trust-

worthy way I oﬁer“ a fortune, for there is _s1l_V8!‘

«enough in that mine to make a hundred million-

,« , aims, perhaps more.”
“And how are you going to start this com-
' Dany?” _

“I want to associate myself with one man, {It
any_ rate. who is thoroughly honest and who IS
‘ well acquainted with the business _end of the

* proposition.” _
“Then why not see Mr. Sherwood, the s_ecre-

j-, 1 tary of the Lost Bonanza? I have found him to
" be every inch a gentleman. I believe him to be
 ' honest and conscientious: 511108 ‘$115519 )5 71° ‘l°“bt
"-. ~ that the mine he is conneced with is a square

 ' one. as you say it is.” _ n

« ‘Will you introduce me to him.

“I will."

‘When can you do so?"

To-moi-row evening I will call here for you

. ..and take you to his apartments uptown.”

 “That will suit me. I have the documents
7'" in this belt around my waist. that will prove

‘ my ownership of the property where the lost

_ Spanish mine is located. He will have to take

‘ my word for the rest until I take him to Mexico
- and show him the actual proof of m_v.statements

about the existence of the mine and its extreme
richness.”

;. “I will send Mr. Sherwood word by mail that
«,3 he may expect us to-morrow night,” said Fred.
 “Ve well. When tlc company has been forni-
ed I 5311 see to ‘t that at least one thousand
shares of the stock is made overto you. Stanﬁeld.
The devidends on that ought ItO make you m-
dependent for life.” ' _ _

. ~ “Thank you, Mr. Bailey, for your kind inten-

-r tions. I shall not refuse the stock when I see
it coming my way. I am out for the dollars,
_ d I am not letting any of them get away from

,lneifIcanhelp it." «

\ ‘You'll never make them quicker than_ you will
through this lost and. refound old Spanish mine-
 This is doubtless one of the famous treasure
 /vaults that- the Spaniards were forced to aban-
: - don, as a consequence of the atrocities practiced
on the Indians. I should not be surprised if the
mine I have rediscovered was the famous Tar-

  
  
   
  
   
 
 
   
   
  

-'was that 2” i _
‘One that was extensively worked by various
,3mniards and la acquired for the crown of
3Dain. It was worked until the time of ‘the
French intenvention in Mexico. when the shafts
Ind‘ tunnels are said to have been concealed by
{the administrator, Don Juan Moreno, an im-
verialist, who was forced to seek safety in flight.
After the restoration many attempts were made
$9 ﬁnd tlie‘inine, but all have failed. ,It would
be funny if I had hit the nail on the head."
".TlBt evening I-‘red went to his room in Harlem
girth his head fairly buzzing over the fabulous
ﬁlver miiierdiscbvered and owned by the Western
gdlnt whose acquaintance ‘he had made under

 

. ‘OUT FOR THE DOLLARS

“The famous Tarasca!” said Fred. “What mine-

‘ \
ll

0

CHAPTER 1x.—'n}e Western Giant Calls‘ On
Sherwood.

The following afternoon Fred's stock closed
at 62. He had sent a special message to Mr.
Sherwood that he was going to call that Ifzht
—with a prospector from the West. He told the
gentleman that Mr. Bailey was rather a remark-
able-looking man in many ways, but he believed
he was perfectly reliable.

‘Afterisupper Fred called at the Mills Hotel
and found the Western giant waiting for him in
the reading-room. They took the Sixth Avenue
elevated at the Bleecker Street station and got
out at Fiftieth Street and Sixth Avenue. From
that point to the swell apartment house where
Mr. Sherwood and his family lived was but a
short walk. The hallboy’s eyes bulged when he
saw the big man whose head brushed the roof of
the elevator cage that carried them up to the
ﬁfth ﬂoor.

Mr. Sherwood himself. who opened the door
into his private hall, was rather surprised. too,
in spite of the fact that he expected to see a man
something out of the ordinary. from Fred's de-
scription. The visitors were invited in, and. after
Fred had introduced his companion. Mr. Bailey
lost no time in getting down to business.

He told his remarkable story in detail, but it
was easy to see that the secretary of the Bonanza
Mine was somewhat incredulous. even after Mr.
Bailey showed him the documents from the Mexi-
can Government which gave him the right to the
property in question.

“The proof of the pudding is in the eating."
said the big man, energetically. “If you can
make arrangements to accompany me to Mexico
I will show you the actual richness of the mine
itself. I assure you that it is exactly as I have
told you.” '

Mr. Sherwood replied that he did not see how
he could get away from New York for the
present. - _

“It won't take you over two weeks, all told.
Mr. Sherwodd, and I will take out enough silver
ore while you are on the ground to pay your ex-

penses twice over and put me on my feet again.” ' ‘

Mr. Sherwood said that he would take the
matter under consideration; Then Mr. Bailey out-
lined his plan for forming a company and work-

wyng the mine ~ .

“I want an honest man in with me this time.
The article seems to be pretty scarce in the min-
iiig world, but our young friend here assures me
that you are a square man from your head
down, and I am willing to take his word for it."

“>1 am sure I am very much obliged to Stanﬁeld
for his good opinion of me." replied Mr. Sher-
wood, with a smile.
world is a good name.” -

“I guess‘that’s right,” answered the Westerner:
“but still vou have to have the money if you
want to get along." .

It _was arranged that Mr. Sherwood would com-
rnumeate with Mr. Bailey in a day or two.
in »a little while he and Fred took their
parture. . ‘ 1

Next morning 0, & G. W. opened at a fraeliiuu
above 62 when business was resumed at the
Exchange. It had gone up to 63 when the chair-

; < i '

in

“A man’t best capital in this .

 

   
  

‘M

’,‘.

7;. 
»'U_"-1.’ " ‘..,\’,. d ‘V , ':

12.

man of the Exchange m,ade*_1he‘ oﬂicial announce-
-ment of the consolidation. " Immediately there
 - _'.was a scramblecamongrthel brokers who had been
-. :~' ' holding off to get some of the shares,’ which
everybody knew would rise in value at once. But,
as was to be expected, nobody was in a hurry
to dispose of a good thing. Consequently the
scarcity of the stock,,with the heavy bidding for
it, made the price soar like a skyrocket. 'While
Fred was executing an errand at a certain broker-
age office he heard about the oflicial announce-
ment of the consolation, and that there was high
jinks goingon at the Exchange. Of course that
madehim feel uncommonly good. It meant that
' he would be a richer boy before the day was out.
In the excitement which ensuedrO. & G. W. went
up to 70 by three o’clock.

When the Exchange closed that day 0. & G. W.
was hovering around 80. Fred thought that
was an inﬂated price for the stock. even under
the improved conditions of the road.

“I’ll bet the insiders will begin selling out at
that price to-morrow, and I think I'd better get
out while the iron is hot."

So-he, gave his order at the bank before the
brokerage department closed at four to sell his
two hundred shares in the morning at the mar-
ket. This was done at 80 3-8, the opening price,
and Fred pocketed a proﬁt of sixty-four hundred
dollars an the deal.

.“Who says that I ain't out for the dollars, eh,
Hattie?" he said to the stenographer next day,
.,wav§ng.his check in her face. “Look here‘ and
  convinced that yours truly is on the up
grade to fortune! _ - . '
’He made it a point to drop in at the office of
Edwards, Sau_nd_ere'&,Co.. where» his friend $illy
- worked, when he was on an errand in that vicin-
" -_ ity. He was so; fortunate as.to ﬁnd Billy in.
—- ’.f‘He_llo. F1-ed.’V' asked Billy, in surprise. .“What
i are you doing up here? ‘You haven’t a message
,£pr2oIr ﬁrm; have you‘!”‘ . . ‘ ”
. “No; I just called in to see you--that's all.
- “Did you? Well, I’m on exhibition till one of
the bosses sends me out on an Aerrantl. What's
' in the wind?! ‘ - '
 “I thought I'd drop up and let you know that
',«,.*I had sold my two hundred "shares of 0.-& G. W.
’ at ahandsomeprolit.‘ I knew you'd want to con-
mratulate me.” - ~ « I
’ ‘ Billy examined Fted’s documents. and nearly

  
   
  
  
  
   
  
    
   
  
 

' were the real thing. _ «-
"Say," he"..exclaimed, “where didmyou get the
thousand dollars to out 119 with ‘he bank?"
 “.011. comehiow. Billy. you want to kIl9W ‘=00
 1 aidn'tTroh anybody.-” -V -' ‘
.~‘é5.."i ’t. wo ‘r abou i then. Just remember
 3:2’): m‘ve:ilyt~‘four hundred dollarsat
 ornent, and that I expect to
 , hero 'L'have less.” .
those words, Fred wished him Rood-‘by and
That evening .1’-‘red dropped in at the

   

E

  

~ 1

    
 
  

 " to 11... -M .’ Bailey. He hardly
. Z  I.   Wist. for litwas_toa20d
” -suit o.£.’:_:Iothes.Va.jWfh1te shirt. and

.aaamemnmm moo?
1*y£ﬁ@nﬂe%wn&e

 

    

l* our FOR THE DQLLARS

f~'had‘a ﬁt when he’rec9ﬂ'ni~zed the fact that the)‘

» "I don‘t suppose‘-you did;_but I can't see—.———" '

‘ 1 . perched‘ h’ ’
 4, 
   l ~ 

  
   

He has decided to go to Mexico‘ with me, and 
making his arrangements to that effect." ’ .-.,
“You don't say?"-replied the boy. “Well. I am, _
glad to hear it.- I wouldn’t mind going to Mexico '
myself for a change. onlvr I can’t aﬁord to chuck 5-,
up my Wall Street job; though I did make sixty- 1;
four hundred dollars "on the market this week." - 
“You made what?” said Mr. Bailey, looking ‘
hard at the boy, for he was not aware that Fred
.was dealing in stocks. "
“Six thousand four hundred dollars. Sounds
big for a boy. doesn’t‘it?" ‘ ‘
“Is this a joke, Stanﬁeld ?" -
“No; it's the real truth. Just glance at that _
check, made payable to my order. and you'll see 
that I am a kind of a small capitalist." _,
The Westerner was much surprised, and want—. _
ed to hear how Fred had made the money. The ;‘_
boy told him how he had made three hundred and 3 E 
forty dollars out of_ his first deal, some time‘ '.
since, by investing a hundred and thirty—ﬁve dol-._ jg
lars in twenty shares of C. & F. Then he'wént‘
into the particulars of the automobile accident. ’
in which he had saved the life of Mr. Sherwood’s 7;
daughter. and he had received ﬁve hundred dollars 
and a new suit of clothes from the capitalist V
who had run him down as a sort of compensation * 
for the shock and the trivial injuries he had .
sustained. » . A 
“Altogether I had one thousand dollars when‘, I___
I got hold of the tip which led me to buy two 
hundred shares of -0. & G. W. at rock-bottom g
ﬁgures. and I_ went in the whole hog on it," con- 9.,
tinued Fred, who then gave him the history of ;
the cipher telegram he had picked up in ‘a brok-_~ "
e s oiﬁce. ‘ ' t *2:
“You're one of the lucky boys, Stanﬁeﬂ.” said 45"
Mr. Bailey. “and I congratuhte you over
success.‘ Don’t forget, however, that you'll

>


2

  
  

our‘.“i. 
:2 in’ 
on this mine down in Mexico to the tune of the . ~,
thousand shares I promised you just as soon‘,-7"
as the company is formed. Your’ present win<

    
    
 
   

).

 

 

         
    
 

  
  
  

nings will cut a small ﬁgure alongside of what
you'll eventually make out of that mi e." .= v i
‘.‘If you talk like that you'll give 8. swelldd
head. Let's go to the theater to-night, Mr. Bin 3’
I'm afraid we'll have totake a back seat, _ '3
you'd shut off the. view of the person who sit
rliiehincl, you if _we got seats in the middle of 
ouse. .- ~
‘ The .,Western giant laughed and said they 
better get box seats. As‘ it was early yet,
decided to ‘walk uptown instead of taking_a,car.' ,
_/When they. reached the neighborhood of the.  js
pire Theater, Mr. Bailey suddenly clutched Pref ' ‘
by the arm and exclaimed: - . 
'“There’s one of the rascals who robbed me.” -
The boy looked at the person indicated 
companion and was astonished to,.recognixe_ tlre_~
accused individual‘ as ‘Julius 14111131301319, rhiaplayo
boss's cashier. - ‘

     

 

  
 

, CHAPTER 'xn.—rrhe Unmasking pr .m;...’:
Lanxhorne.  I '

Lap horn ‘was attired in‘ a dress suiyparﬂ Z r
concea ed mcider his overcoat; a silk  

  
   
   

gt

    
  

   
    

  

‘

4

  

4-7 3' I

   

paid little attention to his imposing msike-Ill-N
. He fsimnly saw in the man one of the rasca s wiio
i‘. had robbed him of nearly a thousand dollars, and

with a snort of resentment he bore down on Lang-
’ home like a Western cyclone. The cashier did not
observe his approach until the giant reached out
‘his arm and grabbed him by the lapel of his over-
,: coat. ~ '
 “Come now," roared Mr. Bailey, “I want that
 money you and your friend robbed me of "a week
ago. Ante up, or by the living Jingo-—— _ p
- . Langhorne nearly collapsed when he_ recogmqed
3 who had hold of him. There was nothing f°1‘ hm“

 
  
  
  
   

vs‘ ' to do but put up a"zood bluﬁ.
53- ‘ “What do you mean, fellow‘!-" he demanded.

g.

with! well-assumed indliglriagiﬁin. 'f‘ﬁRemgVe 3'03!‘
1; f oat, or ’ c an o cer. .

’ afl‘1Thar1?:il'l“)[iicst suit me, mister. Call one right
away. If you don't, I will.” _

“What do you mean?" gasped the cashier. ,_

/ “I mean you're the thief that robbed me, with
‘the he}? of a companion, of one thousand dollars
- Last week. On pretense of showing me the town
" you two got me into a sialoon, inﬁited 11:18 to driynk,
d 1' went t roug me. ou
."g!l:giige:d1'lyn <yin<alqt.‘ll'i(<))iis‘iiIr!id dollars. I want it back,
d'ye hear?” ~ '
3-3 A crowd began to collect around them, attracted
a‘s_.much by the uncommon height of the .West-
carrier as bv the charge he was bringing against
the cashier. It happened that a policeman was
coming down the street at the time, and he took
a hand in the proceedings. . ‘

“What is the trouble?” he asked, forcing its way
I through the circle of curious onlookers. "
. “This man is a thief, and I =want_him_ arnested,
. said Mr. Bailey, still retaining a vise-like grip on
3th h‘ . ’
I ﬁTcl‘l:t’lsera lie,”_ retorted -Langhorne-
:2‘-ii.-is crazy.” -
a-..“‘..° .‘V..°“°.:" €::":..:°;'“.“‘: :*°;Y.‘° *“:::‘.“:::-

e ier erii e a 8 any '
{ion with the affair. ’' _ ._

.- ‘Do I look like a crook? ‘he asked indignantly.
 "I w:nt you -to understand that I am a gentle-
As Mr. Bailey insisted that Lanizhorne was mul-
’?.i.i‘g‘i.f';”“i.:”° 33?‘? ““3i3'§§iZ°°zL‘§§ ?sﬁ£'§Z

‘ cas er e we _
gutation, where the sergeant would decide the ques-
.};..‘‘°'‘ °‘ "°"“"" “ii” °" ’l.°‘£ hT'i1§°€;“§.§ ii.‘-’fi'."‘3’.‘§
:. ' , u e

' ,t"lt ':sj§§c°ih?gs.:me. At the Iitation, M_r.
 ‘ prgferred his charge against nghorne in
 -‘uncertain tones. and d9m5_“d°‘_1 “mt J” b‘’‘
" ' up pending his examination before I
. ° trate. The cashierinsisted that it was a
 of mistaken -identity. '

" I‘! can prove who I am by Unit 5037.” he said.
2: «mil tingat Fred. v
 you know this man?” asked the‘ sergeant of

  
    
  
 
 

 

“The man

   
 
   
 
     

    
 
    
  
   
    
   
 

 . V'h.._H.  L8n_

lit’: l¢‘:Shler]sf(!J‘:n1ﬁfl-s'J~aCl‘§u‘So3K°°§9
, Wall Street.’ .

said the turnin to the

 

3° "?“  

\
.-

OUT FOR THE DOLLARS

. home,” he said to Mr. Bailey, when the

 '-r-rv°-::i*.1rvo+=wve wt ' :8 " “*°_ “Piss *:.i..e.l’°':"°  I We ........a  g:

13

"Have you any evidence to show that you may
not be mistaken in the person?"

“I have.”

“VVhat is it?"

“The peculiar scar over his right eye, for one
thing, and the diamond ring on his left h:m.l, for
another. I identify that ring as my property. It
was given me by an old trie-nu, ....u ii )0... will
ask him to hand it to you, you will ﬁnd engraved
inside the initials ‘J. C. to A. B.’ vfhe A. B,
stands for Andrew Bailey, which is my name."

At those words Langhornes ..;r\e ::..,.\i ,il_V
deserted him and he turned white. He forgot
until that critical moment that he had been so
foolish as to wear the valuable diamond ring he
had taken from the hand of the man he had
assisted in robbing. That the ring contained a
superscription by which it could be no'si..\cl_v
identiﬁed by its owner had never occurred to him.

Now it was about to incriminate him, for it
was a piece of evidence that he did not know how
to get around. \ .

The ring was taken _from the prisoner’s hand
by the officer who had made the arrest, and the -
inscription being found to agree with the accuser’s
words, the sergeant felt that it was up to him to
hold Langhorne, and he did. The cashier, after
being obliged to give his pedigree, was taken to a
cell and locked up. There was no one more sur-
prised at the outcome ofsthe affair than Fred
Stanﬁeld.

While there was no love lost between him and
Julius Langhorne, he never dreamed for a mo-
ment that Mr. Osgood’s cashier was in any’re-
sp‘ect crooked. To find him imnlicated in a rob-
bery, in which knock—out drops were given to the
victim to make its accomplishment easy, was a ‘
startler for the boy. i ’ .

“I never would have believed this of Lang-
left the
police station. “I can’t see whatever in uced him
to engage in such a rascally game. He gets a
good salary at 0sgood’s, and oughtn't to be in
such ‘desperate need of money as to resort to a
crime for it.”

“He ‘looks to me like a city sport,” replied the
Western man. “And such chaps can’ get away
with a good deal of money one’ way or another.
When they happen to be short they will take
chances in order to get the stuff.” '

“I suppose you intend to appear against him
in the morning at the Jefferson Market Court?”

“I do. By the way, where is the courthouse?”

It is at the corner of Sixth Avenue and Christ-
opher street.”

“How will I get to it from the Mills Hotel?”

‘?It’s only a short walk, but still, if you don't
start right you're liable to get all mixed up trying
to fetch Sixth avenue from Bleecker street,. Sul-
livan street crosses Bleecker near your hotel. '
Walk u that street to West Third street, which
you can t miss, because the elevated railway runs
along it. Follow the elevated westward and it
will take you right into Sixth avenue. 1.00%
up the street, you'will see a building with a
clock tower oirthe west side of the avenue. That ’
is Jefferson Market. Any one will show you the ’

v

 
    

_ u

the place 

 

 

     
  

14 _ ‘ ' OUT FOR THE DOLLARS

Mr. Bailey and Fred patronized a music hall
that night and saw a good show, after which the
giant Loarded a Sixth avenue train for Bleecxer
s;i-e..-: station, while Fred took a train in the op-
posite direction for Harlem.

CHAPTER XIII.—Fred’s Deal with Billy Brown.

Mr. Langho'rne’s arrest was duly chronicled in
the morﬁingopapgg, aggi of  heéo did noltl ap-
pear at r. sg s ce a e cus inary our.
In fact, he never appeared there again, for the
magistrate remanded him for trial on Mr. Bailey s
charge, and he was taken down to the Tombs

‘ Prison and put in a cell, as no one came forward

to bail him out. Mr. Osgood investigated the
case, and, being satisﬁed that Langhorne was
guilty, he hired anew cashier. which terminated
Langhoi-ne’s connection with Wall Street. In due
time he was convicted, together with his associate
in the job, who was caught by the police and con-
fessed, and they both went up the river for a few
years. The day after Langhorne’s arrest Mr.
Sherwood sent word to Fred that he would like to
see him that evening, and so, about eight o'clock,
the boy went to his apartments. Mr. Sherwood
told him that he ‘had made ﬁfty thousand dollars
out of the 0. & G. W. deal, and thathe was now
prepared to keep his promise to give him_twenty
per cent .of the proﬁts made out of the tip Fred
had brought under his notice. With those words
he handed the young messenger his check for ten
thousand dollars. Fred thanked him for his gen-
erosity and shortly afterward took his leave. It
was about this time that Fred noticed that a cer-
tain stock known as 0. J: M. was selling low in the
market. He looked in the past records of the
road and saw that it_ ad never been at such a
depreciated ﬁgure. Guessing there must be some
cause why a stock that had been long numbered
among the gilt-edged securities should be down
below its normal value, he began to make in-
quiries in an offhand way among peonl Who
were supposed to know all that was going on in
the Street. No one, however, could tell him, or

" would tell him, why 0. J: M. was in the dumps.

j'It's ten points below its usual place in the
market," the boy mused. “Maybe that's because
the market is oil’. It won't stay at that ﬁgure
' ' ' I_guess I'll buy a

The stock was now ruling‘ at 59, and so Fred

countable decline of O. h M. was due to the secret

gm it, and then buy for the rise that was sure to
allow when the market became bullish once more.
glad the stock for a week before the shares

of the market began to improve the stock
' of recovery. Within two or three
it advanced to 63, and as matters bright-

it went up\to ‘IQ, Whidhyﬂs-8l)0IIt its real

any perceptible activity. Then as the,

As Fred thought it might go a little higher, he
did not sell at once. He proved to be a wise pro-
phet. It suddenly took on a boom and, amid grbat
excitement in the Exchange, went up to 80. '

Fred concluded that he would not take any
further chance with it. as he was sure it would
not remain long at that price, and he ordered
his shares- sold. Next dav'his statement showed
that he had made twenty thousand six hundred
dollars, and he hugged himself with glee.

“That makes me worth thirty-eight thousand
dollars,” he said to himself.

This time he did not tell either Hattie or Billy
Brown about his good luck. _

“I guess I’d better keep my business to myself
after this. I don’t think it pays to let every one
into your private alfairs. They say that a still
tongue is the sign of a wise head. so I'm going
to hold mine about this."

Before the trial of Longhorne came off, Mr.
Sherwood and the Western giant went to Mexico
together, and the secretary of the Bonanza Mine
saw enough to assure him that Mr. Bailey was
a second Monte Cristo. While Mr. Sherwood was
on the ground they took out between them ore
that was subsequently sold at a smelter’s for ﬁve
thousand dollars. and then the two men returned
to New York to arrange about the formation of
a company, which. _on account of the richness
oi the mine, was to be something of a close cor-
poration. In the meanwhile Fred continued to
attend to his regular duties at Mr. Chiswell’s

oﬁice, the leading feature of which continued to —

be the promotion of the Great Expectations Min-
ing and Milling Company.

The most ﬂattering reports were frequently re-
ceived from the superintendent in charge of the
property through the main ofﬁce at Denver. Sev-
eral assay certiﬁcates were added to the framed
collection on the walls of the reception-room,
and Mr. Chiswell pointed to them with a great
deal of apparent satisfaction when he had a new
customer to convince about the merits of the
mine. .{\1though'it was occasionally announced
tha* a dividend would shortly be declared. it was
deferred for one reason or another. Sometimes
a serious cave-in was reported just at a critical
point, which delayed the production of ore, or
new machinery, it was said. had to be installed to
overcome unforeseen obstacles. Then there was a‘
Strike «" "mi: the peons who were said to be
working in the mine, or some convulsion of na-
ture happened when not expected. ‘ .

At any rate, there was no dividend. though th
prospects of the min; continued to expand with
every month—so ..eaid the advertisements and
circulars. v9ut-of-.town people who had invested
in the stock began to come to the olfice fre-
quently now to see how things were coming on,
and they were always taken in hand and we]-
comed by Mr. Chiswell as though they were
members of his own personal family. lf they
were owners of ﬁve hundred shares or upward,
he took them out to dinner. and sent them home

feeling like bonanza kings of the future. While "
Fred  no positive evidence that Great Ex- ,"
pectations was not all it was cracked up to 

that is, outside of Mr. Bailey's assertion to 
contrary—still. the longer be worked for In. e
Chiswell the more he suspected that his 

4.

was aboutas slick as stock promoters,

 

    
   
     
   
  
    
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
  

‘ If there had been any complaints about prom-
"' ‘ises not having been kept with regard to the
Great Expectations Mine, Fred never heard_o1
them, and so he had no real reason for being
dissatisﬁed with his job. However, he expected
A,-= l3ailey’s company became an accomplished. fact,
 Mr. Shel’-wood was going to remove the office of
the Bonanza Mine to more commodious quarters
‘in Wall Street, where_ he would be able to look
~.'_- after the new company as well as the old one,
". and Fred was promised a position that would Day
. him much better than the ode he now»held.

The day after the conviction of Julius Lana‘-
horne and his associate, Billy met Fred on Broad
-.;_ Street. ‘ '
;’ -.. “Say, Fred,” cried Billy, in a tone of some ex-
‘§%iteinent, “I’m on to one of the biggest _Wall
(N Street deals of the year." '
;. ‘__ _“Whatis it?" ' n

" “What will you give to know?
“Oh, that's your game, is it?
me a tip, eh ?" _
’ .''‘I don’t want any money for it. I want you
. '_ to back me up on one hundred shares of ancertain
’ ‘ stock that is going to be bo_0n_1edot_0 D313 7"
‘ “A hundred shares? What IS it going for now .

. "About 80.” '
7», »'‘Then you want eight hundred dollars for this
.2» tip of yours. It must be a pretty good one."
“It's a ﬁne one. If you don’t think so, after
I tell you about it, you needn't do anything
about it. except keep your mouth shut, which you
must promise to do, anyway, before I say a word
 on the subject.”
‘ “All right, I’ll agree to do that, at any rate.”
‘Now, you’v_e got ‘seven thousand dollars, that
 J01: made on 0. dz G. W.,” said Billy, who was
‘ignortant of the fact that Fred was now actually
worth _thirtv-eight thousand dollars. “Promise
-that you'll back me ‘up on one hundred shares
in this deal and I'll tell you all I know." _
' ' Fred promised to do so if he considered Billy’s
 tip was worth the risk. _ » _
' ‘Well, there was a meeting of some bigbrokers
.. in our oﬂice yesterday-afternoon. and I discovered
‘ [ keeping my ears wide open that a combination
 been formed to boost L. & M. to par or
9"?-' . . .
“_Give me the ‘particulars, Billy,” said Fred,
«mm ‘ ’

Want to sell

 
   
   
   
  
  
   
     
    
     
   
  
  
   

ﬂat the pointer had a good foundation in fact.
‘:.“You say Mainwaring, Smith, Edizeljton. and
‘her: of the some stamp are in this thing. 911-’
,Bi1ly nodded. _ . n »
‘Tlnose men are millionaires.
_-‘?Yon bet they are. They've‘ got the,cash to
 the thing thi_-curt}!-" -
  ﬁrm 1s'K0mR‘ 90

t’s what.” . * .
are they going to start in?" "

, marrow morning." .
Billy, this. I’ll make you the

do the buying and

 
   
  

-ilaleéto you, in cash. it
 >tlﬂdD91'0ﬁ:.'0ylIﬂlll1nd1'BdSl|&tOI—&3to

     
 

   

. lla_i-s. For every pointitgoel
;.hC.1;lﬂ|_ﬁBOl|r!1._‘_ 
  «:—~'~"" ‘ii-’ ‘- '-.u =4

—t u  T

was

OUT FOR _THE DOLLARS

‘ to make a change soon, anyway. for when Mr..-

I. Billy gave them to him, and his friend saw’

  
 

15

dred dollars more. so that if it goes to par, and I
hold on that long and then get out in safety,
your proﬁt will be two thousand dollars. 'I'hat’s
fair, isn’t it?”

“‘Do you mean that?” asked Billy, feverishly.
to whom one thousand dollars, let alone two thou-
sand, looked like a mint of money.

“I do mean it, Billy. And there's my hand
on it.
word.”

“Sure I can. If I make two thousand dollars,
you ought to clear six‘times that with your
boodle."

“Well, it's a bargain, Billy. I shall start in
and buy L. & M. right away. I’ll leave my
order with this bank this afternoon, if I can
get the chance to go there before the brokerage
department closes for the day."

The two boys’ shook hands once more over the
arrangement and then separated.

CHAPTER XIV.—The llian With Blood In His
Eye.

Fred found a chance that afternoon to go to
the little bank on Nassau Street in time to order
the purchase of three thousand shares of L. &
M. for his account. This was an unusually big
order for the bank to receive from a patron, and
the margin clerk had to consult with the cashier
of the establishment before he could accept it.
The deal involved a matter of two hundred and
forty thousand dollars in the aggregate, and the
bank, to carry-it, would be obliged to borrow
money on the shares from a larger bank to pay
for them. However, the matter was arranged
and the deal made.
morning on the street he told him he had in-
vested a party of his money in L. & M. Billy
did not ask him how many shares he had bought.
presuming that he had purchased eight hundred
or nine hundred.

“This is where I make my first stake,” said,

Billly’, “and where you add a big wad to your
pi e.

“I hope so." replied Fred.

“You can be sure of it if you sell around par.

The syndicate intend to push it to that ﬁgure,
atﬂanv rate, and they have the money to do it
wi .” -
__Bll1Y had no time to talk further on the sub,
Jcct, and so the boys went their several ways.
Hattie noticed that Fred was taking an unusual
interest in the ticker these days. and she asked
him if he was in the market'again.

“Yes, I've bought a few shares of L. 4% M.’

"lWhy L. & M.‘!" asked the stenographer, curi-
ous y.

“Because I  it’s- going up.”

:Are you w,orkIn2 on a tip?" .

Hﬁttle. youre like all the Kil‘ls—you wut to
know eve ' v

‘Thank you.
inent."

“Well, if

working on a tip.»
"I don’t.no_m

» 5

._ , U {

  

. '3

    

-I guess you can trust me to keep my _

When Fred met Billy next '

 

'1 don’t think thatlis . 
you wantuto  very bad. 
‘l to but ' .

.—e.._ 

 
  

  
 

16

“Well. you saw how I got hold of_ that cipher
telegram. didn't you, and translated‘it 1"

“That was an accident. If you hadn't been sent
totTrufsdale’s office that day you wouldn't have
go it. _

“If Mr. Smith hadn‘t dropped it out of his
pocket I wouldn’t have got it, either, whether I
,; _ -went to Truesdale's or not.” _

 _ “Well, how did you manage to get this one ?"

“A friend of mine got it, and I made a deal
with him to use it.”

“Then you got it second-hand?”

“Yes.” _

“Are you sure it's to be relied on . ’

“Oh, yes; I am prepared to take the risk.’

“When did you go into the deal?”

“Yesterday afternoon."

“You are certainly out _for the dollars, Freddy,
to useiyour own expression. I hope you wont
slip up this time and lose all that you’re made.”

‘I’m not worryinz about that.”

At that moment 9. big man, who Seemed to be

‘ not a little excited, entered the room.

, “Is Mr. Chiswell in?”‘he inquired, in a tone
I that Fred did not like. . ‘
‘jg’ “N0, . Sir." V

-1 “Where is be?”

“Gone to lunch."

‘When will he be back?” v_

. ‘I couldn't say positively. He may return in

half an hour and he may not be back for an
hour or two." . _ _ _

The visitor muttered some unintelligible ex-

precision under his breath. _ _

“I’ll come back again."*he said, turninsz toward

the door. ‘
, “Who shall I say celled. i! ﬁr. Chiswell should
return o on come back. ‘ V

“Myig William Blackwood. I'll be back
inside of an ho ." _ ‘ _

He slammed e door after him in quite an

enogotic way. _ _
, I “ e seemed to be mad about something," said
, Frail to the Kiri. ‘ ,_ .
, “He didn't look very pleasant ,
‘ ‘Is that the way‘ a man looks when his wife
“asks him tormoney 1" srinned Fred-
“I’m sure I don’t know, as I have never been
H man-led." laughed Hattie.
V “i nrppoae youexpect to be. don’t you '!"
,’ “What?”
‘—‘ “lieu-led." ‘
 :‘‘I’m not sure that anybody will ever honor me
X I, ," she said, with a demure smile.
 3 ‘Why not?” i _ _ _
‘Dear-me. how inquisitive you are. Fred Stan-
ﬁeld.’

“gin:-etty girl like you is/bound to Rat a nro~
‘ ‘ml 01.35?’-“-"

Area? you comvlimentaty?" 9116 13l%Eh°d-

1‘_ ell,-you are pretty, aren't you ?” _ ~

7"'1,)hat’s rather an embarrasﬁlnx question to an-
‘ 3' . \ 4 V '

  ou'rs’ F  retty. 1:’ any rate.“ 
‘blizshed a:d.look:d down at her time-

/'
919

 
 

\

  
  

  

  
   
 

  
  

     to
 “  r

«.1. L ‘H

OUT FOR THE DOLLARS

‘ umbrella. .

~ “Here's Mr. Chiswell now.’ said Fred,

“Why. Fred Stanﬁeld!” gasped Hattie, blush-
ing as red as a rose. i
“What's the matter? Did I surprise you '3”
“I should say you did.” _ . _

“Well, are you going to answer my question 2"

“Now, Fred, go back to your desk. I'm busy,"
replied the girl. in some confusion. .

“Is that a throw-down. or what?” asked Fred.
putting: his arm around her. '

“Don’t be foolish.”

“Perhaps you think I_’m. not in earnest. Well,
I am. Do you like me wellenough to‘ say you'll
marry me. some day? Don't you know that I
think there isn't another girl in all the world just
as sweet and as good as you are? Come now,
tell me.—-do vou care for me or don’t ’ ‘S

He raised her head and looked into.her eyes. ‘

“Yes. I do care for you. Fred-——more than.
anybody else in the world.”

Their lips met in a kiss, and then Fred started
for his desk. for he had seen the handle of
the door turn, and a moment later it opened and ' 3
admitted a tall, sanctimonious-looking stranger. '
dressed in solemn black that fully agreed with
the melancholy cast of his features. He was
smoothly shavgn and carried a book and ‘an

 

.... Xx. V‘   ...i ‘ ‘ -+ ‘ 7, 

 

   
 
  
   
  
  
  
 

“Is Mr. Horace Chiswell in?” he asked. with- 
out a smile. ’
' “No, sir; he's out at lunch.” '

“Peradventure he will return shortly ?" asked
the visitor in black. ~

“Yes, sir: he's liable to come at any moment.’ .

“I presume .1 may wait, young sir '3'’

“Sure. Take a seat, sir.” , V

The caller sat down, with his umbrella between ,
his leks. and looked solemnly around at the differ-
ent objects in the room. Fred watched him out "
of the corner of his eye. and wondered whether he
had called_ to buy some Great Expectations stock.
or to solicit a subscription for a foreign 
sion. , - , . '3

After a while the boy went over to the ticker 
to see if there were any developments in L. I =
M. stock. There we:-e_quite a number of sales
recorded at prices varying from 80 7-8 tov8l 6-8.
The solemn stranger watched him for a while in 
silence. Finally he arose and approached. . ‘

“Young sir. may I ask if this is the instrument}-
known as the ticker ‘I!’ lie inquired. "

“Yes, sir; this is the ticker, or indicator.”

“I believe it indicates the fluctuations of the-— .1.
aliem! stock market '1", ' '

“That's right." » _. ,

“I like not the sound. It partakes too much
of the sordid side of life. It is an invention pl
Belial.” » ’

“I've heard the name of the man who invented
filxiniiistrument. and I’m sure that it wasn’t.&-

  
     

      
       
  

1

 
 
    
     
      
   

    
       
     

    
      
  
   
    
   
 

. “Belial, young sir. ‘means a personiﬁcation pf
all that's  Peradventure you are not»-——e—, _.
C _ute{ilte:‘l;.isr°1ioment the dooropened andylfr.

       
  

     
  
 
 
 

  
 

liisemployer had turned u
...zI:*.v: so 
6 to
. , j.ia.tid of ‘

' .

 
 
 

   

 wood, the man who had called half an hour Inje-
viously, entered the room with an aggressive 311'-
As soon as his eyes rested on Mr. (jhisvvell be
rushed up to him and shook hisﬁst in his face.
‘ “You are a swindler, sir!" he roared violently,
while the ministerial-looking man shrank back-
“A swindler! Do you hear‘ me? You induced
me to buy ﬁve thousand shares of your Great
Expectations Mining and Millinz C0!_!1D=1nY 5300*-
for which I paid you one thousand dollars cash.
I've just received a letter from my nephew. who
went to Chihuahua, Mexico,  look into that
mine. He says that the mine isn't worth a tm-
ker’s ouﬁt. Are you listening to _me. 311"-’_ He
say that there isn't a piece of milling machinery
on ground. In a word.,s1I‘. he SEYS the
whole thing is a ﬁi-st-class fraud. Do_ you hear
me,‘ sir?—a first-class fraud. Now. $13‘. I Want
my thousand dollars back. and I Want 1*? blamed
quitk. Ante up, or I'll blow the whole roof off
your head!’
. The irate caller drew a navy revolver and
3" ﬂourished it in the air. Hattie uttered a little
shriek and looked as if she was going to faint,
while the broker started back. white with fear.
As for the missionary home collector, he beat a
hurried retreat into the corridor and made tracks
for the nearest elevator.

  
  
      
 
    
  
      
     
   
    
  
   
 
   
   
   
 
  
      
  

CHAPTER iiv.—i~*re.i Deals
Situation.

/, /
:,',. » Fred was the only one who. did not lose 
='. ' head. It is true he was startledwhen the belli-
xerait visitor drew his wicked-looking revolver
and seemed on the point of making things hum
in the oﬂice. But, ’ust the same, he never was
cooler in his life. atever might be the caller’s
grievances, he had no right to draw a weapon,
and Fred knew it. As the man was too but
and dangerous for him to tackle in the ordinary
way, he grabbed up a heavy cane that stood
= against the wall near the tlcket_ and struck the
‘ aller a smart blow on the. wrist of the hand
52’: , that held the gun. The man uttered a howl of
I  pain and surprise, and the revolver dropped on
the ﬂoor, Fred sprang forward and picked it

‘3’- . . , .
_ - “Don't get excited, SIP.‘ You ve laid yourself
‘:'».-J, .open to arrest by drawing this revolver "and
£5 threatening Mr. Chiswell with It. Youd better
 .¢oo1 down and ti-y‘to square yourself."
a ‘ Mr. Chiswell, who had been much taken aback
" by the man's assertions with relation t0 the
I Great Expectations Mine, now, saw_his advantage.
j" His caller had to some _extent_ Placed himself
,in his power by foolishly drawinz his l‘°V°1"°"
‘ and threatening his life. He may not‘ have meant
«to carry out his threat. but he had made it before
9. ‘vi ' and Mr. Chiswell was Quick to D€!j¢€lV€
tilts he could use it to advance his own inter-
M ‘Miss Richmond,” he said, turning to the _steno-
3 ltrapher, “ lease go to the telephone and ring up
the Old  station. Tell the sergeant to send
in policeman here :right———"
Fllold on.’ cried the visitor. as he began _to
‘ the hole he had placed himself in.
"and for an oﬂlcer. I'll-—I'll'~apologi7.e.”

~-‘.\

 

OUT FOR THE DOLLARS

with a Strenuous,

17

“Very well, then. Never mind that message
ROW. Miss Richmond. Come into my private oﬂice.
Mr. Blackwood, and we'll talk matters over in a
rational way."

The Viﬁitori now as meek as a lamb, followed
the broker into his sanctum and the door was
closed after them. Fred laid the revolver on
his table and walked over to Hattie, who had not
yet recovered from her scare.

“Brace up, Hattie,” he said; “the trouble is
al over." _ V

I wonder whether there is anything the mat-
ter with the Great Expectations Mine?” said Hat-
tie._ “This Mr. Blackwood called Mr. Chiswell a
swindler."

“He_s_aid he had a letter from his nephew, who

_ had V1SltF‘d the property. and who reported to
him that there wasn't any milling machinery
on the place. and that the whole concern wasn't
worth a tinker's outfit."

“I have always been afraid that something un-
pleasant would eventually come out about the
mine, on account_ of the glowing promises made
by the company in their advertisements and cir-
culars. It did seem as if the real facts were
overdrawn."

“I have a lot to tell you about this Mr. Bailey -

that will astoiiish “you. However, as I was about

to say. he discovered the original ore outcrop--

pings on the ground now owned by the Great Ex-
pectations Company. At that time he sup sed
he had come upon a good thing, but after h
swindled out of his rights by the men he took in
with himrit turned out that the ore found on the
property was of a poor quality hardly worth
the cost of mining. He claims, therefore, that all
the statements made by the company to dispose
of its stock are practically untrue, and that Great
Expectations is simply a first-class fraud. So you
see that the information which this man now with
Mr. Chiswell in his private oﬂice claims to have

‘received from his nephew bears out just what
Mr. Bailey told me.” '

“Dear me, I am beginning to wish I was out of
this oﬂiee,” said Hattie.

“I am glad you do. Hattie, for I want you to
come with me into Mr. Sherwood’s employ when
Mr. Bailey's new company is f i-med.”

“What do you mean by Mr. Q3

pany?"
, “fI‘he name hasn't been selected yet, but will
be_ in a week or so, when the articles of incorpor-
ation are ready to be ﬁled. Mr. Bailey has dis-
covered a real bonanza this time in Chihuahua,
Me-V109. and not so very far from Great Ex-
pectations. There's no doubt about its value, for
it seems to have been originally worked by the
Spaniards of l_ong_ago and then-concealed and
abandoned by its Kdiscoverers for good reasons of
their 0W11-. 1 am to have one thousand shares of
the stock of ‘this new company for nothing, just
because I was good to Mr. Bailey when he was
in trouble. If you remember, you scolded me at
the time for parting with the price -of a week's:
lodgmir and some cash to the Western giant. I
think you said I wasan easy mark, and you may
recollect that I told you that time would prove
whether I was or not., I think you'll have to ad-
mit now that .I made a pretty good investment.’

Fred told her of the plans of Mr. Sherwood ea
remove to a suite of oﬂicoein the Juror n..‘:i.i.

was V

ailey’s new com-'

 
 

 18

ing, and how he had spoken for a position for her
as general stenographer for the establishment,
hoping that she would agree to leave Mr. Chis-
well’s employ when he did himself. .

“And now another thing. Hattie. I never told
you rthat after making that sixty-four hundred-
dollar deal in 0. & G. W. I subsequently went
into a deal in C. & M.”

“Why, no. Did you?” '

-“Yes; I bought one thousand shares and cleared
over twenty thousand dollars on it.” ‘

“You don't mean that?” she cried in astonish-
ment. .

“I do mean it. Hat. And now I’ve put twenty-
gzuﬁ ”thousand dollars of my capital into L.

“How many shares did you buy '2” r 1

__ “Three thousand. I expect to clear thirty thou-
sand to forty thousand dollars out of it.”

“Is it possible?”

“Yes, it is quite possible that I may. The last
time I looked at the ticker L. & M. was quoted
at 81. That was the time when the solemn mis-
sionery collector was in here. Did you hear what
he called the indicator '2”

“No.”

“He called it a wicked instrurnent—the inven-
tion of Belial, which means the'0ld Nick, for he
said it was the -equivalent of -all that was bad.
That reminds me’ that I mustisee what the stock
closed at in the Exchange. It is now nearly four.”

Fred went over and consulted the tape.

“The last quotation was 82, Hattie, so you can
easily ﬁgure up that I am six thousand dollars
ahead at this stage of the game.”

‘A that moment the door of the private oﬂice
opened and Mr. Chiswellescorted his visitor out

. into the waiting-room.
' “Stanﬁeld,” said the broker, “please give Mr.
Blackwood his revolver." '

Fred did as he was told. Then the caller took
his departure, apparently in a satisﬁed frame of
mind. Evidently he had come to some‘ arrange-
ment with‘ the Eastern representative of the

5 Great Expectations Mining and jlilling Company.

 

. I ,
CHAPTER XVI.—Expose of the Great Expecta-
tions Mining &‘ Milling Company.

During the remainder of the week L. & M.
slowly advanced in price, ﬁnally closing on Sat-
urday noon at 84. The rise had been so small
_ in this well-known stock that no particular atten-
‘- ' tion was attracted to it, so that the clique of

A . capitalists interested in V the deal were able,
ﬂirough Edwards, Saunders & Co., to gather in
, many thousand shares at a very low price. which

was the object they had in sight. Fred was per-
fectly satisﬁed with the' outlook, and already was

' ’ ' his possible proﬁts, which he knew
Zwonldvhezinc toimount up when the boom set in.
[A surprise in another direction, however, was
awaiting ‘the young messenger, as well as others
 whom he’was associated. A
A big New York City daily, which may not
4 1' ' ed as  patronage from
.thevGreat%Exveetati_onsllminzax_1d.Mi111mz C0 -<
iteousidered itself entitled to, sent a

 

   
  
    
   
   
  
   
  

-‘.“.

' 4»? H°¥i?°3E° ‘rife 9" W W:

IOUT Font THE DOLLARS

conditions of the property, and the story ap-
peared, with appropriate illustrations, under the
title of “Another Colossal Mining Fake Exposed,"
on the Sunday morning following the events we _
have just described. The reporter told his story
with the usual brutal frankness of such gentle-
men of the‘press when under orders to show up
an existing evil. The expose occupied the central
double page of the magazine section of the news-
paper, and it was naturally read by thousands of 3
people who had bought the mining stock in ques- A
tion. Mr. Chiswell read it in his bachelor apart-
ments uptown, and it came like a shock to -him,
for he had heard nothing about the investiga-
tion. ' v

Its publication came like a clap of thunder out

- ‘of a clear sky, and Mr. Chiswell soon arrived at

the conclusion that the forty per cent. proﬁt he
had received for the sale of many thousands of
shares at from ﬁve to thirty cents would not pay
him for the trouble that he could see ahead as
soon as the furious purchasers of the stock began
a descent on his oﬂice. intent on getting satisfac-
tion If they could not recover their money. Mr.
Chiswell, much as he regretted the unwelcome
publicity in which he himself was much in-
volved as was .the company in far-oﬁ' enver, was
a man of resources. He did not lose his head be-- -
cause he saw disaster ahead, but determined to
avail himself of the twenty-four hours that were
yet his own. V . -

The result of his deliberations was that he
took an underground train for Wall Street, went
to his oﬂice, and» spent the greater part of the
day packing up such valuables as he felt he could
remove expeditiously. The last thing he did was
to draw a check to “Self” for the total amount of
money he had on deposit at a well-known bank
and put the check in his pocketbook ready for
use at ten o'clock next morning. At half-past
seven next morning he made an early call at the
oﬁice with an expressman, and a small load of
bundles were carried down the elevator and placed-
on the wagon, which removed them to his apart-
ments uptown. Practicallv nothing was disturbed , \
in the reception-room, so that when Fred let him- ,
self in with his pass-key at nine o'clock, and , '
Hattie arrived ﬁfteen minutes later. neither had . '
any suspicions that Mr. Chiswell had thrown up
the business andwould appear on the premises
never again.

It happened that neither hadread the paper
containing the article which had exposed the true
state of affairs in the Great Expectations Mining-
and Milling Company, and consequently they were
blissfully ignorant of the storm that was gather-
ing. over the office, and from which their em-
ployer had ﬂed. But they soon became aware
that something unusual was in the wind. Fred
was standing at the ticker waiting for the open-
ing quotations of the stock market, with reference
to L. & M-., and Hattie was ‘posting up some 
work in her books, which .she hadneglected to’ .
do on Saturday, when the door opened and in "9
came Billy Brown. Billy was evidently surprised ' A
to note the serene aspect of the oﬂice. I

“What, all alone!" he exclaimed. ‘ ‘Why, I_ , 
thought there’d be a mob _here by this time.‘ ‘

“A mob!” cried Fred, in surprise. “'What..do

you mean 2" . . . _-
_!.Wln¢»-do-,-Lzneanr >‘ Why.’ you don‘t mean  ,4,

« «
_'< '4..h|L£.a_g.L. - ..

  

.55

    
 

....

   

 '1.
4

 “They do. indeed.

say that you haven't read the article in yester-

day's paper about the Great Expectations Mining

Ind Milling Company '."'

. ._ :3Vhat article and what paper did it appear

in .

1 Billy mentioned the name of athe paper. and
then proceeded to give Fred and Hattie an out-
lnie of the expose. While he was thus engaged
customers of the office began to come in. Every
one asked for Mr. Chiswell, but Fred told them
that the broker had not got downtown yet. By
the time Billy left the room was becoming un-
comfortably ﬁlled with persons with whom Mr.
Chiswell had done business. Fred had nothing
particular to do. for the, quotations from the
Western exchanges were not due« before noon
and after, so he put in time watching the move-

_ merits of the crowd and talking to Hattie.

“Things look bad for the oﬂice, don't they ?"

 he said.

It has only come to what I
— have feared of late.”

The assembled crowd graduallv increased in
size and aggressiveness. All of them were share-
holders in the Great Expectations Company, and
they had come to get some explanation from Mr.
Chiswell about the expose. which had appeared
in print the day before. As Mr. Chiswell failed

_ to put in his appearance. angry remarks and
' threats soon mingled with the general buzz of
conversation. which extended way out in the cor-
ridor, where those swarmed who could not ﬁnd
room in the reception-room.

"Why isn't Mr. Chiswell here 1"’ demanded one
impatient shareholder of the Great Expectations
,Hine, buttonholing Fred.

‘ ‘I couldn't tell you. sir,” replied the boy, with
. his customary politeness.
vi ‘.\When does he usually come to the office ?”

‘About ten o'clock, sir."-

' “It is now half-past eleven. Gentlemen," he

roared out, “it looks as if the _head of'this oﬁiee
1;, doesn't intend to show up to-day. _That can only
" mean one thing-—that he is a swindler and has
‘'1 ‘defrauded us out of our good money. I move
 that a committee of us be formed to consult with
» V the police.” ,»

 This suggestion met with the approbation of

I the majority of those present, and several volun-
teered to go on the committee in -question. Half

- I dozen of the indignant shareholders were ﬁnally
9’ lelected, and they departedpn their errand. while
at the rest nmgined, with ‘ ant accessions, for
E. V further developments. The inconvenience of hav-
 .ing so many disgruntled people in the room and
.. around the door induced Fred, after a consulta-
.. tin with Hattie, to go “downstairs and have ii
 bit with the superintendent of the building.

' '"_ That gentleman came up and, making his way
 Inside, told the mob that their presence there
K could serve no good end. That the best thing

-thevcould do was to elect a committee to inquire
'imo?the matter in a businesslike way, with au-
~‘thoi'-ity to act as their judgment suggested and
=-to. the best [nterests of all. After some objec-
 the part of chronic kickers this plan was
’ into effect, and the names and addresses
present were taken down. V
- .. _ ’ told the spokesman of the com-
-» tnfaak the crowd to go. If they did not,
d‘ he'woulgl—'telcpholIe to the station for

a .

 

    
  
   
   

 

   

OUT FOR THE DOLLARS

 
   

19

oﬂicers to clear the room. ’I'his announcement 1

°f the b0)”s raised a bowl. and several angry
shareholders advised throwing him downstairs.
Fred thereupon told them plainly that he meant
business.

A compromise was eﬂ'ected by which Fred
agreed to leave the committee in charge of the
room. provided they‘ kept the door locked and
1380916 out until he got back. Half of the mob
went down to the_ street, while the rest re-
mained in the corridor to sympathize with one
another over the apparent collapse of the Eastern
branch of the Great Expectations Mining and
Milling Company. .

CHAPTER vXVII.—Conclusion.

Fred concluded that there w reas ~
he should hurry back~to the (illicit? on Wm
_ “If the truth was known, I guess Hgttie and
I ‘are both out of a job. Therefore I don't see
that there’s any call for me to look after me’
office except to see that nothing is taken away.
If Mr. Chiswell turns up this afternoon. well
and good; if he doesn’t, I guess it will be a good
sign that he has skipped the town.”

So, when Fred had ﬁnished his lunch, and
looked at the ticker to see how L. & M. was com-
ing on—-he found it up to 85—he walked down
to see Mr. Sherwood in the Bowling Green Build-
ing. There he found Mr. Bailey, as‘ he half ex-
pected he might, and he told the gentlemen of
the strenuous afternoon he had put in at Mr.
Chiswell’s ofﬁce. They both laughed, for neither
had any’sympathy with the methods employed
by Freds boss to ‘boom a worthless mining
scheme. They had read the story in the news.
paper the morning before, and Mr. Bailey said
he meant to come over_ to see him as soon as he
had completed his _business_ with Mr. Sherwood

_ Fred wated until the bigxwestemer was at
liberty. in then they both went to Mr. Chis-
well’s oﬂice together. Here they found the cor-
ridor as crowded as before with indignant share-
holders. whoae ranks had received many acces-
sions from out-of-tovm patrons of the company
The committee, who, according to am-eemnt_ haj

‘locked themselves in the otﬁce, were stm busy .

d€Vl8inlZ Ways and means of solving the problem
before them’ when Fred arrived with Mr. Bailey.
Aftﬁl‘ they were admitted, Fred took charge of
ahbasketfulr of le_tters_that had been delivered by

e postman during his absence’. He placed them
Oh toll of the safe_in the pnvate room Fr“;
amused himself talkmx to Mr. Bailey and looking
at. the _Gl10t8tlons on the tape until three o'clock
by which time the committee and most of the’
crowd in the corridor had taken their departure.

The last record for the day of L. & M. was
87, which meant that, so far. the young spec“-
lator was about twenty thousand dollars ahead on
his deal.‘“Mr. Bailey congratulated Fred on his
390953 38 811 0l>e!8_tor on the’ market andwished
him Rood luck with his present venture. He
advised him to admit no one to the office on

the following day but we committee who had
alleged 
no Rood _ '

undertaken the investigaﬁg of the
swindle, and Fred thought-lrisiadviee
that he determined to act ‘oi. ig_ V... -

-- * .e . , 

 

 

 
 

  
 

5 ‘.7  The committee in question applied to the courts

2

for a receiver to be put in _charge of Mr. Chis-
' . well’s oﬁlce,,and, their petition being Izrantedg 3
proper person was selected and he took possession.
of the premises. 4 This ended Fred’s and Hattie s
 connection with the oﬂice at the close Of the
. »'j_weelr, and they were not sorry to cut 10058 fwm
;: the ‘Great Expectations interests for 200d and

  
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
    
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
   
  

., __ V In. the meantime L. & ,_had beensteadily
“going up day by day, until it closed at 95 on
Friday afternoon. Saturday mornmt Fred W35
 the visitors’. gallery of the Stock Exchange
__when some announcement was made from the
_ chainnan’s rostrum that caused a rush for the
. - ' L. & Mjstandard, and a_lively bidding for the
_‘ stock set ,,in, which, sent it to ‘par in less than
- half an hour. It closed_at noon at 102. and
then Fred began to” consider th_at_it was time
, for him to get out with his winnings. So he
5 went to the bank and ordered his three thousand
‘'‘‘_shares to be sold 'out Monday morning.‘-
, The order was among the first to be executed
‘; as when the Exchange opened for business on Mon-
day, and Fred's stock went for 103 3-8. He
cleared sixty-nine thousand dollars on the’ deal,
‘out of,whicli «he handed Billy Brown twenty,-t'h_ree
‘hundred dollars as his share of the transaction.
;a’eooi-ding to their agreement. Billy hardly knew
what to do with somuch money, now that he
had it. He had never owned ﬁfty dollars of his
, ownbefore in his life. ' _
 “‘Yon_’d “better put it into several savings banks,
,_ Billy, and forget that you have it,” advised Fred.
’,,,“If you start in risking it on the ‘market to
fimakel more I think Iesee Your ﬁnish In be short

‘-_,"‘_Y,ou’v:e been risking your money on the mar-
etxijzht alonzu and vou haven't seen your ﬁnish
_ '3 re ._ied’Billy., “You must have «made twenty
'th3ns_and'dollars on this deal yourself." ‘

, ...“/Don't try to imitate me, Billy,-. “I've had good
_ I had gone into promiscuous-s ulation I'd
$5 havens ‘bank account of snowba s‘ instead of

‘V
",

'.' ow much are you w_orth‘ now.  _ H

' y;;l‘d likexto satisfy your curiosity if it
ygafr against my pnncinles to save my busi-

rseerets away." _ - ' .
‘mien you won't-tell\mo‘.’.” said Billfy. A . . ‘
V, J€'o',*Billy.. , All I can say is that aid very
eixtifortablv fixed .for aboy of .my_ years.
..?not worth 4‘ inillion yet. but. as I expect to be

 -d_ollars“as,long as I ‘can kick. I‘ hope
 i ﬂdpointone 61 these days-"

5 " .—: and” Hattie enjoyed a vacation» of six
nnﬁl 3ail(e:g’s coinpany,t the Monte-
siixar 2: mpany. wen in o opera-
:» M: ‘_ ‘W8llASt1'8€t..H8tt‘l&

'  cashier..I,nd Fred was
‘ﬂies attended to the business of the

_:coaipas_iy~.j Kr. Bailey presented Fred

 
  
  

    

  

   

    
  

   
  

. thousand shares; ‘It ‘I F

dollar. : »  that in time
 thaw

      

_ OUT" FOR  DOLLARS,

, agar and Mr. Sherwood was secretary. was on

zuma mine, at the special invitation of Mr. Bailey, . -

- Hattie’s wedding.—but their close friends hive, ’

’ and l_’ve had" good pointers to operate with.»

_Bo'ri_i_;', .. _, A

' assistant; Between —

the error of the printer on the
cert

the property. to begin operations in business-
like shape.

Fred now decided that the best way he could
use his capital of one hundred and live thou-
sand dollars was to deposit it with a first-class
trust company to loan out for him at interest.
When he got hold of another tip he knew that
he could borrow enough on his investments to
swing a good-sized deal, and that satisﬁed him.
The exposure of the Great Expectations Company '
in New York brought about.the,.collapse of the
ccmpany itself in Denver. — -

What became of Horace Chiswel-l, Fred did not
learn at once. though after some months he was

 

told that his former boss had settled in ,San 

Francisco, where he was conducting a mining
office on Pine Street. One year 'from the time
that the Great Expedtations Company failed, the
Montezuma Silver Mining Company, of which 5
Andrew Bailey was president and general ma.n- -

the highway. to success. Its stock was worth ‘
three dollars‘ a share on the exchanges, but very?
little of it could be bought at any price. Those
who had been so fortunate as to be invited,
to participate in the development shares at,ﬁfty' 
cents to one dollar a share had made such I  ’,1
good thing that they were not at all anxious to 
dispose of their interest in the mine, which was 
“beginning to pay a regular quarterly dividend. ; 
" Fred was 'n‘ow worth something over one hun—."’ .
dred thousand dollars. and the prospect was that V
he would be worth a good deal more. rig’
the ensuing summer he paid a visit to the Monte ‘ .‘—

  

   

 
  
  
     
     
   
   
      
 
 
 

who entertained
in "Mexico. ‘

~ No time has asyet been set 'forVFred’s’ Asa“ 

him royally while he remained ,}

reason to believe that the happy event will‘ 
pen before next summer comes around. At any,‘
rate. Mr. «Sherwood, acting as trustee for. Fred, ‘
who is nearly twenty, has invested ﬁfteen thouvf .
sand dollars of the young man's money lately ins . ,.
a ﬁne suburban home, presumably for F1’ed'ﬂl'ld,§. 4*"
gum Silver Mine, and is she V to be our 33.; ‘-53
full charge of the mineis Wall Street oﬁlc'e.'n‘*
‘Mr. Sherwood has"»all that he ‘can do toilook‘ .,I',‘~
afterfthe interests of the Bonanza Mine.’ 
thouﬂh Fred is well oﬂifor one ofliis years,jhe

says that he is _still="Out for the Dollars. and
always will be. i. _ _ ' . i " --

-Hattie to -occupy after their honeymoon. v

Fred is ‘now assistant secret y..of the ilontc-‘ilk

  
  

~x___ 

   
      
   

. u‘. . C _ ‘
Next, week’s issue will contain “FOR FAME ’
KND FORTUNE; or  BOY WHO 

, ' '9.

    
 

. “I‘v_visli to say to my  .7
minister, "that the Dl1lD_lt'!8 not /T
ﬁﬁllti 1

. in the~-SImday.Scheol 4
is for ogﬁae 

 -  ,A-ND FORTUNE Vl’EEKLY‘ . 21
I‘ CURRENT NEW'S

 

 

I.‘ WHEAT SEED. FROM TOMB GROWS WHY YOU CRY WHEN YOU PEEL QNIONS

F. H. Johnston. a‘ farmer of Tacoma, Wash..i - , .
has just harvested a bumper crop of wheat that 552% igt‘:S]f3“'°.’é °:f .by 8, fre°hIy'%eeled gmon
~, he says came from seed taken from an Egyptian aroma WE‘)? h ‘?"‘ E“ “‘ t“° “"“Y"‘ 5' 3 5 W“?
. tomb. Mr. Johnston says he got the seeds four C ‘S 3 °“°.° apparent t° '‘ e 59"“. °

_ rs a d . . smell, and by a smai-ting of the eyeballs which,

go an this year the increase was enough being ve Sensﬁve ]_ rt b th._ bi t
- Zoplaxit ﬁfteen acres. The grain is white, very which threy are‘ t‘ ar°_1‘:“ dy ‘Vi 5; :‘ 3"“ 3
hkard, and thehstraw is short, and Johnstcliln sags Imwmon 5' “° a°°“° °"‘° v 533°. ‘''‘’'''‘'e ‘W

i is one o t e variety 0 spring w ea e ' . . . 
em  mm». "°“ . ...;r:::=.:::::: .me.:z:.

’ ' This, ﬁowin over the e eball. forms a curtain .
~ , . TREASURE HUNTER DIES ~_ which prevegts the onionygas from coming in di- ’
‘A tale of a lone man’s quest for treasure, said’ rect contact with the nerves and thus injuring

by folk-lore to have been buried by Indians in the them. - -
{mountains of Kanawha’County, W. Va._., IS be— Tears are _present in the eye at all" times.
1. lieved to have been unfolded by the ﬁnding of a When you wink, a tiny drop of, tear-liquid is
‘ "man's skeleton‘ in the xmountain istrict. A‘ smeared across the ball of the eye and washes ofl’
weather stained newspaper containing’ " 3°°°‘"“ Particles of dust which may have accumulated.
‘ of theﬁeasure. legend was found near the skele- But when this liquid is produced so rapidly that
‘ ton-and led authorities to believe the man met it cannot be carried off down-the nose by the ‘ -
death’ while scouring the mountains for the mound trough at the corner of the eys. the tears o.'er-
'which is said to cover the hidden treasure. ﬂow and run down the face.

  
 
  
      
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
    
    
       

 

 

_ .____- , _ i

‘ BOYS, READ THIS! .
Tan GREATEST DETECTIVE STORIES EVER WRITTEN ARE PUBLISHED IN

.‘ « “MYSTERY MAGAZINE”,
E R_ead.the number out today. on all newsstands. It contains GEORGE BRONSON-
an HOWARIYS detective novelette
1 . - _
. “THE HOODWINKERS” '

' It is full of exciting incidents and contains a dandy plot. , _

.  You»Radio Bugs, Read “DRAWN TEETH” V _  ‘

A .story.of rouglinecks in the underworld, written by JOE BURKE. » ‘ - , 

_ ' ‘ 1 WJZ recently Broadcast It one the Air _ . y

« -' It must baveybeen a good one for that great station to use it.
y And Doii'~.t_  the Two-Put Serial.

‘_‘TﬁE FORBIDDEN ROOM,” by Edward L. Bennett

It Jipa along crowded with m‘ St¢l'y‘I!ld.8dYe!lt1l!‘e from the first
I- ‘ to the ast chapter. ‘

“ ' Do You Want Your ‘Character.  of Charge? -

 Bend LOUISE RICE a sample  your writing and she’ will tell you your best points i,
7».  » _ v in life, advise what is best for you "and help you‘a whole lot. V _
1'  '   SURE TO READ  SHORT STORIES

«-1 ‘lButton£.Button!” by Paul E. Triem: “Reunion,” by Laurence D’0i-say; “The Hypnotic‘
‘ ‘Mystery,’ by Earl W. Scott; “The Clue In the Watch.” by Carl G. Hodges,
'~  ' and “Mixed Trails,” by Freeman Harrison. .-

‘in Masai. There _Are Numerous INTERESTING ARTICLES

They cover all sorts of police and detective’ caseslin real life, and
 .. ., cannot fail to please you. C .

  3.: a Coiiye-‘showefit to Your Friends-.—YAou win Like 1:; . _ ,

 

 
     

  

22

._O|-,—

. Hustling for War News by 

 

By GASTON GARNE

 

(A Serial Story.)

CHAPTER XVIII.-—( Continued). _
V At last they came to a little_ hill on which
.- a rude wireless station was being thrown together
% _ V by some soldiers. ' _ ~
‘ ' Here Rob. found the missing cases.

He asked Captain Niedermann how he come
to discover /them and the reply was that a scout-
in party had stumbled upon the tower by ac-
ci ent.

Rob was now introduced to a young oﬂicer

‘ named Karl Keller, a corporal, who was also a
’- wireless operator, and who spoke English. .

“You two will run this plant tur_nabout,”_ said
the captain. “Your principal business will be
to catch French and_English radiograms. As
the army moves on into Iv‘renoh territory the

lant wil be moved when it gets too far away.

on stick to Keller and he will show you just_

what to do.” ~
' It wouldn’t have been so bad but for Edith.
Rob’s anxiety on her account was too great for
words. but he could only be thankful that she

 had notbeen ca tured.
, “They would ave taken her for a spy, surest
" thing," he told himself. “Finding her masque-
rading in men’s clothes, nothing could have saved

Keller proved a pleasant fellow. He and Rob
impinged in and set up the apparatus. . ‘,

K ‘ on take ﬁi-st sleep," said Keller, when Rob
told him he had been awake all the night before.
I'll call you at midnight.” .

. There was a small guard stationed around the
plant, otherwise the young men found themselves
one. ' ' k

W So_ Rob had a sleep on a couch which had been
furnished them, and shortly after twelve o’clock
he was, aroused. ’

"Catching much?’ he asked. « »
“Oh, pretty good,” was the reply. “I'll stop
with you for an hour so as to break you into our
. Ira S. ' . .
_ Did the Germans win out all along'the~line
..in to-day’s battle?". . .
 "Soefar as I know. Hold on, something is coin.-
- i a now.” , - '
n e listened intently.
f‘Hanced it it isn't New York I’ve picked up,"
 be said.  one is tryin to communicate
 operator named Randaﬁ. Do you happen

ﬁt. know him.
\ “K0,? lied Bob, wondering who it could be but
 was not gratiﬁed. KeHer.did not
dghiaént to itiiiswer the  t all h _
an passed wi on‘ spec appemng.
‘Rob  _ a quite a bunch of radio-
Keller got up. A
lfih.  Of :10
die could ‘not ‘

  

1 _

  
  

          

  
 

A ‘:1 import-
r. 9!. mm, .

  
  

 

- FAME AND}/FORTUNE WEEKLY
    mgeller looked them over but offered on coin-

, that

‘ decidedly. .

: and this was accomplished without mishap

  
 

.
,1.) .<. ;.'.s.:l.- .»,.;~ai.ir!Ka'm

“Anything big?”. asked Rob.

“Yes, but I can't explain,” was the brief repl .

Soon after two soldiers brought them br -
fast, and later Captain Niedermann turned up.

He read the despatches, displaying great sat-
isfaction. ,

“These must be forwarded to General Von V
Dwyster at once,” he said. “Keep it up, boys. ’
You are doing good work.” 

This was all well enough as far as it went, bl? I 
Rob scarcely heard him. ~ *

His thoughts were with Edith. He was won-
dering how she had passed the night.

 

 

CHAPTER XIX.
Edith Finds Her Place.

In the cellar of the old tower Brown and Edith
heard much of what passed between Rob and the
Germans on the ﬂoor above. ,3

Ed'th grew greatly excited when she found
b was to be taken away by the Germans. 

“Can't we do something?” she whispered. “I _ 
am willing to,take any risk.” " .-

“Absolutely nothing,” replied Brown. “It would 7.
be madness for us to show ourselves. It's up to 7'3

"l‘lBut ifl thﬁy ﬁgidtout he is a"British subject he
wi surey e o asaspy. ‘

“He is able tli take care of himself and don't
you forget it. I’ll bank on him every time.”
ul5Atf’tler the departure of the cars they came back '

s rs.

The rain had now ceased; there was every indi- ‘ g lo:
cation that the storm had passed.

“What shall we do, Mr. Brown?” asked Edith
nervously. “We can't stay here. Where can we
giro fit tl raver was intguchva quandary. How far

s i o’ e neares w ."

“The nearest is Donlsly," replied Brown. "I
am not certain of the distance, but it is as much '
as ﬁfteen miles—-too far for you to walk.”

“And you?"

 I Icould tdo it, I suppose." _

en mus . '

"We might s end the n‘ ht h d t good ~
rest before un ertaking iftg.” in an ge 3

No, no! I couldn't think of it!” replied l-Iﬂdith

1

ex‘

 

    
     
     
       
       
       
     
 

' “But, you must remember, we are still within
the German lines. To be detected in your dia- ”
guise would probably meandeath.”
“Your danger is as great as mine. We will-
stand or fall together." _ I »
“You are certainl pluc ,” declared the la . .
ter, adrniringly. “ t as start then, and may ‘
Iuckvattend us.” i ' -
‘ Do you know‘ the road?” ‘ --
“ nly in a general way. We can in uire as we’
tag an'ce. If we are not interfered wi , we'll get
ere. ' ‘
t was first necessary to sin the teat "
waly which runs from Ghgit into 
which Rob had been captured byathe 

    
       
       
       
       
  
     
     
    
   
    
   
  

»"('.l’o beeeontinued.) ;,~ _i I
 L 

 

 SNAKE LEAPS AT RAT

.' A blacksnake more than ﬁve feet long made a
' . spring for a rat and landed in a steel trap, which
snapped upon the head of the reptile and killed it.
The rodent escaped both the trap and the snake.
=~_ George Mitchell, of Penns Grove, N. J., discov-
‘ end the big reptile when he went to get corn
from his crib. where he had set the trap.
Now Mitchell is convinced that snakes are bet-
 ’ter rat-catchers than traps and will set no more
' ‘traps when heﬁnds blacksnakes around- Farm-
, ers say this species are harmless and are better
,  cats or dogs for keeping barns free of ro-
ents. ‘

DIFFERENT METHODS OF DISPOSING OF
CITY GARBAGE

The problem of disposing of the refuse in New
York and other large cities becomes especially
complicated at this season of the year. A recent
' . survey in sixty—eight cities of over 100,000 nop-
.‘..,ie:.su1ation in the United States reveals that in most
c- of the cities of the North there is a much greater
production of garbage in summer than in any
. _ other season. The minimum is in February. the
 maximum is reached in September, when about
51*} one-eighth of the yearly total is reached. This is
largelv due to the immense consiimntiow of
vegetables. -In some sections of the country the
 Imod_'uction remains stationary throughout the

A, .

  
   
   

:-

   

. V r.
-,‘i~ In New York City there is an average produc-
;_“ tion of garbage per capita every day in the year
 of one haf a pound. The'ﬁgure is considered
 high in coiifparison with most cities at home and
 “ , abroad. A recent study of many of the residential
_-. and manufacturing cities of New Eng‘and showed
- that the manufacturing cities average three-
i .‘.tenths of a pound per ca ita and the residential
" ci six-tenths of a un .
average p uction of rubbish in New
 Yprk is one-fourth of a pound for every man,
.‘-fr. juoman and child, and two and a half pounds‘ of
= ', 88:33. In many cities the average is" considerably
P: less than this. ' According to the United States
§" 7 Bnruu of Census. the avera _ weight of garbage,
’' -ashes and rubbish in the ited States is 1,200
per cubic yard of garbage, 1,3350 pounds
' per cubic yard of ashes unmixed with rubbish
, ~ and 200 pounds per cubic yard of rubbish.
The methods of disposing of this immense vol-
1; : line. of refuse vary widely, especially in the
 smaller cities, the refuse is merely dumped on
  Thisinethod of disposing of refuse was in
 from 12,000 to 15,000 years ago. A small
~community may follow primitive systems of ref-

   
   
    

   
   
    
  
 
 

§£'ﬁIo_eommuiﬁtf incmases i_i_i_ sue_n_iore scientiﬁc

. measures becomeimparative. In cities of 100.000
 ‘ lation ormore throughout the United States
ral methods are employed. It has béen

_ E: a survey carried oa_t_by T_h_e Anya-neat!
. uytha an sixty-ﬁve. of the. mxty-~-zht cities of
. .“¢v0rf100.o0o .
  cir garbage at sea ii" 'n’.'o large
* 03' Wink.’ .n....L_y'-foar ‘re-.. ':r. ~ Ex :25.

FAME AND Foiz'rUNE WEEKLY
»{ ' ‘ARTICLES or INTEREST

* S. Claik.

the comphrativelyjittlg danger, but .

' ' ation; ﬁve, incli'di*~n: .-"ow Vork, _

  

eighteen incinerate it and as many more dis-po.<:~
of it by various reduction processes.
The report of 216 cities with a population be-

tween 25,000 and 100,000 show that twenty-four

still dump their garbage, thirty-four feed it to
hogs, thirty-one incinerate it and two dispose of
it by reduction.

OFFICE BOYS ADVISED TO STUDY CHIEF

“Make a- study of your employer. You boy.»-.
are closer to the heads of the business than am‘
one else carbe. You see the president, or the
head of the department with his coat off. Pick
out a successful man. Model yourself on him in
every way. Copy his methods and they will lead
you to the top.” _

This was the advice given to 220 oﬂice bovs
of Marshall Field & Company of Chicago by W.
superintendent of shippin for the
wholesale department of the ﬁrm. in. Clark
went to work for the house as an oﬁlce boy--ﬁfty
years ago. He delivered his counsel to the boys
at a luncheon given them by the ﬁrm.

“The oﬁice boy_ running in and out of every-
body’s office, has the best chance in the world fc
observe the big men who are doing things,” said
Mr. Clark. “You boys see how the leaders work
and how they get things done. Why, there are
ambitious people who would give thousands of do]-
lars for your chances of observation. The best
model for a boy who wants to succeed is a suc-
cessful man. If you study a successful man and
do just as he does, you will become a successful
man also. Nobody has such a chance as the of-
ﬁce boy to get close-un. intimate studies of ho-::

big men do heir work."

Eight e utives with ‘periods of service with
the hous totalling 234 years attended the boys‘
luncheon. Mr. Clark told the boys that ne3.._,-1-,-
every ‘important executive in the ﬁrm, including
President James Simpson, had started ‘with tho
house as an oﬂice boy, -

“It is the policy of a house like this to build
from within,” he said. “Among you boys I am
looking at now are the future chiefs and direc-
tors of this business. Boys of the present day
have greater chances for advancement than they
did fifty years ago when I started as an errand
boy. They have bigger chances and they get on
faster because thin 3 move faster. I have seen
this firm grow unti it owns and operates 24 or
more manufacturing plants and serves 40,000 re-
tail merchants. It is typical of the expansion of

business to-day and that expansion gives you the - __ 

chance to grow with it" _ ,
Marshal Field & Company conducts a school

which gives instruction in English, mathematics, -

history, music and‘ other high schoolsubjects to; K 1

its boy employees." The time is taken from work-» \
ing hours and every boy who is deﬁcient in those.
studves is required‘ to attend the schodl as part

of h'- \'''.ii'''.

'9

1'} of Pu.blZc Enieation.

 

g __ The school is conducted in accord— \ . 
 “'1'?! "hi '3l*i.'i' s‘andai'ds. of the Chictgo _ - ..l

 

  
  

I

POCKET LOOP AERIAL .

French inventors have been at work on im-
provements in the folding aerial and in portable
radio sets, to the extent of developing a cloth-
franie aerial which can be folded up and sliDP€d
igieto one’s pocket, much as a bathing towel would

  

‘ LEAD-IN LENGTH COUI;lTS
An aerial 100 feet in length and a lead-iii 100
feet in length will, give an effective length of
200 feet, even though the lead-in is insulated.
This is far too long for reception where the air
is crowded with broadcasting stations and it will
cause interference every time.

A GOOD AERIAL _

The ideal antenna for reception of broadcasting
stations is a single wire about 125 feet long,
including the lead-in. No. 14 bare copper wire is
the general size used. The higher the antenna
the better will be the results. Point the wire
northwest and take the lead-in off the northwest
end. Be sure the ground connection is good be-
cause an ineﬂicient ground will greatly reduce
the efficiency of the set. Try the cold water
pipe or radiator and make the contact to the nine
clean and firm. "

LOW-LOSS COILS

There are many forms for low-loss coils that
can be used with equally eﬂicient results, with the
except of one. This is, when property construct-
ed, the most eﬂicient. The shape and general
physical characteristics are the same as a trans-
miting inductance or helix._ The constructional
= details for one of these coilsxmay best be _ob-
tained by going to a radio store and examining
closely at transmitting inductance. Though these
use copber strip for the coil, solid wire, No. 12 to
'1‘6n B. & S. gauge, may be used with equal re-

s ts. ’ . 

 

PUSH-PULL AND RESISTANCE AMPLIFIERS
If a push-pull amplihr unit be added to a
single tube reﬂex connect the input terminals
of the ampliﬁer unit ‘in place of the phones in
the one-tube reﬂex circuit. _ The advantage of
. resistance-coupled ampliﬁcation is minimum dis-
tortion. The disadvantage is that this type of
 ampliﬁcation reduces the effective voltage of the
- 9'3’ battery because of losses caused by the high
resistance in the circuit. Resistance itself does
not ampﬁfy as a transformer does. therefore it
 requires three stages of resistance-coupled am-
pliﬁaum to equal the volume of two stages
— -coupled audio frequency ampliﬁ-
caﬂen.  resistance to work satisfactory with
gt tubes should rinse from 50,000 to 100.000

   
    
  
 

  
 

   
 

o\

 

ix

EMRABIIO‘ suiuann , _
‘   radiosvmmer

vz

  
 

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

_iNrEiu:srmc RADIO News AND iimrs

 

‘ does the hour capacity.

. through the tubes. it is not’nece:.sary*to 
connect the B batteries whenjjlie set is not in nu.

 'i‘:*i°r'°Y.

  

c

.

just conducted has disclosed the fact that 95
per cent of those owning radio sets have been
using them during the past summer, as against
45 per cent used a year ago. This same‘ survey
shows that 50 per cent of the- radio listeners
have _been using portable sets either on their
vacations in camping ground or at the seashore.
Of course, the last summer has been remarkably
free from static disturbances, but this in large
measure _is due to the increased power of the
broadcasting stations and also to their close
proximitv to our receiving sets. With the re-
peater stations coming more and more into use,
we shall have less and less serious static dis-
turbance; in truth, the day may yet come when
gummer will have no terrors for the ardent radio
an.

EXTRA “B” BATTERY FOR DETECTOR

Batteries for the plate supply of a radio‘ set
are made in two common sizes, the 22% volt
size and the 45 volt size. The 45 volt size is
used a great deal on account of its form being
convenient for the average set containing a de-
tector and two stages of audio frequency» ain-
pliﬁcation. The 45 volt units are more con-
venient when a high voltage is desired for the ‘
operation of a power ampliﬁer. . . y ,

When a single 45 volt battery is used on a
set the general method is to place the positive 
45 volt tap to the two ampliﬁer tubes which are
connected in parallel. the 18 or 19% volt tap
to the plate of the detector tube, i d the nega-
tive to the whole three tubes. The lhegative end
of the battery thus supplies current to all three
tubes when this method is used and, consequent-
ly, this end becomes exhausted earlier than the ii“
positive end, which only furnishes current to the .
ampliﬁer tubes.‘ When part of the battery is
exhauste in this manner the whole battery is ,
usually iscarded, and it can be easily seen that .
this service is not economical. 2

To overcome this it is best to use convenient
blocks of 22% volt B batteries and interchange
them at in als so that the current consumption
will be equ 1l_v distributed among the whole bat- 
tery. Use one 22% volt battery for a month on ‘ 
the detector unit and then exchange its place ' ,
with one of the ampliﬁer batteries. Another ' "
method would be to use'an extra “B” battery on
the detector..

When B batteries are used but little, so that
the amount of current drawn from them is
small, the shelf life. becomes an important fag.
tor and ;has more eﬁect on the battery life than
_ This means that if your
receiver is used but little it will pay you to,
buy the smaller ‘Bile of battery on account of
the deterioration of the .battery.while lying idﬁ '
being more than the discharge of the batter;

 
     
 

  
 

     
    
      
   
   

    
   

    

as this will not increase the‘!

of the batter;
appreciablyzv B "  -

».*l

I

      

  

   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
    
  

\

,. PRODIGIOUS GLARE _

, When oil was struck at the San Bocas well in

Mexico in 1908 the troleum ﬂow caught ﬁre

from the drilling engine, burning for ﬁfty-seven

‘rdgyg rid destroying 176,000 barrels of oil daily.
The ﬂaaine, 800 to 1,400 feet high, gave so much

K light that a news aper could be read by it at
night seventeen mi es away.

,000 COINS - TURNED OUT BY
PHILADELPHIA MINT IN _ YEAR
‘The bulk of the year's work, numerically, con-
 of 58,704,000 standard silver dollars,
struck to replace those melted to provide bullion
1101' the use of England in the East Indies. Other

‘-co‘ included 1,597,000 gold eagles, 533.0
12,049,000 nickels and 1,431,000 cents._The
ednage for Peru included 1,000,000 one sol silver
' and 2,000,000 nickel ﬁve centavos. For
V‘gearagua. the output 'was 500,000 one centavos
and 400,000 half centavos. Some of our readers
hay not know that the United States Govem-
meat does coinage jobs for other countries that
on not fortunate enough to have a mint of their
own. '-The work is done at a small proﬁt.

  

 
  
   
    
    
  
   
  
   

 

  

VALUE OF COLLEGE EDUCATION
_ The cash value of a college education to its pos-
gggsor is $72,000, according to a report made ub-
by Dean Everett II. Lord, of the Boston ni-
_ .,.. .. College of Business Administration, based
,5 , .- . . y study of the earning capacity of col-

" ' . - « uates. He places the cash value of a high
educatiol‘ at $133,000. ' ' um income

report gives e average maxim _

. the, untrained man as $1,200..that of the high
,3; graduate as $2,200 and of the college grad-
’ -lﬁjto as $6,000. The total earnings of each of the
ﬁnes types, up to the age of sixty, are placed
-it 845.000, $72,000 and _$150,000 re pectively.

. l . Lord in his computation estimated also that

   
   
    
   
 

is

   
   
    
 
 
  
  

  

:~ the untrained man at the age of ﬁfty be‘-
» toldrop toward dependence, the college-man
.  his maximum earning capacity at sixty.
untrained man goes to work as a boy of
-. - and reaches his maximum 1n_come.at the‘
ct thirty," the report said. “This maximum
no the average, less than $4,200 a year. In
‘ . of the fact that this income 15 8811194

  

7‘. it begins to fall off at.the age of ﬁfty
'earlier,-and soon reaches a level below;

 
 

  

'~ ‘figures show, ‘that more than sixty of

 untrained workers are dependent upon
1' support at the age of sixty. Between
' fourleen and eighteen, the four ears
ght have been spent in high sclioo , the
- young man usually. earns not more than

'iNrsans'm_iG ITEMS 
about tuielvetliousand levers in_ they

 
 
  

 

FAME  FORTUNE WEEKLY - o
6001) READING

manual labor dependent ‘on physical"

 

nﬁay be boiled is mounted a. sand-glass for timing
t em. '

Firemen’s helmets carryin storage battery-fed
electric lights in front aregbeing tested in sev-
eral English cities.

A British army ofﬁcer, when in full uniform, is
not allowed to carry an umbrella. no matter if the
rain is falling in torrents.

A roomy drawer is hidden in the seat of.a re-
cently patented rocking—chair, primarily to hold
sewing materials within easy reach.

The Greek athletes of ancient days trained on
new cheese, dried ﬁgs, boiled grain, milk, and <
warm water. They ate no meat whatever.

Moving pictures of the human internal organs
have been made by Doctor Rosenthal, of Berlin.
It is possible by this invention to make photo-
graphs of internal organs to rovide an illus-
tration of workings thereof an to facilitate the
localizing of disease. ‘ .

In Spain the “hour system” prevails in the
theaters. The theater-goer does not expect to
spend an entire evening listening to a play, but
usuallydrops in for an hour, during which time
he hears a complete playlet, often of several acts.
There are usually four of these “hours” during
the evening, the first beginning at a quarter after
7, the second at half-past 8, the third at ’a quarter
of‘10, and the fourth and last at 11. So little do
they expect the same audience to stay through

‘the entire program that not infrequently the same

pla is repeated during the evening. Seats are
sel om reserved except for grand opera. ii,‘
“Mystery Magazine” . T3

Semi-Monthly - 15 Cents a Copy

THE aivim i-iiurics. by HaIni|ton\L‘ruigig_
TUE b'ldAUU\V UH‘ A NOUSB, by Jack Becudoll.
Al‘ 2 A. 11., by Beulah Pointer. i.;
Till-J li\"l‘RlG ‘E38, by Grover Kids-ell. . L
16! THE LOCK_ AND KE . by Hamilton Cralglo.
'l‘llI-2 ’l‘Al.l\ll\G  by Frank Bllgliton.

THE HEART ON THE MIRROR. by Alexiiiiiii-r

Morrison.
MIX!-ID .\m’l‘lVF!S. by Erin Howard. .

SGITTHWEST OF THE LAW, by
Cralgle.

THE HOODWINKERS
By GEORGE BRONSON HOWARD .
Out Today In No. {O8 _ ’ , ‘

, HARRY E. WOLI-‘F. Publisher, Inc. .
166 West 23d Street ‘ New York City

 
    
   
 

Hnnmtoli

    
      
      
    
   

“Moving Picture Stories”_
A Weill: Iouplu Devoted to Phouplayo and Plants.
PRICE ran CENTS PER oorr ‘ .  
loch number Eoatatua Tliroo Itorloo t. 0,5.  1'?‘ .

onthe 

    
      

  

Screen-— 813- See '
;.::*::'-as: *:‘.‘°‘-.......“°:*.I.°""'-"‘:* ‘£3’
and Looaonfln loeaulo

 

  
  

“AV.-A -_ Fame  Fortune Weexuy

_ :0 NEW Y0.RK,*NOVEMBER:1-i‘,:_1924p
' TERMS To SUBSCRIBERS

 

  

‘ling-in copie-....-..............i»m.ge ii‘:-no ucuiu
one copy Three Moui.hu...... " “ 00
One Copy six Mouton . . . . . .... " “ 

';: Que Copy one Year ......... .. " "
 Canada. $4.50; Foreign, $5.41).
~n0w to sum» nose: —-4: our risk land 2. o.
Dtoner Orde -, Check or Registered Letter; 1'9|1“"|“‘-'9'
in any othe way areal our risk. We accept Pu ' so
stamp: the name as cas ‘when Iendlnx silver I!)
' the Loin in I Ie te piece of paper to avoid cnltlnt
' the envelope. Write your DlllI0‘8lld address DluinIJ-

iHARRY E. "WOLFF. Harry E.‘ Wollf. Pres.
Publisher, Inc., Cliarlea_E. Nylander. Soc.
166 W. 23d St... N. Y. 1... 1,‘, wmm, 1‘;-en.

U A FROM ALL POINTS

LIGHTNING CURES RHEUMAIISM -
arles H. Bates, ninety-two, of West ‘Bath,
He.,_ who was rendered unconscious when a bolt
' of lightning struck his house July 9, now claims
-that is entirely cured him of rheumatism, which
» ﬂe_had so badly that he was obliged to walk with
* ‘canes, and that he has not felt/the trouble since.

.  . , -PROFESSIONAL ‘TEA-TASTERS
 families at Seattle, Wash., do not serve
tea,Iespecially when father is home. These men

*- are paid by.Uncle Sam to taste all tea that ar-

: tires from abroad to establish its value, age and

,- amourlt of coloring. ‘They are expert tea bibbers,

p ‘ancbafter eight to twelve hours of it disdain d

mg the same thing at home. ‘ ,

‘ ‘,0 A FIND STONE AGE BOAT

, Believed to be a relic of the stone age, a boat,
which experts say is at least 5,000 years old, has
been found in a marsh in England. It lay seven

  
  
    
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
     
  
  
  

 

 

    

  

griver, and is 11 feet long and 8 feet wide. Ap-
tly, comments "Popula/r Mechanics, it had
» hollowed, from an oak tree by the crude im-
, ,, plementl belbnging to the periodthat ended fiom

‘ 500 to 2,000‘years before Christ, when, accord-
,  scientists, bronze began to take the place
‘of _-stone. _In spite of its age, the boat was well

  

 

  

 

 SAILS wrrn Hhiz COFI-‘IN _ .
W35  Creed"arr§v_ed from England on the
C3ﬁ}'£p'd‘,liner-L¢ncastna;to»;pass,eix‘m _ _s with
, A «-Ilrs. Gladys B. Oswald, in Washington

_ . ht hercomn with her. The customs
Vf1‘7i'e9,~._‘w,e!'_¢-. flexed how to classify this

 
  

  

   

 

. grand jury.”

feet beneath the surface not far from a tidal‘

Washington wuzp dedaddy ob-hislcountry?’

   

. FAME AND roR'rUNE WEEKLY - ' _ ‘ "

THE LACHINE CANAL
‘The Lachine Canal, extending from Lachine to
Montreal and overcoming the St. Louis Itapids,
is 8% miles long. The Lachine Canal, with the
chain of artiﬁcial waterways that succeeded it,

opened the way to shipping to the Great Lakes.

The first sod in the digging of the Lachine Canal V, a
_was ‘turned in July, 1821, by, John Richardson
of Montreal. Even before the close of the French
regime in Canada, efforts had been made to cut
a canal across the Island of Montreal and M. de.
Catalogne succeeded in building a waterway
racticable for the canoes of the fur traders. The
achine Canal, commenced in 1821, was com-
pleted four years later, at a cost of $440,000. Be-
fore its com letion, however, the increasing
draught of in and shipping made it practically
useless, and in 1843 work was begun on an en- —
largement. Since then the canal has been re-
peatedly deepened, to keep pace with the re- 
quirements of lake shi ping, until at present a , 
14-foot channel is avai able.‘ 

o

 

LAUGHS ‘ C 

“I want a loaf of bread." “White or graham?’ ' 
‘fDoesn’t matter! it’s a blind woman.” 1 _ 

‘_“Who presents people at court, pop?” ‘In.
this country, my son, it is -generally done by the

 

 

Algy—You say she only partially returned
your affections? Clarence—Yes, she returned all.
the love" letters, but retained all the jewelry. >

Little Arthur—Just hear that baby squall! ;’ , ,
do'gil’t wonder that mens hates babies. Little" 
Et e1—Do they? Do They? Eagles carry 03. 
babies, don't they?. “Yes.” “Well. there's a law‘ ,. 5
against shooting eagles.” ' 5 —  "

 
   
 
 

 

    
 

Dispensary hysician (writing out prescri '. "
tion)—Now. yO;‘l,1 are ‘to take the medicine thrcz’
times a day afterkmeals. Poor Patient—-But it 
is only a very rare thing when I get a meal, x
doctor. Doctor-—Well, in that case, ‘you had _'
better take it before meals._ - '

     
       
        
     

: -~’\.. 
Facetious Traveler (pokinz his head out of tho, '
car windg:rW)——What place is this? ‘
ing against the depot)——Paradise. ‘Kaintnclqg,
suh. Facetious Traveler-—It is. eh? ‘ I 
is how far from where? Native—Half a mile ”
tom the distillery, sub. ‘.5 ‘ .

   
  

  
    
   
     

    

 

   

Little ’Rastus came home from school one day
and asked; “I say._paw. why does_dey,1il1ir
put,D. C. after Washington?" ‘Why, cling,’ ye,
plied the old colored man, “I’s surprised at: "
iginance.- Doan’ yer know dat D; C. ineansidias  .

 
     
      
      
    

 

I

 
 

‘C‘;Maw, ain't a‘ man so hit 30!: two as

 

rt£inl.W'll’.’-SW}: d ‘v 883:
l the tion ais_tl¥a_t?"1*  

 

 
 

 I

‘ DISCOVER BEAR PARADISE
_ » Reports crediting all sorts of strange things to
/I “lost valley” in the Siskiyou mountains, on the
northern boundary of California, led Dr. Paul
' n, Dr. Warner-,Hoyt and Harvey Millier of
;_ Berkeley to explose the region. They found the
 valley, a beautiful little plain, almost impenetra-
H _- ble, but there was nothing more'startling than

’ the number and sine of the bear tracks.
The explorers found a clear gem-like glacial
lake at the upper end of the chasm, with a lush

    
  
  
  
   
   
 
   
 
   
    
    
  
    
   

green
multitude of the mud willows, sometimes called
“bears' bathtubs.” Aside from the profusion of
bear tracks, there was little -to distinguish the
valley from others of similar design in the Saw-
tootlis.

BEGGING BOY COLLECTS $2,500
r$'~ Tommy Ricco shivered as he limped about the
‘ﬁnancial district in New 'York. He waved the
« stump of his left arm—-—an arm severed in an ac-
eident three years ago when Tommy was four.
Tommy asked alms. And he received plenty.

' Nickels, quarters, half dollars, even do lars,
~ were showered upon him by passers by. Patrol-
man Meir, on his beat, gave the boy a quarter.

‘ Questioning revealed little Tommy thought he
_was working for a living; that he was turning
over half his proceeds to a man—$20, sometimes
$30, a day. Tommy didn’t realize the sin of beg-

!.

tmlsgast night he was sent to the Children's So-
; ciety. He won't reveal the name of the man who
 forced him to beg. Tommy, _according to his

 « story, has picked up $2,500 in the last four
.».  .. wmﬂm .

MEXICO’S OAP PLANTS

 The soap plant is a ative of Mexico and also
:" » of Colorado and takes its name from the fact that
" I its roots when placed in water form suds like
soap and may be used in washing. The_ root is
 white, beet shaped and very long, extending into
I {the earth to the depth of six to eight inches. The
Nexieanlwoinen use it for washing the most del-
icate silks, which are thereby neither injured nor
discolored. The leaves of the plant are from 6
to 14 inches in length and sometimes even more,
and halfan inch in width, and of ﬁber so stron
-that a man of ordinary strength cannot bi-e_
-‘One with his hands. Much of the paper used in
Jlexieo is made from these lan_ts, being very
ﬁne and white. The ‘slant loo 5 _like _a clump of
coarse grass, each bl e being ﬁnished at the end
.-with a hard, sharp point. Fine tlireadlike tend-
rile shoot out from the l1l_a_des.and curl among
 The blossom is described as being a spike
‘ of large white. ﬂowers, resembling those of man-

‘, I e_ .

 

€811-:1-‘ NAMPUIPS TOMB is BELIEVED
g_: 2 - FOUND 4
ériuetomb of-the King Tut of Northwest In-
7‘ has been located, -it is believed. An ancient
‘ are w_liichinay‘liold the remains of Chief

‘£2

FAME. AND FORTUNE WEEKLY
INTERESTING ITEMS

meadow at the lower end. There was a -

27

Nampuh. Piute leader after whom the Idaho City
of_ Nampa was named, was located by R._ W.
Limbert, whose explorations in the region, called
Craters of the Moon, are accepted by scientists.

While in the district recently, Limbert found
a ﬂat rock upon which there was carved an ar-
row. Following the given direction, he found
other rocks so marked. The end of the arrow
trail was a large mound of sandstones, with a
ﬂat one resting on top. This was engraved very
crudely with the ﬁgure of an Indian showing
extra large feet and hands; also a’ circle, the
death signi of the old Piute tribes.

_The renowned chief, hero of a hundred wars
with Western tribes and whites, is reputed to
have had_ abnormally large feet and hands. It
IS a t_radit1on_that one foot was six inches wide
and eighteen inches long. , _

Although no excavations have been attempted
the eﬂ'ort of the carver to indicate the large feet
and hands leads the explorer to believe this spot
marks the tomb of the chief. ‘

It is _thought interesting articles of historic
valiie will be uncovered beneath that pile of ﬂat
i-oc s.

MOURNED AS DEAD, MAN RETURNS

Forty years ago Richard Riley Adams, then a
young man about twenty, left his home at Bot-
tomfork, near Mayking, in Letcher County,
headed for the West. His first trying problem
was to walk almost half across the State to board
the nearest railroad train, as Eastern Kentucky
had no railroad line in its bounds in those days.

Arriving in Seattle, Wash., Adams looked about
for emplo ment. At first he sought work in a
lumber ' 1. Later he went upon a farm several
miles out from Seattle. For a time letters were
exchanged between Adams and his relatives at
Bottomfork. At length these ceased to come. For
over twenty years no messages were exchanged,
and relatives of Adams in Eastern Kentucky be-
lieved him dead. Adams drifted here and there

in the West. Within the last dozen years he has-

been at different points in Western Missouri. In
recent years he has been quite successful in Kan.
sas City, Mo., where three years ago he was
elected sheriff of Jackson County in which is the

city of Kansas City. To—day he is a man of much,
\

means. -

Recently the idea of visiting his old home and
friends in Eastern Kentucky struck Adams fa-
vorably, and he arran the trip. A day or two
ago Adams alighted rom an L. & N. train two
miles from his former home at Bottomfork‘ and
plodded his way out to the old home town where
his brother, Jim Henry Adams now resides.’
Though a complete surprise the meeting was in-
deed a happy one—-an old-fashioned reunioirof
long-separated brothers. ,

Many of the near relatives of Adams are now
comin to the old homestead toegreet their kins-
man, ichard Riley Adams, who will only visit

for a few days, after which he will return to his.

home and oﬁcial duties in the Western city. He
has reared a large family. all of whom are grown.

 

    

‘Q. U

hFA‘ME AND FORTUNE ‘WEEKLY _ 
HERE AND THERE is

I ILLUMINATED WATCH in a watch, and unless they are of good quality
A man of St. Louis, Mo., has a watch in which and ﬁt the whee1'p“’°tS perfectly’ the “'5t°h will

the numerals of the face have been replaced with be 3 9°” timekeeper even if it d°°5 1"-"L

mw Drotoqraphs of the members of his fam;1_v_ Jewels in removable settings are so commonly
He himself is 1 o'clock, his wife is 2 o'clock, his used to-day t_hat they are a staple, articles with
oldest child is 3 o'clock and the other ﬁgures are w3tch.mate"a1 d‘?3l°rs' The quality ‘md W071“
covered by the pictures of the remainder of his manshlll Of these Jewel Settings V9-118$. Of ¢0\ll'5€.

te h-Id 12 rd k be~ th ha}, 1 th and the watch repairer, as a rule, has to search
1-’a:,ify_l ten’ 0 cc mg e y 0 e for one which is «perfect. Any setting that has

the jewel out of center niay throw an escapement
_ or gear out of_ proper alinenient and change it so
(;Ag CARVES WARSHIPS mutclil as to distrub the entire adjustment of the
-_ , wa c .
soféi“b§€£23§?p§‘é1’;°u‘Z.i§’§’§f§§a°f..§S3X?§§‘;§El’; Many times a bvmv Wi.“ crack a jewel. and
cut up into pieces’ ofpmetal of a size that can he often the watch will continue to run. When a
handled . For this carving of steel and armor- Jpeiweg 15 °’ia‘.’k°d' “5 .l°ag"ish.a' ’°“gﬁ‘e:;’d§(‘;v “"21. ‘£9
' . ‘ ivq revo ving agains _is crac ge o t e, " -
pl"t°«°rdmary gas’ the same that cooks half of jewel is soon cut. Then, instead of a new jewel, ’ ‘

mgtﬂgtﬁnfmés 3?; Egiléﬁtutsﬁgimgh heavy the watch may require both—a pivot and a jewel. ‘ _, A 7;;

slabs of metal the terriﬁc heat of the oxyhydro-
ﬁn torch is unnecessary. The steel need only
r

aised'-to Ia cherry red, about 1,400 degrees‘   V;

_ fhahgnheit, whemblgy tlgeﬂadditign of oxygen to $
J v e aine, it can cu mug as easi y as a e ‘ - -' -
— knife cuts through butter. ' » I   L t  _

 The old cruiser, U. S. S. Brooklyn, of honored . ,

4‘ memory, has just been dismembered by the new . The Ac;-obgtgc Wander Toy

_ process. an-enty-ton slices of metal ‘were cut ‘
from her , k and sides, much as whalers strip AI-M0573 HUMAN IN’ ITS
glfigger irdln itheir catch. dThese pieces werehtlgzln It ts ACTION Slds . - ,
' i as are y cranes an again cu _up wi e consis .of a hau ome" parallel ’
.; ......*¥;‘si::s“i.:'s?;:ii:°?‘“xr::;P .,:.£.3°.::;%  name on winch the we veuow  
’ . ing the scrapping of the rooklyn that the gas man accurately Pe1'f°1'm5 like 311 33311‘.
v and ox 1: cut 1; rough painted and rusty metal lete. ' »

. urea iy as through new, clean steel. , Five D1331-em; st1u““8__
» c  The use of manufactured gas for this purpose - THE FLYING TRAPEZE _ Release 

.;5'¢;pected to be widely adopted for the _trim- "1385,--p1n and the ﬁgure -swings. fob
pain: of steel plates. and similar work, thus .idd- yam grippin the ‘bass "3 bat
‘in: onoinore to the hundreds of industrial uses gums’ a éomusiult in the an. m(f°z°t'ch“'
- itowhich manufactured gas is now put. 3 cmsybm‘. by his,hee1s' °"

”“ ‘ . V , THROUGH THE LOOP--A swift swing
- ' A w and ‘he goes through a wire loop, makes
' p WATCH. JEWELS - getaulmdoand, cartacllfinﬂ by liaslheels, swings
"A watch movement contains reeious stones to “W3 T0111 3 -

3 '  i_ts—wear. In a watch-gall watches that p THE_.G1ANT SWlNG—H¢ 2085 forward
 og the name--—the lever and the bal- “th “. “sh! "°‘°“5°'.5 "19 F1'3PeZ¢. 0I§,¢||0l:
once it prvots. always run in bearings made 3 h°’“9m31'b“ With h1_3 119918. _n18k0l*‘
o ‘jewels. _Alsouthe,pallets—-the arms of the “"'° SW1“ 5°m°’33“1l'-3 111 the 81!, Ind

 

   
  
  
  
   
  
 
      
    
   

_I_

 
         
     
    
     
  
     
    
     
 
     
     
      
     
  
    
    
 

  
 
 

 

  

  

     

 wiiicktranslaté the circular motion oi. the ¢3‘°h°5 by his heels %88in- . 2
‘_ _ ’ V .V;h'eel,rinto the vibratory motion of the He P°1'f°"m9 -‘W0 13°16 }_19l'i@0l|t8-l-hit, ,»
‘ " -the ruby pin, the pin in the roller of 39“ “'1”? ‘$59 F306 811d 33111‘)? 0‘ 8'51!‘ f
stall” which acts in the-fork of the lever cus star,‘ and many new ones‘ .can be in-

  

 reoeivesitheimpulse from«the escapementp c 'e"*3°‘1- ’

  
   

gs-e‘ * many made of hard stone. In the high- ,,The M0-t Wonderful To: in
watches.  bearirﬁsrof the entire‘ watch _ ~ ‘ “*9 w°'“3 ,
’ ’ are~)ewel_led. ' he best grade jewels . p R I C E 5 1 _ 0 0
 of sapphires or rubies; the cheapo .. . . , _ ‘V ’ ‘
ufaggffggt’; ad the 1owe51; grads of 0 . Thecollapsible stand and the little magi-y
' . ‘  *- A kin are neatly packed in a bug,

s_n~oo}=desh£’popu’Isr misunderstand ‘e
‘ % ‘lwstch actually are.
#18233 1  !ﬁ*!v"F'*¢

 
  
 

Deliyerod hiiywliere in the United States on
f,1’e¢:§lp't of priie ' dares: ~ ‘ l

  

* e -.woLi=*i=f hrnivanrr
- =';uw- 2sas¢..,'2§«irg-recs;

   

 

    

; ‘ff

you never had a chance!”

 “Four years ago you and I worked at

- the same bench. VVe were both discon-
tented. Remember the noon we saw the
International Correspondence Schools’
 advertisement? That woke me up. I
V realized. that to get ahead I needed
. special training, and I decided to let the
A I._ C. S. help me. When I marked the
4 coupon I asked you to sign with me.
' You said, ‘Aw, forget it!’

- “I made the most of my opportunity
and have been climbing ever since. You
' had the same chance.I had, but you

turned it down. No, Jim, you can't ex-

  
  
  
  
  
 
 

yoursclf to handle bigger work.’l

 

_ I There are lots of “jims” in the world—in
‘V }storea. factories, offices, everywhere. Are you

VL one of them? Wake up! Every time you see
I In I. C. S. coupon your chance is staring you
‘Ii thclface. Don't turn it down.

pect more money until you've trained

’-Riﬂlt now more than. 180.000‘ men are '

preparing themselves for bigger jobs and bet-
ter pay through I. C. S. courses.

You can join them and get in line for pro-
motion. Mark and mail the coupon, and ﬁnd
out how.

_.—.__....__._.._.—....._..........___...
INTERNATIONAL connezrouozne: OGIIODH
. In uu-c. Ion-tn. Fonz: ‘ M
u!.‘£."&l".°‘:'.‘ 1?.’ .‘.’.':‘‘.'.:.ll.''.;' 1:‘: ::.‘l..'I .... .:::.3“:‘."i;
IUIIIBO TIMNIIOI OOUISII ’
non lunuencm suqauuhin

' Bud
:§JnduItrinll Managua-an Aavmuu
QYIHIIM W
: Mnancenont gmgmhuterlu
nun w 2 D 1
:I‘iu:kinx And Banking Lu; ‘J muIii‘n§:I';I°::lld)
’ ". . v r

;. Nicholson co‘s: .\ct-ountihc mun: nun Clerk
,. Booklnnlnx Common school Subject:

Private Secretary lllzh school subject:

" “ E] French Illustrating C1 Cartoﬂhl

TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

Electrical Emzlneerint Architect
ArcNk!u' Blue Print: ‘

(‘ontnctor and Builder

Mechanical rlluxnul Ailteetuul Dtaltsuun
Muehine Shop Practice (1 no. Bulldef
Rlilrold Positions Structural Encinoor
Gu Bnzine oventtnl Chemist: &PhunnI1
(‘ls-Il Engineer Automobile orl
Surveying and In Air:-luw I-Znainu
lieu-llurn Narixation
Steam Azrieultun and Paula:
Esdlo Hatbnatlﬂ
Nun‘ -
‘.""..:.“... . 3-0-30
010... It
 ....................,......a... ..

 um.--.

‘ H _ instnndolnotes. All -

DIAMONDS WATCHES

     

   
     

io»»wo~c> WA‘«r1‘c_m:~..'
w’9"rs CASHWCREDIT c.»‘r'rs

     
   

 

   
  
   

an brilliant Blue White, la-
gs-na. unsoila 18-k wblu (ﬁg.
uupt o. .wla5ehluP . udinlnndo-nnoﬂlnc .
Sand Ior Christmas Catalog

Over 2,000 in of Dhiuond-not Jvwolrnwntchol Wrist
Won.-hen. Pearls, Mu Bun, Bllvcrwnru, ot.c.. {or Chrlnt:-nan
Pr-n-pa. Sent ‘ {of your Froo Bnxnlnuion. Catalog
uxnlnmu Inf! .
lotbﬂootlon (Inaccu-
loodorﬂonqlolmdod
I_'I:ll8: All orders do-
llvorod on lirnl
at also-bath

Wrist Watch

 

“‘ "W" - u..ux ” 510°
uml-monthlyormou - _ -
lhntyvurconvonioaco. §ﬂ“ dﬂ?$é?“' ".'“

 
  

. us Y OLD. Got lot co-
ga. 1: I'll!!!’ vou with lull

uuiucau sncuuv co.
_ IoI1z7.K I.auouotor..Po.

TOBAGO!)

Habit Cured or No Pay
Any form. cicnn,ci¥u-ouoo.pipo.cl:owin3 onnuff
G ‘ " HI: C‘ ,' ‘ u ‘ ‘sent
an trial. Conn 31 .00 if it euros. Nctkint if it fails.
SU PERBA C0. M-21, Baltimore,— Md.

:5

 
 

UNDERGROUND TREASURES-

ow and Where to |"indvTll¢lll 2':‘°:..":
- Pulllwln ¢O..()'t.2] Gonna Iulldlng. chlonoo

 

3 —-—————OLD MONEY VVANTED-———— 5
$2 to $500 EACH paid for hundreds of old

colns. Keep ALL Old or odd money, it may

be VERY valuable. Send 10 etﬂ. for ILLI S-

TRATED COIN VALUE BOOK. 4x6. Get

Posted. We pay CASH.

CLARKE COIN CO., Ave 13, Leltoy. N. Y.

l.0F‘l'lS nos. &"éo. we-I In-«Ion
0ov¢-F187

‘.  I. unto IL. chicane. Ill.
-3-:

 

  

Fla th' Jazzy S
Wigiou‘: Practice

 
 

Any om an this 3' in - ll
"‘"VS.‘¥ Nolgnowﬁgtd /' 
01 music reumred. no Ieumn. I- I ./

  
 

Genuine

 Leather

Bakuhtian |l1.a.Gcnulno Soul lanth-
or cover Football With llanm cured
_' rubber Blnddot From for ullln[2A
Pu-ht; Perfumed Snchet It loo

ou'h.l-311710 nell. Write today. Send

no'Muney. Got your l-‘ootbnll with-

out colt.
Dept. 671 . _ITTL£BOR0, MASS.

FREE!

Big. Handsome, Dresud. Sleevinu
Doll cent prepaid for I€“_ll'I[ ONLY

13 PACKETS new Highly Per-
llnned Saclzet Powder AT 10:. ,

This in n ‘%ci¢l Otferto introduce
our Ischet.

W Jlla give Mum Dolls. Walking
Dolg. and preniumn tor boil-

iouzs MFG. co.

  

Boys and Girls
EARN XMAS MONEY

Write for 50 Sets St. Nicholas Christma-

Seal . Sell for we a set. When sold send

us ..00 and keep $2.00. No Work-—Just Fun.
5'1‘. NICHOLAS

2814 Glenwood Rd. Dept. 148 Brooklyn, N. Y-

I MAKE THE BEST CHOCOLATE BARS
Mints and Chewing Gum. Be my ntenl.
Everybody will buy from you. Write todll.
Free Samples.

MILTON GORDON
189 Jackson St.. Cincinnati. 01110

- Gold Filled Manotrln Ring

Gnu-nuod lor 3 run. To _

- introduce our Sweet Sm¢llzrig_Sa-

7 chet Powdenwe will urn ll nnz.
any tin. band Enrnudwl your name

. ' 1 II‘ I on I 10:.
‘"‘"1}'iau3u“u3\7:":'I‘ﬁr|“¢’§8“mw'Auir

D at -,5 w'rucx£1’.la.|_
DON’T BE
CUT

Ilntil You Try
T This Wonderful

Treatment
My internal vnethml of trezmuent is the

corn-1-t one. :md_1s szmctioued by the best
informed physicians and .~xur:;oons. (lint-
ments. snlves and other local ll|')]')lll.‘a[l0llS

give only temporary relief.

I! you have pilen in any form write 1'0! :1
FREE sample of Page‘.-i Plle Tablets and
you will bless the day that you read this.
\Vrlte today. '

E. R. Page. 1H9-Ffaze Bld¢., Marshall. Mir-Ii.

UNION NOVELTY £30..
Dept. 49 gawtucket, R. I.

ALL

 
 

 w.|i‘. D000

s:va~I"REE

“Lucky Tize" charm with 86-inch Silk
Cord-3 can Novelty It-ueolot-_4 Gold
Plnted II III‘: and thin fuhionnble
Bobbovtto Iialr Ba
stones. All this Jewelry Givon Absolutio-
R Free {or ceiling only :2 card: at
o‘ dale Dresagnn at 10 centsuctrd. ,

VENTRILOGINSN

taught almost any one at home. - Small cost.

Send TODAY 2-cent stamp for particulars.
GEORGE W. SMITH

Room 31-923, 125 N. Jet! Ave., Peoria, Ill.

rrbito. net with 10

 

. . Providence. II. I.

2 ing

THE HONEY-
MAKING ANT

T h e honey-
making ant may
belong to any of
several species
that are found in
Colorado, Arizo-
113. New Mexico
and Mexico. Like
other ants, these
live in colonies, in
subterranean
the

nests, en-
trance to which
is in a small

raised mound.
The honey is ob-
tained at night
from small galls
on oak leaves,'by
foraging workers
which become
considerably dis-
tended by the
honey. With this
honey they feed
the other work-
ers and the young
in the hill and
ivhat is left over
xs communicated
to a number of
ants which serve
as living recepta-
dles. These live
honey bags cling
to the roof of the
nest chamber and
move very little,
and in time their
abdomen.-‘ become
enormously dis-
tended. According
to the Rev. Hen-
ry C. I\IcCook,
the noted natur-
alist and authori-
ty of “The Hon-
ey Ants of the
Garden of the
Gods,” these liv-
storehouses
merely retain the
money until it is
needed by the
colony during the
winter, when it is
given out of the
sun-charged crops
to feed the colo-
ny. Ants with
similar habits. but
different genera
have been de-
scribed in South
Africa. In Mex-
ico these ants are
eaten by the na-
tives.

 ~ i You r
Choice
F

    

FREE

Yes! You can easily have, free, any of these beautiful and valuable gifts. All you need to do is to
distribute among your friends just a few packages of our fragrant easy selling Sachet. at ten cents
each. You will be surprised to see how easily you can earn one of these attractive gifts. Fill in the
coupon for your share of our Fragrant Sachet, so you can start distributing it at once. You need
send no money. We trust you. But get started right away before someone else gets into your
territory. Send the coupon TODAY!

  
 

 
 

Sporting Model
STEVENS JUNIOR “22”

We give you this famous Stevens 22 cal. blued ﬁnish. walnut stock
rlﬂs for alittlo of" ourspare time. sellinir our {ram-ant sachet packages at
10¢ each. 20-inch arrel tapered to 1-30000 Inch accurately, and sighted for
the shooting. Boys. you will be delighted with this ﬁne riﬂe.

Send the coupon for 30 packages today!

Big Leher Football

. ~’ _ _ ;‘ An excellent quality
‘ ' re ation size foot-
I. Leather spe-
cially tanned and
tempered to take out
stretch. Reinforced
seams and double
strength seamless
bladder. Each ballis
hand ﬁnished and
cnrefullg examined
for ‘per a
:'s.°““‘m
ape. y guar-
anteed. Sell only 30
packages of our easy
selling 17 rs izran_t
Suehet and get this
REAL Football.

 
  
  

    

 
  
 

2

A Real Movie   ~ ~ 
Machine and Film

Your Choice of Electric or Oil

This machine is I well-built and practical moving pic-
ture onttit. so designedtbst it can be used_ for both
Inovin pictures and still |i_le views. ‘Equipped for
elect e or oil light. In addition we give you, abso-
lutely free, a 4-space slide carrier for showing still
ieturos. a reel o ﬁlm, tickets, show bills. eta. I160
ictures i’roe—enouizh for a one hour show . You
VII be surprised to find how easily you can win one
of these wonderful machines. Send the coupon for
80 packages of Fragrant sachet.

Send No Money “W W W   
Gentlemen: Please send me 30 packages 0! your Flagrant oasy-sel-

IO Year
Guaranteed Watch
and Fine Cliain

You can have this genuine American
stem-wind and set, fancy engraved
watch. also ﬁne chain. for selling
only 30 Dsckmzes of our Fragrant
baehet. Remember, it has our 10-
§ear kuarantee You will be delighted.
end coupon now.

ling Sachst. I agree to sell them at ten cents each, and return to
' you the isioney and select my prunium according to offer in your
_    . his premium ist which is sent with the goonh. If I cannot sell
than, I will return them to you.
Jlska your choice of handsome gifts. Send in 1 ha,‘ d,«§.d 3;.‘ _,,,,,,u,,, 1 Jan”

tho lid R l f the F - ,
 ygu cK|(i":l.a.r|:p isytribnting 3% D M°Vi° Midm“ Cl Fine Leather Football

3iiiii".»up..' s°"d.':¢'”°"° "¢:..‘mme'l: g::""‘:"f D 22 Calibre Stovosas Iullo D13: YeurGunruat¢oWl¢I:I
chleaco sachet Works. bout. no.»
0313 Ravonowood Avon Chicago. |||- Nana

 F" one of'.JsI:'o:.'I::?- Address
sllul sbnoaotrﬁo. Sand Innnoouoon
I’0DAY.aIdwov|llh|IyoualIoboullt. -

 

 

  

FAME AND FORTUNE WEEKLY

——-’ LATEST xssuns --

556 A Mad Cap Scheme; or. The Boy Treasure Hunters
of (‘ocos island.

957 Adrift On the World; or, Working His Way to For-
1

ne.
-‘-58 Playxinz to Win: or.“ The l’-‘oxiest Boy in Wall Street
‘#59 Taiters; or. ‘I Boy From the Slums.

_ 2:60 A guns .\ionte Cristo; or. The Richest Boy in the

l .
961 Won °n', Pluck: or. The‘ Boys Who Ran a Railroad.

 

‘J62 " heating the Brokers; or. The Boy Who Couldn't
Be ne.
96% A Rolling Stone; or. The Brightest Boy on Record.

1964 Nevell-1 say Die; or. The Young surveyor of Happy
V" e_v.

196.’, Box: of the .\iarket; or. The Greatest Boy in Wall
Street *

 

1:66 The Chance of His Life; or, The Young Pilot of
Crytnl Lake. .

M7 Striving for Fortune; or. From Bell-Bov to Million-
H |'9.

068 Out. for Business; or. The Smartest. B0 in Town.

‘.‘69 A “Favorite. of Fortune; or, Striking it R ch in Wall
. ireet.

‘A70 Through Thick and Thin; or, The Adventures of I
Smart Boy.

-:7! Doinc: His Level Best; or. Working His\Wa_v Ugi

‘I72 Al\\\ia,vs on Deck; or, The Boy Who Made is
. ar .

5973 A .\iint of Money; or, The Young Wall Street

-’ Broker.

‘I74 The Ladder of Fame; or. From Oiilce Bov to
Senator.

N75 On the Square: or. The Success of an Honest Boy.

Mm After a Fortune: or. The Plucltiest Boy in the West.

-177 .Winning the dollars; or .'l‘he Young Wonder of
Wall Street. A

2178 Making ma Mark; or, The Boy Who Became
President.

979 Heir ‘tin a .\iiilion: or. The Boy Who Was Born
.m- y. _ »

also l’.o&t'ln the Andes: or. The Treasures of the‘ Buried

v. - ~
.'lil1 On His Mattie: or. A Plucky Boy in Wall Street.
A Lucky Chance: or. Taking Fortune on the Win!-
The Road to success; or. The Career of s For-
tunate Boy. -
will Chsnsing Pointers: or. The Luckiest Boy in Wall

tree .
siss Rising in the World: or. From Factory Boy to
Manner.
' "86 From Dark to Dawn: or. A Poor B _v's Chance.
‘R7 Out for Himself: or. Paving His sy to Fortune.
'-RR Dmmond Cut Diamond; or, The Boy Brokers of
! Wall Street.
“S9 A Start in Life: or. A-Bright Boy's Ambition.

 
     
      
    

. st est.

‘'9! EY9:V inch in Boy; or. Doimz His Level Best
'I02‘_3XnneV to Burn: or, The Shrewdest Boy
‘ St t. .
tom ' An Frlfvee to Business: or. The Boy Who .Was Not

Asleep. .
"ell Tinned bv the Ticker; or, An Ambitions Boy in
Wall Street.
g on to Success: or. The Boy Who Got Ahead
996 A Bid for a Fortune: or. A‘ Country Boy in Wall

. Street.
. nil‘: Bound to Rise: or. lighting His Way to success.
For sale by all newsdealers. or will be sent to any
address on receipt of price. Sc. per copy.
in money or stamps, by

p HAIRY WOLFE Publisher. Inc..
‘ ma West 88d Street New York city

.~.o_r,

 
 

SCENARIOS‘ "°“’ 7° '
’_ ' Price 3! Cents Per Coll!

. , This book contains all the most recent ‘chants!
.....~ ii-....=~*m ° °°"-:''''.:..*:..:':“.'“ '' °*
‘ V  for sale by all Ne

  

    
 
 

    

., .i.

'.<

  

mo out for a Million: or, The Young Midas of Wall’

in / Wail .

‘SPE.-tlilcn.-Containing a varied assortment of stu

Jnstructive, Everv boy should obtain this book. as it. 1

card .

4l66,yWest'23dStu¢ A 

 

o

oust TEN-Cl-ZN/T HAND nooks

Useful, lnstructiverand Amusing. They contain a
Valuable Information on Almost
Every Subject.

No. 11. HOW TO DBEBla—Con¢I1nin¢ full instruc-
tion in the art of dressing and appearing well at horns

‘and abroad. giving the selections of colors, material.
e

and how to have t m made up.

No. 18. HOW TO BROOKE BEAUTIFUL.-One of the
brightest and most valuable little books ever given to
the world. Everybody wishes to know how to becolla
beautiful, both male and female. The secret is simple. _ V
and almost costiess. . 

No. 20. HOW TO ENTEBTAIN AN EVENING
PAlt'l‘Y.—-A complete compendium .0! games. sports.
card diversions.. comic recitations. etc.. suitable for par.
lor or drawing-room entertainment. it contains more ’
for the money than any book published.

No. 22. HOW TO DO SECOND SIGH'l‘.—-Heller's sec-
ond sight explained by his former assistant. Fred Hun .
Jr. Explain ng how the secret dialogues were as ~
on between the magician and the boy on the stage: also '
giving all the codes and signals;

No. 23. HOW TO EXPLAIN DREAMS.-—This llttll
book gives the explanation to all kinds of dreams. to-
gether with lucky and unlucky days.

No. 28. HOW TO TELL FOBTUNE!.—Every one In
desirous of knowing what his future life will bring forth.
whether happiness or misery, wealth or poverty. !ou
can tell by a glance at this little book. Buy one and be
convinced.

No. 29. HOW TO BECOME AN lN.VENTOI.--3791:
boy should know how inventions originated. This boo '
explains them all. giving examples In electricity. hy- .
drnnlics, magnetism. optics. pneumatics. mechanics. etc. V

No. 30. HOW TO c00K.—Oue of the most instructive -*
books on cooking ever published. it contains reci ..
for cooking meats, ilsb. gamer and oysters: also pm.
puddings. cakes and all kinds of pastry. and a grand
collection of recipes. ,

No. 31. now To KEEP ll0Usl.'.—-It contains infor-a- 4:
tion for everybody, boys. girls. men and women: it will 
teach you how to make almost everything \round the 
house. such as parlor ornaments. brackets. cements.
Aeolian harps. and bird lime for catching birds.

No. 88. HOW, TO BECOME YOUR. OWN DOCTOR.-—
A wonderful book. containing useful and practical in-
formation in the treatment of ordinary diseases and s
ments common to every family. Ahonndlnz in u
and eﬂvctive recipes for general complaints.

No. 40. HOW to MAI!!! AND SET 'l'nAP8.—lnclId-

 

 

lug hints on how to catch moles. weasels. otter. rats. _'-,v
squirrels and/ birds. Also how to cure skins. Coplonsly ~ '

illustrated. - ,r;
No. 41. THE BOYS 0!’ NEW YORK END UEN’I 
JOKE BOOK.-Containing a great variety of the latest
jokes used by the most famous end men. No amateur
minstrgl is complete without this wonderful little book.
No. 42. THE BOYS OF NEW YORK STUIP

          
   
    

speeches. Negro. Dutch and irlsh. Also end man
jokes. , Just the thing for home amusement and amateur

shows.
THE BOYS OF NEW YORK MINSTBIL

     
      
     
 

No. 45.
GUIDE AND JOKE B0Oll.—Something new and very

      
 

contains full instructions for organizing amateur min» W
atrel troupes. 1 ' ‘ ‘

No. '52. now 1'0 PLAY cAnns.—Glving the rules
and full directions for playing Euchre. Cribbage, Cu]...
Forty-Five. Ronuce. Pedro Sancho. Draw Poker. Anew .
tlon Pitch, All Fours. and many other popular games at

S .

No. HOW 1'0 WRITE LlL"l"l‘EBﬂ.—A wondaah; 
little 19.333. telling you how to write to your a ‘
your father. mother. sister. brother. employer and,
tact. everybody and anybody you wish to writeqto.‘ ,A .
No. 54. HOW TO KEEP AND MANAGE rzrsa. ‘
Givinz complete information as to the manner '
method of rumor. keepia . taming. breeding. and _
sginf all kinds of pets: in so giving full instruct! .3;
mak as cures. etc. Full: expla ned by twenty
illustrations. . . . , ~

For sale by all newsde'alera.vor will as seat‘to 
address on receipt of price. 10:. per copy, ;

in wrgaapy or starapa,,Ay—‘ . .'.f‘
HARRY E. wow:-j. Publisher.  '5

     
         
     
 
     
          
       
       
 

   
 

    