The Wild Palms
by William Faulkner


                        WILD PALMS 

The knocking sounded again, at once discreet and peremp- 
tory, while the doctor was descending the stairs, the flashlight’s 
beam lancing onbefore him down the brown-stamed stair-well 
and into the brown-stamed tongue-and-groove box of the 
lower hall. It was a beach cottage, even though of two stories, 
and lighted by oil lamps - or an oil lamp, which his wife had 
carried upstairs with them after supper And the doctor wore 
a nightshirt too, not pyjamas, for the same reason that he 
smoked the pipe which he had never learned and knew that he 
would never learn to like, between the occasional cigar which 
clients gave him m the intervals of Sundays on which he 
smoked the three cigars which he felt he could buy for himself 
even though he owned the beach cottage as well as the one 
next door to it and the one, the residence with electricity and 
plastered "walls, in the village four miles away Because he was 
now forty-eight years old and he had been sixteen and eighteen 
and twenty at the time when his father could tell him (andhe 
believe it)  that cigarettes and pyjamas were for dudes and 
women. 
   It was after midnight, though not much He could tell that, 
even apart from the wind, the taste and smell and feel of wind 
even here behind the closed and locked doors and shutters 
Because he hadbeen born here, on this coast though not in this 
house but m the other, the residence m town, and had lived 

here all his life, including the four years at the State Univers- 

 ity’s medical school and the two years as an intern m New 
 Orleans where (a thick man even when young, with thick soft 
                                                      a doctor at a 
woman’s hands, who should never have been                             , 
 who even after the six more or less metropolitan years looke 
 out from a provincial and insulated amazement at his class- 
 mates and fellows: the lean young men swaggering in t  eir 
 drill jackets on which - to him - they wore the myriad anon- 
 ymous faces of the probationer nurses with a ruthless an  as- 
 sured braggadocio like decorations, like flower trophies)           e 
 had sickened for it.  So he graduated, nearer the foot of the 

                                   5 



class than the head though not at either, and came home and 
within the year married the wife his father had picked out for 
him and within four years owned the house which his xather 
had built and assumed the practice which his  father had 
created, losing nothing from it and adding nothing to it, and 
within ten years owned not only the beach house where he and 
 his  wife  spent their  childless  summers but the adjoining 
 property as well, which he rented to summer visitors or even 
 parties  - picnickers  or fishermen  On the evening of the 
 wedding he and his wife went to New Orleans and spent two 
 days in a hotel room, though they never had a honeymoon. 
 And though they had slept in the same bed for twenty-three 

 years now they still had no children. 
    But even apart from the wind he could still tell the approxi- 
  mate time by the staling smell of gumbo now cold in the big 
  earthen pot on the cold stove beyond the flimsy kitchen wall - 

  the big pot of it which his wife had made that mormng m 
  order to send some over to their neighbours and renters in the 
  next house  the man and the woman who four days ago 
   had rented the cottage and who probably did not even know 
   that the donors of the gumbo were not only neighbours but 
   landlords too - the dark-haired woman with queer hard 
   yellow eyes in a face whose skm was drawn thin over promi- 
   nent cheek-bones and a heavy jaw (the doctor called it sullen 
   at first, then he called it afraid), young, who sat all day long in 
    a new cheap beach chair facing the water, in a worn sweater 
    and a pair of faded jeans pants and canvas shoes, not reading, 
    not doing anything, just sitting there m that complete im- 
    mobility which the doctor (or the doctor in the Doctor) did 
    not need the corroboration of the drawn quality of the skm 
    and the blank inverted fixity of the apparently unseeing eyes 
     to recognize at once - that complete immobile abstraction 
      rotn ''  b5Cb cven Pam and terror are absent, in which a living 
     creature seems to listen to and even watch some one ofits own 
     *' UP1  go.gpns, the heart say, the secret irreparable seepmg of 
     mood, and tne man young too, in a pair of disreputable khaki 
      aaers and a sleeveless jersey undershirt and no hat in a region 

                     U, 
                    ° 
                   '      Peo   c believed the summer sun to be fatal, 
          ‘         ~ J?      f* 
                      ?Uang barefoot along the beach at tide edge, 

                                       6 



 returning with a faggot of driftwood strapped into a belt, 
 passing the immobile woman m the beach chair with no sign 
 from her, no movement of the head or perhaps even of the 

 eyes. 

    But It was not the heart, the doctor told himself He decided 

1 

  that on the first day from where, without intending to eaves- 
  drop, he watched die woman through the screen of oleander 
 bushes which separated the two lots. Yet this very postulation 
  of what it was not seemed to him to contain the secret, the 
  answer. It seemed to him that he saw the truth already, the 
  shadowy indefinite shape of truth, as though he were separ- 
  ated from the truth only by a veil just as he was separated 
  from the living woman by the screen of oleander leaves  He 
  was not eavesdropping, not spying; perhaps he thought, Iwill 

  have plenty of time in which to learn just which organ it is she is 

  listening to; they have paid their rentfor two weeks (perhaps at that 

  time also the doctor in the Doctor knowing that it would not 
  require weeks but just days), thinking how if she should need 
  assistance it would be fortunate that he, the landlord, was also 
  a doctor until it occurredto him that since they probably did 
  not even know he was the landlord, they would probably not 

  know either that he was a doctor. 
     The real estate agent told him over the telephone of the 
  renting of the house ‘ She’s got on pants,’ the agent said                   I 
  mean, not these ladies’ slacks but pants, man’s^ pants I mean, 
  they are too little for her in just exactly the right places any 
  man would want to see them too little but no woman wou d 
  unless she had them on herself. I reckon Miss Martha am t 

  going to like that much.’ 
      ‘That will be all  right with her if they pay their rent on 

  time,’ the doctor said 
                                                                         , 
                                                                       , 
     e No damn fear,’ the agent said. e I saw to that  I am t              een 
  in this business this long for nothing. I said.            It wi      ave to 
  be madvance,” andhe said, “All right. All right Howmuc 
  Hke he was ’    Vanderbilt or somebody, m them dirty ^ s                    g 
  pants' and nothing but an undershirt under his coat, hauling 
  the wad ofmoney out and one ofthe bills wasn t but a ten an 
  I just gave him ten change back out ofthe other one an  t  ere 

                                                                     course 
  wasn’t but two of them to begin with and I says 



you want to take the house like it is, with just what &tmtu<:e 
is in it now, you can get out pretty cheap,     and he says     AH 
right. All right Howmuch?” IbeheveI could have got more 
 than I did because if you ask me he don’t want any furniture, 
all he wants is four walls to get inside of and a door to close 
 afterwards. She never even got out of the taxi.  She just sat 
 there, waiting, in them pants that was just exactly too little tor 
 her m just exactly the right places/ The voice ceased, the 
 doctor’s head filled now with suspended wirehum, the rising 
 inflexion of a risible silence, so that he said almost sharply: 
    ‘Well? Do they want more furniture or not? There’s noth- 
 ing m the house but one bed, and the mattress on it ain’t 
    ‘ No, no, they don’t want any more. I told him the house had 
  a bed and a stove in it, and they had a chair with them - one 
  of these canvas ones that fold up m the taxi along with the 
  grip.  So they are all  fixed ’ Nov/ that suspension of silent 

  laughing filled the doctor’s head again. 
            ’                           it? What’s the matter v/ith 
     'Well? the doctor said  ‘Whatis 
  you?’ though he seemed to know already, before the other 
  spoke, what the voice v/ould say. 
     ‘I reckon Miss Martha is going to have something that will 
   set heavier on her stomachthan thempants even I don’t think 
   the) are married. Oh, he says they are and I don’t think he is 
   lying about her and maybe he ain’t even lying about himself. 
   T he trouble is,  they ain’t married to each other, she ain’t 

   married to him Because I can smell a husband  Show me a 
   woman I never saw before on the streets of Mobile or New 
    Orleans cither and I can smell whether — 

      T hey took possession that afternoon of the cottage, the 
    shack, which contained  the  one bed whose springs  and 
    mattress were not very good, and the stove with its one frying- 
    pan encrusted by generations of cooking fish, and the coffee- 
    pot and the meagre collection ofmismatched iron spoons and 
    tor " and knives and cracked cups and saucers and drinking- 

              men had once been containers of bought jams and 
     f    , and the new beach chair m which the woman lay all 

               Terentiy watching the palm fronds clashing with 
     w, 
     •               D1UCr S °Und agamst the brI Sht Slltter of the 
               1 c vnc man carncd driftwood into the kitchen. Two' 



mornings ago the milk-wagon which made the beach route 
stopped there and the doctor’s wife saw the man once return- 
ing up the beach from a small grocery store owned by a 
Portuguese ex-fisherman, carrying a loaf of bread and a toy 

                                                                  - 
 paper sack. And she told the doctor about watching him cle 
 Emin* to clean) a mess of fish at the kitchen steps, told 
                                                               - 
 thf doctor about it with bitter and outraged conviction          a 

 shapeless woman yet not fat, not anyw ere near 

 sthtly^tered,'along with the shade ofher eyes by the colour 
                                                             mat 
 of the house-dresses which she apparentlycho e toAr mess 
                                                    e^ed 
 them. ‘Anda mess of it he was making'’ 
  outside the kitchen and a mess on the stove too probably 

     ‘Maybeshe caa cook/ the doctor sai            r ? when he 
    •Where, how> Sitdng                           Lwas not the 
  carries stove and all out to ner.                          ‘They 
  real outrage, though she did not say               d  Theyboth 

  are not married,’ though It T^i/^hetwee/daem'j he would 
  knew that, once it was said aloud ^een^ ^^ ^for 

  turn the renters out Yet they                 them out he would 
  more reason than because when e                       more than 
  feel conscience-bound to return       e       money,     bad only 
                                                      ^key 
                                                ^ 
  this on his part any way,                   And there is something 
   twenty dollars. And that was three         louder than the pro- 
   wrong with her  the doctor now sp        g        ^     (perhaps 
   vlticfal protestant, f  lo 
   the doctor here too) talking              ,               calling 
                                               ,     doctor, 
                                                 ^ 
   mher too, because this morning she waked            ^ ^cotton 
  -him from the wmdow where she stoo                 ^er  grey hair 
   nightgown shaped like  a                   man coming up the 
                           to show 
    screwed into papers,                           driftwood And 
   beach at sunrise with his belted  agg                     gumbo 
    when be (the doctor) came home *tn°on she 

    made, an enormous,quantity or      ,           eGod women, as 
                          Samaritan  us a 
    made with that grim                           t      pleasure in 
                                            __ 
                                                   Jstlc 
    if she took a grim and vindictive an          performed at the 
    the fact that LSamaritan deed ^fT^ableand m- 
    pnce of its  remamder which would sit invrn 



exhaustible on the stove while days accumulated and passed, 
to be warmed and rewarmed and then rewarmed until con- 
sumedby two people who did not even like it, who born and 
bred in sight of the sea had for taste in fish a predilection foi 
 the tuna, the salmon, the sardines bought m cans, immolated 
 and embalmed three  thousand miles  away in the  oil  of 

 machinery and commerce. 
    He delivered the bowl himself - a shortish fattish untidy 
 man with linen not quite fresh, sidling a little clumsily through 
 the oleander hedge with the bowl covered by a yet-creased (and 
 not yet even laundered, it was that new) linen napkin, lending 
  an air of awkward kindliness even to the symbol which he 
  carried of the uncompromising Christian deed performed not 
  with sincerity or pity but through duty - and lowered it  (she 
  had not risen from the chair nor moved save the hard cat’s 
  eyes) as if the bowl contained mtro-glycenn, the fattish un- 
  shaven mask beaming foolishly, but behind the mask the eyes 

   of the doctor within the Doctor shrewd, missing nothing, 

   examining without smiling and without diffidence the face of 
   the woman who was not thin but actually gaunt, thinking Yes. 
   A degree or two  Vet haps thee. But not the heart then waking, 
   rousing, to find the blank feral eyes staring at him, whom to 
   his certain knowledge they could scarcely have seen before, 
   with profound and illimitable hatred It was quite impersonal, 
    as when the person in whom )oy already exists looks out at 
    any post or tree with pleasure and happiness. He (the doctor) 
    was without vanity it was not at him the hatred was diiected 
                          , 

    It's at the whole human race, he thought Or no, no. Wait. Wait - 
     the veil about to break, the cogs of deduction about to mesh — 
     Not at the t ace ofmankind but at the race ofman, the masculine  But 
     whj? Why? His wife would have noticed the faint mark of the 
     absent wedding ring, but he, the doctor, saw more than that. 
     SI e  has borne children, he thought One,  anyway; 1 would stake my 
     degree on that  And if Gofer (hewas the agent) is right about his 
      Mt brag her husband - and he should be, should be able to tell, smell, 

                        he  tS  aPPauntb m the business of renting beach 
      U 'f i°r        satht reas<in ot  under the same compulsion, vicarious 
      \ °  > 7 ,    ,     Ceriaw PE °PIe m the cities to  equip and supply 
         >mS  ° C aKdvst,ne ondfictitious names. ...Sayshe had come to hate 

                                         io 



   the race of men enough to desert husband and children; good. Yet, to 

- have gone not only to another man, but to live apparently in penury, 

  and herselfsick, really sick  Or to have deset ted husband and children 
  for another man andpoverty, and then to have - to have - to .  .      He 

   could feel, hear them: the cogs, clicking, going fast; he felt a 
  need for terrific haste in order to keep up, a premonition that 

   the final cog would click and the bell of comprehension rmg 
  and be would not be quite near enough to see and hear: Yes. 
   Yes. What is Uthat man as a race can have done to her that she would 
   look upon such a manifestation of it as I, whom she has never seen 
  before and would not look at twice ifshe had, with that same hatred 
  through which he must walk each time he comes upfrom the beach with 

  an armful offirewood to cook the very food which she eats? 
     She did not even offer to take the dish from him. 'It’s not 
   soup, it’s gumbo/ he said         'Mywife made it       She - we . 
   She did not move, looking at him as he stooped fady in his 
   crumpled seersucker, with the careful tray, he did not even 

                                                                v 
  hear the man until she spoke to him. 
      'Thanks/ she said       'Take it into the house, Harry/ Now 
   she was not even looking at the doctor any more.                Thank 

   your wife/ she said. 
     He was thinking about his two tenants as he descended the 
   stairs behind the jerking pencil of light, into the staling odour 
  of gumbo in the lower hall, toward the door, the knocking. 
   It was from no presentiment, premonition that the knocker 
  was the man named Harry. It was because he had thought of 
   nothing else for four days - this snuffy middle-ageing man in 
   the archaic sleeping garment now become one of the nations. 
   props of comedy, roused from slumber m the stale be  o                is 
   childless wife and already thinking of (perhaps having             een 
   dreaming of) the profound and distracted blaze of o ject ess 
   hatred in the strange woman’s eyes, and he again wit               t  at 
  „ sense of imminence, of being just beyond a veil from s0 ^e 
   thing, of groping just without the veil and even touc            g  u 
   not quite, almost seeing but not quite, the shape o trut 5  so 
   that without being aware of it he stopped dead on the stairs 
   m his old-fashioned list slippers, thinking swiftly Yes            ie . 

   Something which the entire race ofmen, males, has  one  o  er <? 

   believes hds done to her. 

                                      n 



                                                                   m 

  The knocking came again now, as if the knocker had be- 
come aware that he had stopped through some alteration of 
the torch’s beam seen beneath the door itself and now began 
to knock again with that diffident insistence ofa stranger seek- 
ing aid late at night, and the doctor moved again, not in 
response to the renewed knocking, who had had no presenti- 
ment, but as though the renewal of the knocking had merely- 
coincided with the recurrent old stale impasse of the four 
days bafflement and groping, capitulant and recapitulant, as 
though instinct perhaps moved him again, the body capable 
 of motion, not the intellect, believing that physical advance- 
 ment might bring him nearer the veil at the instant when it 
 would part and reveal in inviolable isolation that truth which 
 he almost touched. So it was without premonition that he 
 opened the door and peered out, bringing the torch’s beam on 
 the knocker It was the man called Harry. He stood there in 
 the darkness, in the strong steady sea-wind filled with the dry 
 clashing of invisible palm-fronds, as the doctor had always 
 seen him, in the soiled ducks and the sleeveless undershirt, 
 murmuring the conventional amenities about the hour and 
   Clnele  5 ashng to use the telephone while the doctor, his 

 nightshirt streaming about his  flabby calves peered at the 

                       m a fierCG SUr§e of triumpk'             I a 
                        * " ‘ 
                              YeS’’  hG Sald               nee  the 
  SwT                1                      >                  d 
  telephone I am a doctor myself.’ 
     Oh, the other said  'Can you come at once?’ 

                                                 ’ 
  X             th^tmg"7 PaGtS‘  mat S the tr °uble? S ° 

             1 
                           other 
  doctor too who                  ^sltated>   this,  familiar to  the 
                         S  n 
  source  that innate     ? ^ j^°re and Relieved he knew its 
  attempt to conceal some oTth             lnstmct of maakmd to 
  law yer for whose skill anri t 6        SVeG fr°m ttie doctor or 

                                                                   ’ 
  bl   d  V,’’   Sa'd  ‘wC™U°*te^yarePaymg ‘ She S 
     B '„ 
   EtIf' Ah                   ”0tIce thls-  He was talking to him- 

   th' k                                     ° 
                                         ^ 
                                                 ^ 
         of that? ‘Yes/ he said  ‘W7 u       f          ^didn>t 1 
           1                           y0U Walt here? 
                      but a                                  P«haps 
          " 
            “ 
               hCIC ’ 
                      ^ 
                          °* 
                             er SalA But 
                                               doctor did not hCar 
                                  iz 



      that either. He was already running back up the stairs; he 
      trotted into the bedroom where his wife rose on one elbow in 
      the bed and watched him struggle into his  trousers,  his 
      shadow, cast by the lamp on the low table by the bed, antic on 
      the wall, her shadow also monstrous, gorgonhke from the 
      rigid paper-wrapped twists of grey hair, above the grey face, 
      above the high-necked nightdress which also looked grey, as 
      if every garment she owned had partaken of that grim iron- 
      colour of her implacable and.invincible morality which, the 

                                                                       4 
      doctor was to realize later, was almost omniscient.  Yes,’ he 
      said,  ‘bleeding. Probably haemorrhage. Lungs. And why in 

                               * 
     the world I didn’t — 

         ‘More likely he has cut or shot her,’ she said in a cold 
     quiet bitter voice. ‘Thoughfrom the look mher eyes the one 
     time I saw her close I would have said she would be the one 
     to do the cutting and shooting.’ 
         ‘Nonsense,’ he said, hunching into his braces. ‘Nonsense.’ 
     Because he was not talking to her now either. ‘Yes. The fool. 
     To bring her here, of all places. To sea-level. To the Missis-                  ' 
      sippi coast - Do you want me to put out the lamp?’ 
         ‘Yes. You’ll probably be there a long time if you are going 
     to wait until you are paid.’ He blew out the lamp and de- 
     scended the stairs again behind the torch His black bag sat on 
     the hall table beside his hat. The man Harry still stood just 

     outside the front door 
         ‘Maybeyou better take this now,’ he said. 
         ‘What?’ the doctor said. He paused, looking down, bring- 
     ing the torch to bear on the single banknote m the other’s 
     extended hand. Even ifhe has spent nothing, now he will have only 
     fifteen dollars  he thought. ‘No, later,’ he said  ‘Maybewe had 
     better hurry ’     He bustled on ahead, following the torch’s 
     dancing beam, trotting while the other walked, across his own 
     somewhat sheltered yard and through the dividing oleander 
     hedge and so into the full sweep of the unimpeded sea-wind 
     which thrashed among the unseen palms and hissed in the 
     harsh salt grass of the unkempt other lot, now he could see a 

                                                            5 
     cbm light in the other house  ‘Bleeding, hey*             he said. It was 
1    overcast, the invisible wind blew strong and steady among the 
     invisible palms, from the invisible sea - a harsh steady sound 

                                         x 3 



      full of the murmur of surf on the outside barrier islands  the 
      spits and scars of sand bastioned with tossing and shabby 

                                 5 
                                3 
      pines. ‘ Haemorrhage- 

                                                         3 
          ‘WhaH’the other said. ‘Haemorrhage- 
          ‘No>’ the doctor said.  ‘She’s just coughing a little blood 
       then? Just spitting a little blood when she coughs, eh? 
                     5 ’ the other said. It was the tone, not the words. 
          ‘Spitting- 
       It was not addressed to the doctor and it was beyond laughter, 
       as if that which it addressed were impervious to laughter, it 
       was not the doctor who stopped, the doctor still trotted on- 
       ward on his short sedentary legs, behind the jolting torch- 
       beam, towards the dim waiting hght, it was the Baptist, the 
       provincial, who seemed to pause while the man, not the 
        doctor now, thought not in shock but in a sort of despairing 
        amazement: Am I to live for ever behind a barricade ofperennial 
        innocence like a chicken in a pen? He spoke aloud quite carefully, 
        the veil was going now, dissolving now, it was about to part 
        now and now he did not want to see what was behind it, he 
         knew that for the sake ofhis peace ofmind for ever afterwards 
         he did not dare and he knew that it was too late now and that 
         he could not help himself, he heard his voice ask the question 
         he did not want to ask and get the answer he did not want to 
         hear 
            ‘You say she is bleeding. Where is she bleeding?’ 
             ‘Where do women bleed-5  ’      the other said, cried, in a harsh 
         exasperated voice, not stopping ‘ I’m no doctor If I were, do 

                                                               ’ 
          you think I would waste five dollars on you-5 
            Nor did the doctor hear this either.  ‘Ah,’ he said  ‘Yes I 
          see. Yes  Now he stopped. He was aware of no cessation of 
          motion since the steady dark wind still blew past him. Because 
          I am at the mong age for this, he thought If Imre twenty-five I 
           con  say  Thank God I am not him because I would know it was only 
           my luck today and that maybe tomorrow or nextyear it will be me 

           77           TmeA t0 enVJ hlm And if 1 were nxty-five I could say 
            * f7                  hmbecause Men I would know I was too old for 

                          ? 
                                            ^ 
                                                              d t0 
                                                ^ 
                                                          &°°     em hl7}} Valise 
                                                      ^ 
           bWtrrnf             \°P                                   J 
            A >' hfiyfi h°yof,y  ofP™‘0» «ni oflife that he is not 
                                 0r    g     liU<^ot thinkthutUeseiveithls 
             '\ATTAA' AA’ 
                     hC Sa,d 
                             '          Th= other paused, they stood facmg 

                                              M 
A 



  one another, leaning a little into the dark wind filled with the 
  wild dry sound of the palms 

     4 

      1 offered to pay you/ the other said.  ‘Isn’t five enough? 
  And if it isn’t, will you give me the name of someone who 
  will come for that and let me use your telephone? ’ 

     ‘Wait,’ the doctor said. So Cofer was right,  he thought You 
  are not marrnd. Only why didyou have to tell me so            He didn’t say 
  that, of course, he said,  ‘You haven’t .  .  .           You are not 
                                                                             . 
                                                                               . 

  What are you?’ 
     The other, taller, leaned in the hard wind, looking down at 
  the doctor with that impatience, that seething restraint In the 
  black wind the house, the shack, stood, itself invisible, the 
  dim light shaped not by any door or wmdow but rather like 
  a strip of dim and forlorn bunting, dingy and rigidly immobile 
  in the wind. ‘Whatam I whaP’ he said                  ‘I’m trying to be a 
 painter. Is that what you mean?’ 
     ‘A           ?                no building, no boom, no develop- 
        painter  But there is 
 ment here any more. That died rune years ago  You mean, 
 you came here without any offer ofwork, any sort of contract 
 at alP’ 
    ‘I paint pictures,’ the other said           ‘At least, I think I do - 

                                                   ’ 
 Well'5  Am I to use your phone or not? 

     ‘Youpaint pictures,’ the doctor said, he spoke in that tone 
 of quiet amazement which thirty minutes later and then to- 
 morrow and tomorrow would vacillate among -outrage and 
 anger and despair ‘Well She’s probably still bleeding. Come 
 along.’ They went on. He entered the house first, even at the 
 moment he realized that he had preceded the other not as a 
 guest, not even as owner, but because he believed now that he 
 alone of the two of them had any right to enter it at all so long 
 as the woman was m it.  They were out of the wind now It 
merely leaned, black,  imponderable, and firm, against the 
 door which the man called Harry had closed behind them* 
 and now and at once the doctor smelled again the odour of 
 stale and cooling gumbo He even knew where it would be; 
he could almost see it sitting uneaten {They have not even tasted 
it,  he thought. Tut why should they? Why in God s name should 
they?) on the cold stove since he knew the kitchen well - the 
broken stove, the spare cooking vessels, the meagre collection 

                                      15 



of broken knives and forks and spoons, the drinking recept- 
acles which had once contained gaudily labelled and machine- 
made pickle and jam. He knew the entire house well, he 
 owned it, he had built it - the flimsy walls (theywere not even 
 tongue-and-groove like the one in which he lived but were of 
 ship-lap, the synthetic joints of which, weathered and warped 
 by the damp salt air, leaked all privacy just as broken socks 
 and trousers do) murmurous with the ghosts of a thousand 
  rented days and nights to which he (thoughnot his wife) had 
  closed his eyes, insisting only that there be always an odd 
  number in any mixed party which stayed there overnight 
  unless the couple were strangers formally professing to be 
  man and wife, as now, even though he knewbetter and knew 
  that his wife knew better  Because this was it, this the anger 
  and outrage which would alternate with the despair tomorrow 
   and tomorrow. Why did you have to tell met he thought. The 

   others didn't tell me, upset me, didn't bring here whatyou brought, 

   though I don't know what they might have taken away 
      At once he could see the dim lamplight beyond the open 
   door  But he would have known which door without the 
   light to guide him, the one beyond which the bed would be, 
    the bed in which his wife said she would not ask a nigger 
    servant to sleep, he could hear the other behind him and he 
    realized for the first time that the man called Harry was still 
    barefoot and that he was about to pass and enter the room 
     fun, thinking (the doctor) how he who actually had the only 
     sm.’ll portion of right to enter of either of them must hold 
    b. ck, feeling a dreadful desire to laugh, thinking* You see, I 
     1   ' hj;ow th” etiquette in these cases because when I wasyoung and 
     h> d in the citns where apparently such as this occurs, J suppose I was 
     * \r  :a, too afraid,  pausing because the other paused  so that it 
            ul to tre doctor, m a steady silent glare of wrhat he was 
          <r to ’• now m ac  actual clairvoyance, that they had both 

                   11  to a11w  thc shade>        the shadow, of the absent 
                      ,  r 
                             husband to precede them It was a sound 
       / '  f ' V n tnc room               ^ hich moved them - the sound 

        ! 
                    ^ 
                       '-'wr 
                              r glass 

       *           ’       ’  tl f In?n n *med Harry said  He entered the 

             * 
                ^ 
                      ‘b tot doctor ras ,       Rung across the beach chair, 

                                             16 



tlie faded jeans that were too small for her m exactly the right 
places. But he did not move. He just heard the swift passage 
of the man’s bare feet on the floor and then his voice, tense, 

not loud, quiet, quite gentle'  so that suddenly the doctor 

believed he knew why there had been neither pain nor terror 
in the woman’s face that the man was carrying that too just as 
he carried the firewood and (doubtless) cooked with it the 
food she ate        ‘No, Charlotte,’ he said.         ‘You mustn’t. You 

                                       ’ 

can’t. Come back to bed now 
    ‘Whycan’t I?’ the woman’s voice said               ‘Whybloody can’t 
I’5 ’  and now the doctor could hear them struggling  ‘Let me 

go, you bloody bungling bastard’  (it was ‘rat’, the noun, 
which the doctor believed he heard)  ‘Youpromised, rat That 
                                                                       -’ 
was all I asked and you promised  Because listen, rat                     the 
doctor could hear it, the voice cunning, secret now ‘It wasn’t 
him, you see Not that bastard Wilbourne I ratted off on him 
like I did you It was the other one You can’t, anyway 1 11 
plead my ass like they used to plead their bellies and nobody 
ever knows just where the truth is about a whore to convict 
 anybody -’ The doctor could hear them, the two pairs of 
bare feet, it sounded as if they were dancing, furiously and 
infinitesimally and without shoes. Then this stopped and the 
voice was not cunning, not secret  But where’s the despair ? the 
 doctor thought Where’s the terror           ‘Jesus, there I went again. 

                                      ’ 

Harry! Harry! You promised 
    ‘I’ve got you. It’s all right  Come back to bed.’ 

                          ’ 
   ‘ Give me a dunk 
    ‘No. I told you no more. I told you why not Do you hurt 

bad now?’ 
                                                             ,    .  TT 
    ‘Jesus, I don’t know. I can’t tell. Give me the drink, Harry. 

Maybe that will start it again.’ 
    ‘No. It can’t now It’s too late for that to Besides, the doc- 
 tor’s here now. He’ll start it again I’m going to put your gown 

 onyou so he can comein.’ 
    ‘Andrisk bloodying up the only nightgown I ever owne 
    ‘That’swhy. That’s why we got the gown Maybe that s all 
 it wall take to start it again Come on now 
    ‘Then why the doctor? Why the five dollars.  Oh, you 
 damned bloody bungling -No, no, no, no. Quick. There I g 

                                      17 



again Stop me quick. I am hutting I can’t help it                     Oh, damn 

                        ’ 
bloody bloody -           she began to laugh, it was hard laughing 

and not loud, like retching or coughing. ‘There. That’s it  It’s 

like dice Come seven come eleven. Maybe if I can just keep on 

               ’ 
 saying it -  He (the doctor) could hear them, the two pair of 

bare feet on the floor, then the rusty plaint of the bed-springs, 
 the woman still laughing, not loud, just with that abstract and 
 furious despair which he had seen m her eyes over the bowl of 
 gumbo at noon He stood there, holding his little scuffed worn 
 serviceable black bag, looking at the faded jeans among the 
 v added mass of other garments on the beach chair, he saw the 
 man called Harry reappear and select from among them a 
 nightgown and vanish again, the doctor looked at the chair. 
 Yes he thought Just like the fitemod Then the man called Harry 
 v as standing in the door. 
     ‘ You can come in now,’ he said. 



                             OLD MAN 

Once (it was in Mississippi, in May, in the flood year 1927) 
there were two convicts  One of them was about twenty-five, 
tall,  lean, flat-stomached, with a sunburned face and Indian- 
black hair and pale, china-coloured outraged eyes -an outrage 

directed not at the men who had foiled his crime, not even at 
the lawyers and judges who had sent him here, but at the 
writers, the uncorporeal names attached to the stories, the 
paper novels - the Diamond Dicks and Jesse Jameses and such 
- whom he believed had led him into his present predicament 
through their own ignorance and gullibility regarding the 
medium in which they dealt and took money for, in accepting 
information on which they placed the stamp ofverisimilitude 
and authenticity (this, so much the more criminal, since there 
was no swornnotarized statement attached and hence so much 
the quicker would the information be accepted by one who 
expected the sameunspoken good faith, demanding, asking, ex- 
pecting no certification, which he extended along with the dime 
 or fifteen cents to pay for it) and retailed for money and which 
on actual application proved to be impractical and (to the con- 
vict) criminally false; there would be times when he would halt 
his mule and plough in midfurrow (there is no walled peni- 
tentiary m Mississippi, it  is  a cotton plantation which the 
 convicts work under the rifles  and shotguns of guards and 
trusties) andmuse with a kind ofenraged impotence, fumbling 
among the rubbish left him by his one and only experience 
with courts and law, fumbling until the meaningless and ver- 
bose shibboleth took form at last (himselfseeking justice at the 
 same blind fount where he had met justice and been hur e 
back and down) using the mails to defraud' who felt that                e 
had been defrauded by the third-class mail system not of crass 
 and stupid money which he did not particularly want anyway, 

but ofliberty and honour and pride 
                                                                     , 
   He was in for fifteen years (he had arrived shortly after his 
nineteenth birthday) for attempted train robbery Be had laid 
his plans in advance, he had followed his prmte              (an      se) 

                                    *9 



                                                                     . 

                         =*          "         ++*! A          UiP i.    JVC 
authority to me me r: fig r<           ££<> eu      j-' 
        -eadmc arc re-reading me: .           rr.eir.orIp.ng     -'~c com- 

                                                                          zv^ r\ 
paring and veil         Inc stop  ^''d.  methoc. accmi r  sc                .o 
 nemod. taking me goon rxorr. esc.  and <L$                   pc tne cr 
                                               C Ids mind oner, to r ,ZtvS 

                                                                       ^ 
                                                           ^ ^ 
                                                         <C    Tf*”' r  O 
                                  -     VK     «—-L          v* >** -  < 
 tne suotle lest—mmote cts.^cCb 
                                     ' ‘ets a:    -    o:   r.eir aor omtcc 
 oatience. as me never panp;                •--                    . 
                             dressmakermaces me scope alterations 
         : 2. conscientious 

     a court pr 
 rind thcarter me dap came, be did cot ever have a char.ce 
  to co through the coaches aci collect the vatcr.es and the 
  rices, thebrooches arc thebidder* money-celts. Deemsehe had 
  beer cartercd as soor as he entered the express car "here me 
  safe and the gold vend he He had shot no one because the 
  pistol vhich they took avav from him vras not that .vied eta 
  mstoi although it vas loaded: later he admitted to the District 
  Attomep thathe had gotip as veil as the dark lantern in vruch 
   a candle burned and the black handkerchief to vear over the 
   face. bvpeddling noonshis due-hill neighbours subscriptions 
   to the Dinert:s' Gorertf.  So nov from true to time (he had 
   ancle leisure for it) he mused vim that raging Imuotence. 
   eecsuse there vas something else he could not tell them at the 
   trial did not knovhov to tell them. Itvas not the monev he 
    cad varied. It vas not riches, not the crass loot, that vodd 
    have been merely a bangle to vear upon the breast ofhis rride 
      ?ie the Olvmric n        it s amateur medal —             idol a badge 
    to sho— that he too vas the best at his chosen gambit in the 
    mrng and nmd voted or his time So mar at times as he trod 
     tee r.cniv sneeringblack earthbehind his dough orvith ahoe 
     oinnec the sprouting cotton and comor lav onhis sullenback 
     in ms burn after supper, he cursed in a harsh steadv unreped- 
                    rot at       y^gmen vho had put him where he 
                     ; 
      ^ 
     vas    Ul-    ^      he aid not even unov vere pen-names, did 
     not even knov vere not actual men but merely the desig- 

                                                                 * 
      nauc*ns or shades vho had vritten about shades. 
              Seco“d ("tmvictvas short and plump. Almost 
      ,                                                               hairless, 
         _ 
                     " 
                       ^ 
      m.                 t£ Helooked kke something exposed to light 
           ^        mmsr0y^lor ?r ?lanks and he too carded 
                           e. es hue the first convict) a sense ofburning 

                                          ao 






            t 

meaning to be; the amount of burden he left tc.        Jay’s moto 
used to dnve him to fury, even when he was a boy And yet ne 
couldn’t get around it    he was so naturally gay and so deeply 
 kind hearted that you couldn’t help loving him And he never 
 meant her any harm He meant so v/ell           That thought usca 
 particularly to enrage Jay, and even now it  occurred to him 
 with a certain sourness  But now he reflected also: well  but 
 damn it,  he did  He may have' traded on it,  but he never tried 
 to, never knew it  gained him anything  He meant the best in 
 the world And for a moment as he looked at the window he 
  had no mental image of his father nor any thought of him, nor 
  did he hear the clock He only saw the window, tenderly alight 
  withm, and the infinite dark leaning like water against its outer 
  surface, and even the window was not a window, but only some- 
  thing extraordinarily vivid and senseless which for the moment 
  occupied the universe A sense of enormous distance stole over 
  him, and changed mto a moment of insupportable wonder and 

   sadness 
     Well, he thought  we’ve all got to go sometime. 
     Then life came back mto focus 
      Clean shirt, he thought. 
      He unbuttoned the top buttons of his trousers and spread 
   his knees, squatting slightly, to hold them up Fool thing to do, 
   he reflected. Do it every time  (Hetucked m the deep tails and 
    settled them; the tails of this shirt were particularly long, and 
    this always, for some reason, still made him feel particularly 
    masculme ) If I put on the shirt first, wouldn’t have to do that 
    fool squat  (Hefinished buttoning his fly )  Well (hebraced his 
    right shoulder) there’s habit for you (he braced his left shoul- 
    der and slightly squatted again, readjusting) 
       He sat on the bed and reached for one shoe. 
       Oh. 
       Yup 
       He took his shoes, a tie,  a collar and collar buttons, anc 
     startea  from the room He saw the rumpled bed  Well, h< 
     thought, I can do something for her He put his things on tb 
     floor, smoothed the sheets, and punched the pillows The sheet 
     were still warm on her side He drew the covers up to keep th 
      ZT                                65: mches’ 80 *would look in 
                          ‘teWi                                ^ 
      pleased w.th the looks of it  He Fathered n„ wl*'             T 
      tie and buttons, and made for thftatchl ?»v,              ’ ? 
      as he passed the chddrea's door! wh’^ 

                            n 
      her, and dodged^mi fh*bath?oonf                            he t0' 
        c                                   '  OughtY TA” 
          reflected                                             UpSt3 
                                                                      “ 
                   £or 
                                the five hunSeda toe 

                                      30 



   1 1 

     ,f j ( 

 -  '  He thrust his chin at the mirror. Not so had, he thought, and 
 decided just to wash Then he reflected: after all why nacl he 
        a clean shirt*? He could hope to God not, all he liked, but 
,  worn 
 -the chances were this was going to be a very solemn occasion. 
 Td do it for a funeral, wouldn’t I? he reflected, annoyed at his 
  laziness. He got out his razor and stropped it rapidly 
     Mary heard this lavish noise of leather,  and with a small 
 -spasm of impatience shoved the eggs to the back of the stove. 
     Ordinarily he took a good deal of time shaving, not be- 
  cause he enjoyed it       (he loathed it)  but because if it hadtobe 
  done he wanted to do it well, and because he hated to cut him 
  self. This time, because he was m a hurry, he gave a sp 

                                                                      ar(* 
                                                                   ™ 
  cold glance at the lump of chin before he leaned fo 
  got to work. But to his  surprise,  everything worked like  a 
  charm; he even had less trouble than usual at the roots of H 
  nostrils, and with his chin, and there were no patches left 
- felt so well gratified that he dabbed each cheekbone withi             late 
   and took off the little half-moons of fuzz Still no complaints 
   He cleaned up the basin and flushed the lathery, hairy  ^ ^ 
   toilet paper down the water closet  Do I              e            buttons 
   water closet gargled. Nope He reached for                  c 
                                                            ^              an(j 
      When Mary came to the door he was Ringing 
   noosing the four-in-hand, his  ^n stretched ar 
   always was during this operation, with t  e 

   h0“Jay,” she said softly, a little quelled by this impatient look, 

    “I don’t mean to hurry you, but things "                 c °^ve the but- 
       'Til be right out” He set the knot carefu ?  S,“crupu- 
    ton' glaring into his reflected eyes, made an unusual y                 P 
  ’ lous part in his hair, and hurried to t  e           c  e  ejgs^        the 
                                                      ^ and 
                        >”          were the bacon 
      .                    There 
  i    “Aw, darling 
    coffee, all ready, and she was mabngP                              hours „ 
  •  - “Well you got to eat,  Jay. It 11                          ^ sleeping 
                                                ^^ 
    She spoke as if m a church or library,* 
   .                              hecause 
    children, unconsciously,                               where she stood 
    ' - “Sweetheart ” He caught her shoulder^ wn                           and 
                                               hard witn w 
    at the stove. She turned, her eyes 
                                                                    ” 
     smiled He kissed her.                «-rhPv’rp  setting cold 
                                                      w pancakes- 

      . 

     talk with your mouth.foil) he                      but he was touched, 
     yet quite awake enough to be                            hold It after the 
      and determined to eat a b g 
        st two, three ”                      ep it hot and poured another. 
                                          keep 
         She covered the pancake to ke 



         1 

   He noticed that she had peppered the eggs more heavily 
than usual  “Good eggs,” he said. 
   She was pleased  Not more than half consciously, she had 
done this because within a few hours he would doubtless eat 
again, at home For the same reason she had made the coffee 
unusually strong And for the same reason she felt pleasure in 
standing at the stove while he ate, as mountain women did 
   “Good coffee” he said           “Now that’s  more like  it”  She 
turned the pancake She supposed she really ought to make two 
pots always, one that she could stand to drink and one the way 
he liked it,  new water and a few fresh grounds put m, without 
<wet  throwing out the old ones until the pot was choked full of 
               But S] e couldn,t stand it, she would as soon watch 
 £                    ? 
 nim drink so much sulfuric acid 
                           s^e smded at him “You won’t get any 
 f.       f rw’                                                   s       J 
 u0m        that s all the way like it!” 
    He frowned at her 
    "Come on sit down, sweetheart,” he said 
                         ” 
     in a minute 
                      . 

                      a8 
                         “ 
    “You thmk s ™'         e tW° ar® SOnna be enouSh-” 

                      ' 

 drew hJtowa^ds                      Y°U U ” He took her hand and 
 “How about your’                            s,t here     She sat down. 

                        ” 
    “I couldn’t sleep 
    “I know what ” He ant           „  j 
    ^Vhat are you-^h 
                                                          ^ 
                           Vo^wT^anks 
    ror before she could 
                             prevent him he w 
 a saucepan, and now that he put                    d poured mdk into 

                                       t  it nn th 
                                        11 
                                           ° 
 v.ould like it                     p        n the stove she knew she 
    “y,7 ?nt some toast?” 

                         darlir,§ 
                    ^ 
 just perfect”                   * 1126 ^k, just by itself,  will be ' 
    He finished off the eaac  cu 
 pressed down on her shoulder                     °Ut °f her chair  Ke 
                                ider as 
                                     ashe 
 the fncakcs                             he got up He brought back 
      s nay J] be soggy by nnw T 

                                                     " 
         egeo he put a hand oAerlh^w                    She started up 
    ;      a             of  sC                     7°ustay P„Che 

  , 
                                               ^ 
     ’’u  v                                              '             be 
         p  stored on butter 

    * 
      c                        Uttcr ” 
   '       a Plenty" h^                she said 
       1 a:!,r * l ‘Kra in '<*                r  r 
                             ^‘ZXl B                      ts of pancake 
                                           “ks-  H T 
                                                 He Chewed them 
                                   32                                 up, 



   wallowed them, and speared four more. ‘'I  bet your milk’s 
   warm,  he said, putting down his fork:         - 
   e*t ”           c*She Was Up before be c °uld prevent her  “You 
 ' a^ick           SnS P°?Ted the white’     softIy steammS milk into 
   on the               an   sat /!own with it,  warming both hands 
           n !           t ^ 
                         tch ng hU    6at Because of 
                                                         ^ 
   of the hour ««rf?fc      £       ?                        strangeness 
                 a d. the ab™Pt destruction of sleep, the necessity 
  for acti™ V 5  #       . 
                         1 
  errand* w               "terruPtlve minutiae, the gravity of his 
 - h       an.d a klI}d of wear}’’ exhilaration, both of them found 
                          talk’ tbouSb both particularly wanted to. 
  rvl?  h'Z6d that shm was watcbmg him, and watched back, his 
  thrm lT?USyet s™lm&bls i aws busy. He was glutted, but he 
          1    himself> 111 finisb UP those pancakes if it’s the last 
  thm? J do 
      Don t stuff, Jay,” she said after a silence. 
      Hm9 
      Don’t eat more than you’ve appetite for ” 
  f i  «J?ad thought his imitation of good appetite was success- 
        Don’t worry,” he said, spearmg some more 
    There wasn’t much to finish         She looked at him tendeily 
  when he glanced down to see, and said nothmg more about it. 
     Mnh,” he said, leaning back. 
    Now there was nothing to take their eyes from each other; 
  and still, for some reason, they had nothing to say They were 
 not disturbed by this, but both felt almost the shyness of court- 
 sblP Each continued to look into the other’s tired eyes, and 
 their  tired  eyes  sparkled,  but not with realizations  which 
 reached their hearts very distinctly. 
    ‘‘What would you like to do for your birthday9” he asked 
    “Why, Jay.” She was taken very much by surprise. “Why 
 you nice thing! Why—why ...” 
    “You think it  over,” he said. “Whatever you’d like best 
 within reason, of course,” he joked  “I’ll  see we manage it. 
 The children, I mean.” They both remembered at the same 
 time He said, “That is,  of course, if everything goes the way 
 we hope it will, up home” 
   “Of course, Jay.” Her eyes lost focus for a" moment. “Let’s 
hope it will,” she said, in a peculiarly abstracted voice. 
   He watched her That occasional loss of focus always mysti- 
fied  him and family disturbed him. Women, he guessed. 
   She came back into this world and again they looked at 
each other. Of course, in a way, they both reflected, there 
isn’t anything to say, or need for us to say it,  anyhow 
   He took a slow, deep breath and let it out as slowly. 
   “Well, Mary,” he said m his gentlest voice. He took her 
hand. They smiled very seriously, thinking of his father and 

                                 33 



Af M«* other       and both lcnew in  (heir hearts,  as  they had 
 faown mtSminds, that there was no need to say anything. 

   They got up. 
    “Now%/herz-ahh,” he said in deep annoyance 
    “Coat n vest,” he said, starting for the stairs ^ 
    “You wait,”  she said,  passing him swiftly              rraid you d 
 wake the children,” she whispered over her shoulder. 
    While she was gone he went into the sitting room, turn 0 
  on one light, and picked up his pipe and tobacco               thesmgi 
  quiet light in the enormous quietude of the night, all the little 
  objects in the room looked golden brown and curiously gentle. 
  He was touched, without knowing why. 
     Home 
     He snapped off the light 
      She was a little slow coming down; seeing if they’re covered, 
   he thought He stood by the stove, idly watching the flexions 
   of the dark and light squares in the linoleum He was glad he’d 
   gotten it down, at last  And Mary had been right  The plain 
   black and white did look better than colors and fancy patterns 
      He heard her on the stairs  Sure enough, first thing she said 
    when she came m was, “You know, I was almost tempted to 
    wake them I suppose I’m silly but they’re so used to—I’m 
    afraid they’re going to be very disappointed you didn’t tell 
    them good-bye” 
                                 ” 
        “Good night’  Really7       He hardly knew whether he was 
     pleased or displeased  Were they getting spoilt maybe? 
                                           ” 
        “I may be mistaken, of course 
        “Be silly to wake em up. You might not get to sleep rest 

     of the night” 

        He buttoned his vest. 
          I wouldnt think of it,  except' well”  (she was reluctant to 
      remind him), “if worst comes to worst, Jay, you might be gone 
                              ” 
      longer than we hope 

1 

         “That’s perfectly true,” he said, gravely This whole sudden 
      errand was so uncertain, so ambiguous that it was hard for 
      either of them to hold a focused state of mind about it              He 
       thought again of his father 
          “You think praps I should?” 
          tr              ” 
           Let me think 
          “N-no,” he said slowly; “I don’t reckon No. You see ev 

                                          t0mght>   1 mean ” 
           “Yes, I see. Yes” 
           “Tell you what Tell them 
                                   Uiem rWt „„„ 
                                        > don t promise them or anything 
                                          34 



of course/ but tell them I’m practicly sure to be back before 
they’re asleep Tell them I’ll do my best.” He got into his coat. 
    “All right. Jay.” 
                               ” 
    “Yes. That’s sensible         She reached so suddenly at his heart 
that by reflex he backed away; the eyes of both were startled 
 and disturbed. With a frowning smile she teased him: “Don’t 
be frightened, little Timid Soul; it’s only a clean handkerchief 
                                          ” 
 and .couldn’t possibly hurt you 
    ‘Tmsorry,” he laughed, “I just didn’t know what you were 
 up to ” He pulled in his chm, frowning slightly, as he watched 
 her take out the crumpled handkerchief and arrange the fresh 
 one. Being fussed over embarrassed him; he was still  more 
 sharply embarrassed by the discreet white corner his wife took 
 care to leave peeping from the pocket. His hand moved in- 
 stinctively; he caught himself in time and put his hand in his 

 pocket. 
    “There. You look very nice,” she said, studying him eamest- 
Ty, as if he were her son. He felt rather foolish, tender towards 
 her innocence of this motherlmess, and quite flattered. He felt 
 for a moment rather vainly sure that he did indeed look very 
 nice, to her anyhow, and that was all he cared about. 
    “Well,” he said, taking out his watch “Good Lord a mercy! 
 He showed her. Three-forty-one. “I didn’t think it was hardly 

         ” 
 three 
                                   ” 
     “Oh yes. It’s very late 
•    “Well, no more dawdling ” He put an arm around her 
  shoulder and they walked to the back door.  All right, Mary. 

  I hate to go, but—can’t be avoided.’                               ,       . 
     She opened the door and led him through, o                e        P      • 
  <cYou’ll catch cold,” he said. She shook her head               No. It feels 

  milder outside than in.” 

; 

     They walked to the edge of the porestars,  and gave b 
  Mav drowned all  save the most ardent                                   ** 
   “I"sublimated light of the 
  in the end of the back yard, the bloss                 '  SUuou them 
  like a celestial sentinel. The fecun                         .r 
                                                                    dissolving 
  faces the tenderness 

                                              he 
      •‘What a heavenly                                                yotf .__ 
                                                  ^^^ 
  was dearest to him-                    '—m whatever happens ” 

                                     j 
   she remembered moir:         clearly                   his mind bad not 
      “I wish you could .toft he said,                                  ookcd 

                                                                       , 
                                                  ^ 
   been on such a possibil ty,                .          peculiar quality of 
                                dnve But^o 
   forward to *c sol.tary                                        ^         ymI 
                                                   ^                 ^ 
   her voice reached him anu 

   could.” 
                                        35 



  They stood bemused by the darkness. 
   “Well, Jay,” she said abruptly, “I mustn’t beep you.” 
   He was silent a moment. “Nope.” he said, a curious, weary 
sadness in his voice  “Time to go.” 
   He took her in his  arms, leaning back to look at her. It 
was not really anything of a separation, yet he wTas surprised to 
find that it  seemed to him a grave one. perhaps because his 
business was grave, or because of the solemn hour He saw this 
 in her face as well, and almost wished they had waked the chil- 
dren after all. 
   “Good-bye, Mary,” he said. 
                     ” 
   “Good-bye, Jay 
   They kissed, and her head settled for a moment against hin 
 He stroked her hair. “I’ll let you know,” he said, “quick as 
                    ” 
 can, if it’s serious 
                             ” 
    “I pray it won’t be, Jay 
     "Well, we can only hope.” The moment of full tendemes 
     +1Ce? ttlem was dissolved m their thought, but he continue 
 gently to stroke the round back of her head. 
 mv tuimy 1 ?ve t(? your mother. Tell her they’re both i 
                 and    lshes 
  course              .7       constantly ”And your father,  c 
                        en 
                           ° 
                            Ugh *°       to 
    “sme dearT 
            aie                  •” 
                 ^ 
                     ° 
 - '       ”          £ y°urself 
     “Sure 

     “Thm*™ l!er back and they parted. 
     “That’s right" &0myOU~sce you—very soon.” 
          n 
   beneath  tte eye,                           He Mssed her jus 
                       ^ 
   ™ded  and                reSS^her T”‘                      ’ 
         -      he hissed her heSLlv ^        1 PP°teed l,ps;  the’ 
   mer of gaiety, both were Qn fh~Y         he mouth  In a glim 
   customary morning farewell      she^T56 °f parting with thei 

       Good-bye, my dear »     V 

                  b 
                   ™ 
   »h4e^%? ptIy at                bottom of the   ,     “ 
                         0            ”           * 
                          " 
                                                    ^ 
      She thought rap’dly   AS,      ?                   Hey’” he 
                                Sf, 
                   dren                    ^ou 
   l0   h  „            sood.bye for 
                                                   ™ 
       J better not                                  1 11 s 

                                       ” 
           but          13       had I? 
   j.      ’    probably 
     ,5 don 1  wait tv> Y And Mary: I 
      i  .                              hope 
                                              I        . 
                                          p  1 Can 
       -di nght.n                              Can make 

                                 36 



                                                              . 

   “Good night” 

- 
                   ” 
   “Good night       He walked hack towards the bam In the 
middle of the yard he turned and whispered loudly, “And you 
                                        ” 
think it over about your birthday 
                                                  ” 
   “Thank you, Jay. All right. Thank you 
   She could hear him walking as quietly as possible on the 
cinders  He silently lifted  and set aside the bar of the door, 
and opened the door, taking care to be quiet. The first leaf 
squealed; the second, which was usually worse, was perfectly 
still Stepping to the left of the car, and assuming the serious 
position of stealth which the narrowness of the garage made 
necessary, he disappeared into the absolute darkness. 
   She knew he would try not to wake the neighbors and the 
 children; and that it was impossible to start the auto quietly. 
 She waited with sympathy and amusement, and with habitu- 
 ated dread of his fury and of the profanity she was sure would 

 ensue, spoken or unspoken. 
    Uhgh— uh yu hy why uhy uh: wheek-uh-wheek-uh: 
             hy 
    Ughh—hy wh yuh: wheek: 
     (now the neatly noiseless, desperate adjustments of spark 

 and throttle and choke) 
    Ughgh—hyuh yuhyuh wheek yuh yuh wheek wheek wheek 

 yuh yuhyuh- wheek: 
     (which she never understood and, from where she stayed 

 now, could predict so well) : 
                                                               .  y    , 
    Ughgh—Ughgh—yuhyuhUgh wheek yuh yuh Ughgh yuh 
 wheek wheek yuhyuh: wheek wheek- uh: 
     (like a hideous, horribly constipated great brute of a beas . 

 like a lunatic sobbing: like a mouse being tortured) 
     Ughgh—Ughgh—Ughgh  (Poor thing, he must be simply 
 furious)    Ughgh-wheQk-Whughughyuh-Ughw^e^hm^ 
  ghgyughyub.yuhy aaaaaaahhhhhhRhRhR                           - 
  (oh, stop it')  R H R H (a wmdow went up) KHKJl £AT 
  R H R H R yuhyhhRPHIRHRHRHRHRHRHRHRHR 
                                                  ™ 
   (the  door  smacked  to      in   rage  and          P        / the 
                                                            HRT  (     - 
                                                        Hp          U 
  -              (the wmdow went down) RHRHRHMRb, 
  machine backed out, crackling on the cmdfs)          TT,           al„ 
   (he wrenched it  rudely but adroitly in a                 j* bt from 
  most to the chicken wire, from between                   ’           - 
                                            ' ‘                as ruc]e 
                         bl^We^rhrh               ( 
  the street caught its                        "J      te tum> *,<, the 
  ly round the comer of the barn ana,        y  pp              (obedi- 
  alley, facing eastward, where it s      d)          he briefly  reap- 
  ent,  conquered, malicious as  a             hel% waved one hand 
                                           ^ 
  peared, facedtowardsthe                          drew the gate shut, 
  —she waved, but he did not see n£ 



                                                         RHRH- 
                              rhrhrhrhrhrhrhRHRHRH 
disappearing   beyond    it) 

RHR 
                                H 
                                  R 
                                   H 
                                     R 
                                      H 
                                       Th 
                                        rh 
                                        rh 
                                        rh 
                                        rh 
                                        rh 
                                        rh 
                                         rh 
                                        rh 
                                      rh 
                                       rh 
                                        rh 

         C utta wawwwwk' 
                     Craaawwrk9 
                           Chiquawkwawh 
                                           Wrrawkuhkuhkuh. 
                                                    Craarrawwk. 
                                                         rwrwrk? 
                                                               yrk 

                                                                 rk* 
        She released a long breath, very slowly, and went into the 

     house 
        There was her milk, untouched, forgotten, barely tepid  She 
      drank it  down, without pleasure, all  its  whiteness,  draining 
      from the stringing wet whiteness of the empty cup, was sin- 
      gularly repugnant She decided to leave things until morning, 
      ran water over the dishes, and left them m the sink. 
         If the children had heard so much as a sound, they didn’t 
      show it now. Catherine, as always, was absolutely drowned m 
      sleep, and both of them, as always, were absolutely drowned. 
         Really, they are too big for that, she thought Rufus cer- 
       tainly  She carefully readjusted their covers, against catching 
       cold They scarcely stirred. 
         I ought to ask a doctor 
          She saw the freshened bed. Why, the dear, she thought, smil- 
       ing, and got in  She was never to realize his intention of holding 
       the warmth m for her, for that had sometime smce departed 
        from the bed. 

                                      38 



                                                         Chapters 

He imagined that by about now she would about be getting 
back and finding the bed He smiled to think of her finding it 
   He drove down Forest, across the viaduct, past the smolder- 
ing depot, and cut sharply left beneath the asylum and steeply 
downhill. The L&N yards lay along his left,  faint skeins of 
-steel,  blocked shadows, little  spumes of steam; he saw and 
heard the ^flickering shift of a signal, but he could nolong 
 remember what that one meant Along his right were dar 
vacant lots, pale billboards, the darker blocks of small keeping 
 buildings, an occasional light  He would have eaten m one o, 
 these places,  small, weakly lighted hoies-m-the-wall, opaque 
 with the smoke of overheated lard, some xor Negroes so 
 whites, which served railroad men and the                           * a 
 hawks you found in any fair-sized tow*1                        sweating 
 woman there, except sometimes behind a              went to them but 
 over a stove. He never used to talk when he                   Jm,bu 
 he enjoyed the feeling of conspiracy, and tbe sound o looked 
  If yoi went to the rigM ones, and . :    you were known 
  like you could be trusted, you could get a shot 

  any hour of the night.                                 ^ last of the 
     He ran his tongue over his  teeth, tasting 
  molasses and coffee and bacon and eggs                       evidences 
     Before long the city thinned out                          peculiarly 
  of that kind of flea-bitten semi-iural ty                          new 
                                                       inexplicably 
  depressed him: mean little homes, an                   satisfying rural 
  and substantial, set too close to       t  (F                adherence 
                                       g£          rt    have 
  privacy or use, too far, too shape!sssly      P        of Cultivated 

                                           1 
 ‘ as any kind of comm!inlty;(r ^|n e Joad between them, trash 
                              1          thh 
   land behind them, and alongside                »       billboards:  he 
                                                          ° 
   and slash  and broken sheds and                                   near 
                                                    aboard, 
   passed a late, late streetcar, no passengers 

   the end of its run                                 last Qf tins sort of 
      Within two more minutes he ha                  intimate and moie 
                                           ^®ore       1 
   thing  The darkness became at once ma smoo                easy dronC; 
                          sounded different, 
   hollow; the engme 
                                      39 



budding limbs swelled up and swept with sudden speed ihrouy u 
the last of the vivid light; the auto bored through t ie  center 
of the darkness of the universe; its poring shails of light, hU 
 an insect’s  antennae, feeling into  distinctness every r^CVVl 
 small obstacle and ease of passage, and very little eke He mv 
 buttoned his vest and the top button of his troupers and settled 
 back. After a few moments he wondered about taking oir Ins 
 coat; but the rhythm and momentum of night driving were too 
  strongly persuasive to wish to break He settled still more deep- 
  ly, his eyes shifting gear constantly between the farthest reach 
  of his lights and the nearest, and gave himself over entirely to 
  the pleasures of the journey, and to its still undetermined but 

  essentially grave significance 
     It was just nearing daybreak when he came to the river; he 
   had to rap several times on the window of the little shanty be- 
   fore the ferryman av/oke 
      “Have to double the charge, mister, cross at night,” he said, 
   intent on lighting his lantern. 
      “That’s all right” 
      At the voice, he looked up, well awake for the first  time. 
    “Oh, howdy thur,” he said. 
       “Howdy.” 
       “You generally always come o’ Sundays, yer womurn, cou- 
    ple o’ young-uns.” 
       “Yeahp.” 
       He walked away, to the edge of the water, and holding his 
     lantern low, examined the fit of his flatboat against the shore 
     Then he raised the lantern and swung it,         as a railroad man 
     would, Jay, who had left his engine running, braked it carefully 
     down the steep, thickly tracked clay, and carefully aboard He 
     shut off his engine; the sudden silence was magical He got out 
      and helped the man block the wheels  “All ready here,” he 
      said, straightening; but the man said nothing; he was already 
      casting off. They both watched the brown water widen under 
      the lantern light, apparently with equal appreciation Must bp 
      a nice job, Jay reflected, as he nearly always did’        except of 
                                                                      r 
      course winter 
  .      “Run all winter?” 
  ,       Eah,  said the man, warping his line 
         “Tam’t so bad,” he added after a moment, “only for 
                                                                  r sieei 
                                                                    sleet  I 
       do mislike them sleety nights ”                       y             1 
         Both were silent  Jay filled his mnp      a, u „       , 
       he felt a difference m motion, a krndof dilation  *  & matcl1 
       now warped mto the bias of ihe cunent  S’ f< Py WaS 
   !   the ferryman worked no more                  whlcil  camed *t»  and 
                                           hp m3 1     ,     ° 
       his line  The fiat craft rode asamst                   ne hand on 
       breast  The water mumbled                              a hand on a 
                                    ea \a lmle>  durmg this part of the 

                                       40 



crossing, that was always the only sound And by now, the 
surface of the river gave back light which could not as yet be 
as clearly discerned m the sky, and along both banks the trees 
which crowded the water like drinking cattle began to take on 
distinctness one from another. Far back through the country 
 along both sides of the river, roosters screamed. The violet sky 
 shone gray; and now for the first time both men saw, on the 
 opposite shore, a covered wagon, and a little figure motionless 

 beside it. 
    “I God,” said the ferryman. “Reckon how long they ben 
 awaitm!” Suddenly he became very busy with his line; he had 
 to build sufficient momentum in cross-power to carry it past 
 the middle of the stream, where the broadside current, at full 
 strength, could lock both line and craft  Jay hurried to help. 
 “Tsch right,” the man called him off, too busy for courtesy. 
 Jay quit  After a moment the man’s hauling became more 
 casual. He turned, enough to meet Jay’s eye              Fwmt man 
  enough to hani that alone, wouldn’t be man enough to haul 

  the job,” he explained. 
     Jay nodded, and watched the expanding light. 
     “Hope tain’t no trouble, brung ya up hyer sich an hour, 

  the ferryman said.                                       ,   . 
     Jay had realized his curiosity, and respected his sfience, 
  the first,  and so,  although the question shghtly altered to 
  respect, he answered, somehow pleased to be able                 eom 
                                                                     “ 
  mumcate it to an agent at once so near his 
, so impersonal. “My Paw. Took at the heart. Dont know y t 

  how bad tis.” 

   JtlCciU, auu iuuiviug tuw                                    etrannp- 
   said. Suddenly he looked Jay in the eyes, his own we: 
   ly shy. Then he looked again into the brown waer, 

   tmued to haul at the line 
      “Well, good luck,” he said. 
      “Much obliged,” said Jay.                         .  a*tV-  deeolv 
      The wagon grew larger and larger, ana now *® 
   lined faces of the man and woman became 
   deeply lined faces of the profound coun ry                      sense 
    cient even in early maturity and which a way’8*e „              j her 
    of peace. The woman sat high above the “ule              Canopy, 
    deep bonnet had the shape of the flare o                  cocked on 
    The man stood beside his wagon              Aleves o^emen on 
   .the clayed hub. They gazed gravely in             Y                0f 
    the ferry, and neither of them moved, or made an5              K 
    salutation, until the craft was made fast. 
       “Ben here long?” the ferryman asked. 

                                5.   41 



                                                                              , 

   The woman looked at him; after a moment the man, with 

out moving his eyes, nodded. 
   “Didn’t hear yer holler.”                            ” 
   After a moment the man said, “I hollered 
   The ferryman put out his lantern He turned to J ay.              i warn t 
 rightly a dark crossmg, mister. I can’t charge ye but the day- 

 time toll.”                                                               - 
                                                              „ .   , much 
    “All right,” Jay said, giving him fifteen cents            And 
 obliged to you.” He put out his headlights and stooped to 

 cr2.nk the C2.r* 
     “Hold awn, bud,” the wagoner called. Jay looked up; the 
 man took two quick strides  and took control of the mule’s 
  head The wagoner nodded 
     The engine was warm, and started easily; and though with 
  every wrench of the crank a spasm of anguish wrenched the 
  mule, once the engine leveled out the mule stood quietly, 
  merely trembling  Jay put it violently into low to get up, tbs- 
   steep mud bank, giving the mule and. wagon as-wide a berth 
   as possible, nodding his regret of the racket and his friendli- 
   ness as he passed; their heads turned, the eyes which followed 
   him could not forgive him his noise At the top he filled his 
   pipe and watched while the mule and wagon descended, the , 
   mule held at the head, his hocks sprung uneasily, hoofs prod- I 
   drag and finding base in the treacherous clay, rump bunched 

                                                                               J 

    high, the wagon tilting,  the block-brakes screeching on the 
                                                                               ( 
    broad iron run.                                                            \ 
       Poor damn devils, he thought He was sure they were bound 
    for the Knoxville market  They had probably waited for the 
    ferry as much as a couple of hours. They would be hopelessly 

    late 

     , He waited out the lovely sight of the water gaping. The 
     ferry took on its  peculiar squareness, its  look of exquisite 
     silence. He looked at his watch. Not so bad  He ligSts 
     pipe and settled down to drive  He always felt different once 
     he was across the river  This was the real, old, deep country 
                         ntry  The       ms looked WrSo CTa 
      luUe fdTa r                    ^ 
            older and poorer and simpler, a little more homelike- 
      the trees  and rocks seemed to come different^ out or 
                                                                      “f fee 
      around, the air smelled different               i       y    ,        , 
                                                               W  6 
      1-r.ovr fee worst, ,f  ,t wi fee worn oUi^nen ’              •    Tf 
                                                      * 
      felt much more deeply at leisure  f u               unconsciously he 
      f.eshly  lighted country- and q        6 !he Watched the flowing, 
      little  faster than before               ^consciously he drove a 



                                                     Chapter U 

During the rest  of the night, Mary lay in  a “white” sleep 
She felt as odd. alone in the bed, as if a jaw-tooth had just 
been pulled, and the whole house seemed larger than it really 
      hollow and resonant. The coming of daylight did not 
bring things^ back to normal, as she had hoped; the bed and 
the house, in  this  silence and pallor,  seemed even emptier. 
She would doze a little,  wake and listen to the dry silence, 
doze, v/ake again sharply, to the thing that troubled her  She 
thought of her husband, driving down on one of the most 
solemn errands of his life, and of his father, lying fatally sick, 
perhaps dying, perhaps dead at this  moment  (she crossed 
herself),  and she could not brmg herself to feel as deeply 
about it  as she felt that she should, for her husband’s sake. 
She realized that if the situation were reversed, and it was her 
own father who was dymg, Jay would feel much as she felt 
now, and that she could not blame either him or herself, but 
that did her no good. For she knew that at the bottom of it 
the trouble was, simply, that she had never really liked the old 
man. 
   She was sure that she didn’t look down on him, as many 
of Jay’s relatives all but said to her face and as she feared that 
Jay himself occasionally believed; certainly not; but she could 
not like him, as almost everyone else liked him. She knew 
that if it was Jay’s mother who lay dying, there would be no 
question of her grief, or inadequacy to her husband; and that 
was a fair measure of how little she really cared for his father. 
She wondered why she liked him so little     (for to say that she 
actualfy disliked him, she earnestly assured herself, would be 
putting it  falsely).  She realized that it  was mainly because 
everyone forgave him so much, and liked him so well in spite 
of his shortcomings, and because he accepted their forgiveness 
and liking so casually, as if this were his natural due or, worse, 
as if he didn’t even realize anything about it   And the worst 
of this, the thing she resented with enduring anger and dis- 

                               43 



taste, was the burden he had torrent!, ho 

                                                                          ~* 
and her perfect patience v/itn ’mm, re,  si             nw <nu- *     • *  f  f p 
it was a burden or that he was fad ru auumh ca                         U^' * 

                                                                     ^        ^ 
unconsciousness m both of them that wk cmdu ow                                 >j ' u 

                                                                                     ( 
 if only once Jay’s mother had shown one som A                             r,t  , * \\ 

                                                                                     ' 
                                                                                   * 
 realization,  Mary felt  she might htr‘c  befit"  t«v 
 like him  But this  brought her into  :•               rest it men?.  Ar,<c',       < 
 dislike, of Jay’s mother, which she knew ww, both un' nrTJj^ 
 untrue to her actual feeling-.,  and which mad^ her or.c >rr* 
  fortable; she was shocked also to urth/e that 4  he  -‘V s                      w” 
  awake m the hour which might veil be bis last,  to think t.. 

                                                                4 
  of him Shame on you, she said to heme1 !, and bought or me t- 
  ly of ail that she knew was good about h«m. 
     He was generous for one thing. Generous to a  bunt  And 

                                                                                4 
  she remembered how, time and again, he had gne" a -                             a), 
  “loaned,” to the first person who asked him the favor, mone' 
   or food or things which were desperately needed horne^to 
   keep body and soul together  Fault, indeed. Yet it  "vw a i  ood 
                                                          — pretended to— 
   fault  It was no wonder people loved him                   or 
   and took every possible advantage of him And he van very 
   genuinely kind-hearted A wonderful virtue And tolerant. Vm 
   had never heard him say an unkind or a bitter word of any- 
    body, not even of people who had outrageously abused hb 
    generosity—he could not,  she realized, bear to believe  that 
    they really meant to; and he had never once, of th it  she v, ~r> 
    sure, joined with most of the others in their envious, hostile, 
    contemptuous talking about her. 
        On the other hand she could be equally sure that he had 
     never really stood up for her strongly and bravely, and an- 
     grily, against everyone, as his wife had, for he disliked argu- 
     ments as much as he did unkindness; but she put that out of 
     her mind  He had never, so far as  she knew, complained, 
     about his  sickness or pain, or his poverty, and chronically, 
     insanely, as he made excuses for others, he had never m de 
        c            himself And cert*5 "£ he faad precious 
      2 Zn£k                    t    * 
                       -°              CUSes’   but to* ‘°o she hastened" to 

                                                 . 

      and if  she had to reahze that that was not at all  fo                  WU 
      but purely because she was “Jay’s worrnn 55                   him         kAY 
      say, she certamly couldn’t hold that aeaimf him fd prob ^bly 
       feelings towards him came out of               §        ^  d her          beSt 
       Jay’s father. You couldn’t                   her recogmtl0n 0i               as 
                                           like  ivnn               t 
       pened to like them;                                 m°re tban you haP" 
                                  you simnlv ™ n? ; 
                                                    ° 
       feel more about them than thaf                Uldn t‘   And you didn’t 
       Bible to you. There was a specif kmd of                  hkmg made pos" 
                                                           basic weakness about 
                                             44 



 him; that was what she could not like,  or respect, or even 
 forgive, or resign herself to accepting, for it was a kind of 
weakness which  took  advantage,  and heaped disadvantage 
 and burden on others, and it was not even ashamed for itself, 
 not even aware. And worse, at the bottom of it  all,  maybe, 
 Jay’s father was the one barrier between them, the one stub- 
 born, unresolved, avoided thing, in their complete mutual un- 
                                                 ” 
 derstanding of Jay’s people, his “background      Even now she 
 could not really like him much, or feel deep concern. Her 
 thoughts for him were grave and sad, but only as they would 
 be for any old, tired,  suffering human being who had lived 
 long and whose end, it appeared, had come. And even while 
 she thought of him her real mind was on his son’s grief and 
 her inadequacy to it.  She had not even until this moment, she 
 realized with dismay, given Jay’s mother a thought; she had 
 been absorbed wholly m Jay  I must write her, she thought. 
-But of course, perhaps. I’ll  see her soon. 
   And yet, clearly as she felt that she realized what the be- 
 reavement would mean to Jay’s mother, and wrong as she was 
 even to entertain such an idea, she could not help feeling that 
 even more, his death would mean great relief and release. And, 
 it occurred to her, he’ll no longer stand between me and Jay 
    At tills, her soul stopped in utter coldness  God forgive me, 
 she thought, amazed; I almost wished for his death! 
    She clasped her hands and stared at a stain on the ceiling 
    O Lord, she prayed;  forgive me my unspeakable sinful 
 thought Lord, cleanse my soul of such abominations  Lord, 
 if it be Thy will, spare him long that I may learn to under- 
 stand and care for him more, with Thy merciful help  Spare 
 him not for me but for himself, Lord. 
    She closed her eyes. 
    Lord, open my heart that I may be worthy in realization 
 of this sorrowful thing, if it must happen, and worthy and of 
 use and comfort to others m their sorrow. Lord God, Lord 
  Jesus, melt away my coldness and apathy of heart, descend 
  and fill my emptiness of heart. And Lord, if it be Thy will, 
 preserve him yet a while, and let me learn to bear my burden 
 more lightly, or to know this burden is a blessmg And if he 
 must be taken, if he is  already with Thee now (she crossed 
 herself) ,  may he rest in Thy peace (agamshe crossed herself) 
    And Lord, if  it  be Thy will,  that this sorrow must come 
 upon my husband, then I most humbly beseech Thee in Thy 
. mercy that through this  tribulation  Thou openest my hus- 
  band’s heart, and awake his dear soul, that he may find com- 
'  fort in Thee that the world cannot give, and see Thee more 
  clearly, and come to Thee. For there. Lord, as Thou knowest, 
V 
                                45 



and not in bis poor father or my tin       orihv k-.linrM ths 

widening gulf between \vn                                      tm ruff. 
                           Who can do .11 1 1       - '•           ’ 
   Lend, m Thy mercy,                                    wedlrtl    for 
 Make us one m Thee as we are one in  (...nMs 

 Jesus’ sake, Amen.                                                  { 
                                                      nrn 
                                                      profound*' 
    She lay  somewhat comforted, but more pnSt.                o cler 
 turbed 'than comforted  For she had never befo 
 put into words, into visible  recognition, their  ^-tP  ^ ^ 
  lerence, or the importance of the difleiencc *° h; l,;           2, n* 
                                                                  - 
  important is it to him, she wondered. Ami h.wcn c  1 
  exaggerated my feeling  of  it?      A  gulF }     Ami     i iden .    * 
  Was it really? Certainly he never said anything that 
   her in such a feeling, nor did she feel anything of that large' 
   ness. It really was only that both of them said so^ very htne, 
    as if both took care to say very little  But that was just it. 1 nm 
    a thing which meant so much to her, so much more, all  t             e 
    time, should be a thing that they could not share, or cou.u 
    not be open about Where her only close, true intimate was 
    Aunt Hannah, and her chief love and hope had to rest in the 
     children.  That was it    That was the way it        seemed bound 
     to widen (she folded her hands, and shook her head, frown- 
     ing):  it was the children  She felt sure that he felt none of 
     Andrew’s anger and contempt, and none of her fathers irony, 
     but it was very clear by his special quietness, when instances 
     'Of it  came up, that he was very far away from it  and from 
      her, that he did not like it   He kept his distance, that was it. 
      His distance, and some kind of dignity, which she respected 
      m him, much as it hurt her, by this silence and withdrawal. 
      And it would widen, oh, inevitably, because quiet and gentle 
       as  she would certainly try to be about it,      they were going 
       to be brought up as she knew she must bring them up, as 
       Christian,  Catholic children. And this  was bound to  come 
       mto the home, quite as much as in church  It was bound in 
       some ways, unless he changed; it was bound m some important 
       ways, try as hard and be as good about it  as she was sure 
       they both would, to set his children apart from him, to set 

                             Jr 
                               °m 1           not          a-*™ or wish 
       of his, but by her own . ‘J ? 
                                 deliberate will  Lord God she craved 
       m anguish Am I wrong? Show me if I am wrong                 oeseecn 
        Thee. Show me what I am to do.                        S  I beseech 

        whafmieteshrmmf ODly ™at she toew already: that come 
        bmt ”d her^tnw™ a “ C1S,stian wom!®, as a Catholic, 

        and that ,t was ako                                        6 Faith’ 
                                          morfl              “L* ’ 
         *%*???  m m °ne’         that ‘he       be dosed          d 5’ *"* 
           But if X T l 
                    do this, nothing elsp tfiai-  t    . 
         refiected. Nothing, nottaig wiU^avafl        d° WlU Cl °Se ll’ She 

                                         46 



                                                 alm0St al°Ud’    JUSt' 
                                          S 

                                    5ffn Hiro. 
                            Catherine erred. 
“iTttectc^ P^ed; 

                                              47 



                                                      Chapters 

‘'Daddy had to go up to see Grandfather collet          their mother 
explained  “He says to kiss both of you for him and hell 
probably see you before you’re asleep tonight. 

   “When?” Rufus asked. 
                                           # 

   “Way, early this morning, before it was light. 

   “Why?” 
    “Grampa Follet is very sick. Uncle Ralph phoned up very 
 late last night, when all of us were asleep. Grampa has had 

 one of his attacks.” 
    “What’s attack?” 
    “Eat your cereal, Catherine. Rufus, eat yours  His heart. 
  Like the one he had that time last fall         Only worse, Uncle 
  Ralph says. He wanted very much to see Daddy, just as quick 
  as Daddy could come.” 
     “Why?” 
     “Because he loves Daddy and if  .     .  . Eat, wicker, or it’ll all 
  be nasty and cold, and then you know how you hate to eat 
   it Because if Daddy didn’t see him soon, Grampa might not 
   get to see Daddy again.” 
      “Why not?” 
      “Because Grampa is getting old, and when you get old, you 
   can be sick and not get well again And if you can’t get well 
    again, then God lets you go to sleep and you can’t see people 
               ” 
    any more 
       “Don’t you ever wake up again?” 
        You wake up right away, in heaven, but people on earth 
    can t see you any more, and you can’t see them.” 
            ” 
       “Oh 
        Eat,  their mother whispered, making a big, nodding mouth 
     and chewing vigorously on air.  They ate 
         Mama,” Rufus said,  “when Oliver went to sleep did he 
     wake up m heaven too?”                                     F 
           ?°n t know 1 imagme he woke up in a part of heaven 
     rJ                                                  P        nea\en 
     God keeps specially for cats” 

                                      48 



   “Did the rabbits wake up?” 
 - “I’m sure they did if Oliver did.” 
   “All bloody like they were?” 
   “No, Rufus, that was only their poor little  bodies           God 
wouldn’t let them wake up all hurt and bloody, poor things.” 
   “Why did God let the dogs get m?” 
   “We don’t know, Rufus, but it must be a part of His plan 
we will understand someday.” 
   “What good would it  do Him?” 
   “Children, don’t dawdle It’s  almost school time.” 
   ‘‘What good would it do Him, Mama, to let the dogs m?” 
   “X don’t know, but someday we’ll  understand, Rufus, if 
we’re very patient. We mustn’t trouble ourselves with these 
things we can’t understand. We just have to be sure that God 
knows best.” 
   “I bet they sneaked in when He wasn’t looking,” Rufus 
said eagerly  “Cause He sure wouldn’t have let them if He’d 
been there  Didn’t they, Mama? Didn’t they?” 
   Their mother hesitated, and then said carefully, “No, Rufus, 
we believe that God is  everywhere and knows everything and 
nothing can happen without His knowing. But the Devil is 
everywhere too—everywhereexcept heaven, that is—and he 
is  always templing us. When we do what he tempts us to do, 
then God lets us do it” 
   “What’s tempt?” 
   ‘Tempt is,  well, the Devil tempts us when there is  some- 
thing we want to do, but we know it is bad.” 
   “Why does God let us do bad things?” 
   “Because He wants us to make up our own mmds.” 
   “Even to do bad things, right under His nose?” 
   “He doesn’t want us to do bad things, but to know good 
                                                      ” 
from bad and be good of our own free choice 
   "Why?” 
   “Because He loves us and wants us to love Him, but if He 
just made us be good, we couldn’t really love Him enough. 
You can’t love to  do what you are made to do, and you 

                                       .” 
couldn’t love God if He made you 
                                                              ?” 
   “But if  God can do anything, why can’t He do that 
   “Because He doesn’t want to,” their mother said,  rather 

impatiently. 
   “Why doesn't He want to?” Rufus said.  “It would be so 
                         ” 
much easier for Him 
                                               — 
   “God—doesn’t—believe—in           ihe—easy     way,”  she  said, 
with a certain triumph, spacing the words and giving them 
full emphasis. “Not for us, not for anything or anybody, not 
even for Himself God wants us to come to Him, to find Hitn, 
the best we can.” 



along the edge of the platform like buzzards on a fence, their 
shackled feet dangling above the brown motionless flood out 
of which the railtoad embankment rose, pi i stine and intact, 
m a kind of paradoxical denial and repudiation of change and 

portent, not talking, just looking quietly across the ti ack to 

wheie the other half of the amputated town seemed to float, 
 house, shrub and tree, ordered and pageant-bkc and without 
 motion, upon the limitless liquid plain beneath the thick grey 

 sky 
   After a while the other foui trucks from the Farm arrived. 
 They came up, bunched closely, ladiator to tail light, with 
 their four sepaiate sounds of tearing silk and vanished beyond 
 the compress Presently the ones on the platform heard the 
  feet,  the mute clashing of the shackles, the first  truckload 
  emerged from the compress, the second, the third, there were 
  more than a hundied of them now m their bed-ticking overalls 
  and jumpeis and fifteen 01 twenty guards with rifles and shot- 
  guns 'The first lot rose and they mingled, paired, twinned by 
  their clanking and clashihg umbilicals, then it began to ram, 
  a slow steady grey diizzle like November instead of May. Yet 
  not one of them made any move towards the open door of the 
   compiess They did not even look towards it, with longing 01 
   hope or without it  If they thought at all, they doubtless knew 
   that the available space in it would be needed for furniture, 
   even if it were not already filled  Or perhaps they knew that, 
   even if there were room in it, it would not be for them, not that 
   the guards would wish them to get wet but that the guards 
   would not think about gettihg them out of the lain. So they 
   just stopped talking and with their jumper collats turned up 
   and shackled in braces like dogs at a field trial they stood, 
    immobile, patient, almost ruminant, their backs turned to the 
    ram as sheep and cattle do 
      After another while they became aware that the number of 
    soldiers had increased to a dozen or more, waim and dry 
    beneath rubberized ponchos, there was an officer with a pistol 
    at his belt,  then and without making any move towards it, 
    diey began to smell food and, turning to look, saw an army 
      eld kitchen set up just inside the compress door But they 
     made no move, they waited until they were herded into line, 

                                  50 



 they inched forward, their heads lowered and patient in the 
 rain, and received each a bowl of stew, a mug of coffee, two 
 slices ofbread. They ate this in the ram. They did not sit down 
 because the platform was wet, they squatted on their heels as 
 country men do, hunching forward, trying to shield the bowls 
 and mugs into which nevertheless the ram splashed steadily 
 as into miniature ponds, and soaked, invisible and soundless, 

 into the bread. 

   After they had stood on the platform for three hours, 
 a tram came for them. Those nearest the edge saw it, watched 
it  - a passenger coach apparently running under its  own 
power and trading a cloud of smoke from no visible stack, a 
 cloud which did not rise but instead shifted slowly and heavily 
aside and lay upon the surface of the aqueous earth with a 
quality at once weightless and completely spent It came up 
and stopped, a single old-fashioned open-ended wooden car 
coupled to the nose of a pushing switch engine considerably 
 smaller. They were herded into it,  crowding forward to the 
other end where there was a small cast iron stove. There was 
no fire in it, nevertheless thev crowded about it - the cold and 
voiceless lump of iron stained with fading tobacco and hover- 
ed about by the ghosts of a thousand Sunday excursions to 
Memphis or Moorhead and return - the peanuts, the bananas, 
the soiled garments of infants - huddling, shoving for places 

         f                                                          £ 
near it.   Come on, come on/ one of the guards shouted               Sit 
down, now/ At last three of the guards, laying aside their 
guns, came among them and broke up the huddle, driving 
them back and into seats 
   There were not enough seats for all  The others stood m the 
aisle, they stood braced, they heard the air hiss out of the 
released brakes, the engine whistled four blasts, the car came 
into motion with a snapping jerk; the platform, the compress 
fled violently as the tram seemed to transpose from immobility 
to full speed with that same quality of unreality with which it 
had appeared, running backward now though with the engine 
m front where before it had moved forward but with tiic 

engine behind. 
   When the railroad in its  turn ran beneath the surCce o* 
the water, the convicts did not c\ea Itnow } t.  Thei felt tl,e 



tram stop, they heard the engine blow a  long blast which 
wailed away unechoed across the waste, wild and forlorn, and 

they were not even curious, they sat or stood behind the ram- 
 streaming windows as die tram crawled on again, feeling its 
way as the truck had while the brown water swirled between 
 the trucks and among the spokes of the driving wheels and 
 lapped m cloudy steam against the dragging fire-filled belly oi 
 the engine, again it blew four short harsh blasts filled with the 
 wild triumph and defiance yet also with repudiation and even 
 farewell, as if the articulated steel itself knew it did not dare 
  stop and would not be able to return. Two hours later m 
  the twilight they saw through the  streaming windows a 
  burning plantation house Juxtaposed to nowhere and neigh- 
  boured by nothing it  stood, a clear steady pyre-like flame 
  rigidly fleeing its  own reflection, burning in the dusk above 

  the watery desolation with a quality paradoxical, outrageous, 

  and bizarre 
     Sometime after dark the tram stopped  The convicts did 
   not knowwhere they were They did not ask They would no 
   more have thought of asking where they were than they would 
   have asked why and what for  They couldn’t even see, since 
   the car was unlighted and the windows fogged on the outside 
   by rain and on the inside by the engendered heat of the packed 
   bodies  All they could see was a milky and sourceless flick 
   and glare of flashlights  They could hear shouts and com- 
   mands, then the guards inside the car began to shout, they 
    were herded to their feet and towards the exit, the ankle chains 
    clashing and clanking  They descended into a fierce hissing 
    of steam, through ragged wisps of it blowing past the car. 
    Laid-to alongside the tram and resembling a tram itself was 
    a thick blunt motor launch to which was attached a string of 
    skiffs and flat boats  There were more soldiers, the flashlights 
    played on the rifle-barrels and bandolier buckles and flicked 
     and glinted on the ankle chains of the convicts as they stepped 
     gingerly down into knee-deep water and enteied the boats; 
     now car and engine both vanished completely m steam as the 
     crewbegan dumping the fire from the firebox 
                 ther hOU   ^began t0 See hShte ahead ~ a faint 
     wavermr°        c   f 
     wavering row of red pin-pricks extending along the horizon 

                                   5a 



and apparently hanging low in the sky. But it took almost 
another hour to reach them while the convicts squatted in the 
skiffs, huddled Into the soaked garments (they no longer felt 
the rain any more at all as separate drops) and watched the 
lights draw nearer and nearer until at last the crest of the 
levee defined itself; now they could discern a row of army 
tents stretching along it and people squatting about the fires, 
the wavering reflections from which, stretching across the 
water, revealed an involved mass of other skiffs tied against 
the Hank of the levee which now stood high and dark over- 
head. Flashlights glared and winked along the base, among 
the tethered skiffs; the launch, silent now, drifted m 
   When they reached the top of the levee they could see the 
long line of khaki tents, interspersed with fires about which 
                                                                         - 
people - men, women, and children, Negro and white 
crouched or stood among shapeless bales of clothing, their 
heads turning, their eyeballs glinting m the firelight as they 
looked quietly at the striped garments and the chains, further 
down the levee, huddled together too, though untethered, 
was a drove of mules and two or three cows Then the taller 
convict became conscious of another sound He did not begin 
to hear it all at once, he suddenly became aware that he had 
been hearing it all the time, a sound so much beyond all his 
experience and his powers of assimilation that up to this 
point he had been as oblivious of it as an ant or a flea might 
be of the sound of the avalanche on which it rides, he had 
been travelling upon water smee early  afternoon and for 
 seven years now he had run his plough and harrow and 
planter within the very shadow of the levee on which he now 
 stood, but this profound deep whisper which came from the 
further side ofit he did not at once recognize He stopped The 
line of convicts behind jolted into him like a line of freight 

                                                                      5 
cars stopping, with an iron clashing like cars             ‘Get on1     a 

 guard shouted 
    ‘What’s that'5 ’  the convict said  A Negro man squatting 

before the nearest fire answered him: 

                                        ’ 
   c Dat’s him Dat’s de Ole Man 

    ‘The old man^ the convict said 
    ‘Get on! Get on up there'’ the guard shouted. They went 

                                   53 



on; they passed anothei huddle of mules, the eyeballs rolling 

too, the long moiose faces turning into and out of the firelight; 
they passed them and reached a section of empty tents, the 
light pup tents of a military campaign, made to hold two men. 
 The guatds herded the convicts into them, three brace of 

 shackled men to each tent 
   They crawled in on all fours, like dogs into ciampcd ken- 
 nels, and settled down. Presently the tent became warm from 
 their bodies. Then they became quiet and then all  of them 

 could hear it,  they lay listening to the bass whisper, deep, 

 strong and powerful. ‘Theold man?’ the tiam-robbcr convict 

  said. 

     ‘Yah,’ another said. ‘Hedon’t have to brag.’ 
    At dawn the guards waked them by kicking the soles of the 
  projecting feet. Opposite die muddy landing and the huddle of 

  skiffs an army field kitchen was set up, already they could smell 

  the- coffee. But the taller convict at least, even though he had 
  had but one meal yesteiday and that at noon in the ram, did 
  not move at once towards the food. Instead and for the first 
   time he looked at the River within whose shadow he had spent 
   the last seven years of his life but had never seen before, he 
   stood in quiet and amazed surmise and looked at the rigid 
   steel-colouied  surface not broken into waves but merely 
   slightly undulant  It stretched from the levee on which he 
   stood, further than he could see -a slowly and heavily rolling 
   chocolate-frothy expanse broken only by a thin line a mile 
    away as fragile m appearance as a single hair, which after a 
    moment he recognized. It’s another  levee  he thought quietly. 
    That s what we look like fr orn there.  That’s what I aw standing on 
    looks like from there  He was prodded from the rear; a guard’s 
    voice carried forward: ‘Goon! Go on! You’ll have plenty of 
    time to look at that!’ 

       They received the same stew and coffee and bread as the day 
    before, they /squatted again with their bowls and mugs as 
     yesterday, though it was not raining yet. During the night an 
     intact wooden barn had floated up. It now lay jammed by the 
     current against the levee while a crowd of Negroes swaimed 
     over it, ripping off the shingles and planks and carrying them 
     up     e bank; eating steadily and without haste,  the taller 

                                      54 



                                                                       3 

  convict matched the barn dissolve rapidly down to the very 
  waterline exactly as a dead fly vanished beneath the moihng 
                                                                          ° 
  industry of a swarm of ants, 
     They finished eating. Then it began to ram again, as upon 
  a signal, while they stood or squatted in their harsh garments 

  '.vhich had not dried out during the night but had merely be- 
  come slightly warmer than the air. Presently they were haled 
  to their feet and told off into two groups, one of which was 
  armed from a stack ofmud-clogged picks and shovels nearby, 
  and matched away up the levee. A little later the motor launch 
 with its tram of skiffs came up across what was, fifteen feet 

 beneath its keel, probabl) a cotton field, the skiffs loaded to the 

 gunwales with Negroes and a scattering ofwhite people nurs- 
 mg bundles on their laps. When the engine shut off the faint 
 plmktng of a guitar came acoss the water.  The skiffs warped 
 m and unloaded; the convicts watched the men and women 
 and children struggle up the muddy slope, carrying heavy tow- 
 sacks and bundles wrapped in quilts. The sound of the guitar 
 had not ceased and now the convicts sawhim -a young, black, 
 lean-hipped man, the guitar slung by a piece of cotton plough 
 hne about his neck. He mounted the levee, still picking it  He 
 carried nothing else, no food, no change of clothes, not even a 

 coat. 

   The taller convict was so busy watching this that he did not 
 hear the guard until the guard stood directly beside him shout- 
 ing his name. ' Wake up I   ’  the guard shouted c Can you fellows 

paddle aboard’ 
   ‘Paddlea boat where        the taller convict said. 
   ‘Inthe water,3  the guard said e Where mhell do you think? 

   ‘I ain't going to paddle no boat nowhere out yonder/ the 
tall convict said, jerking his head towards the invisible river 
beyond the leveebehind him 
   ‘No, it’s  on this side/ the guard said. He stopped swiftly 
and unlocked the chain which joined the tail convict and the 
plump hairless one. ‘It’s just down the road a piece ’ He rose. 
The two convicts followed him down to the boats.  'Follow 
them telephone poles until you come to a filling station You 
can tell it, the roofis still above water It’s on a bayou and you 
can tell the bayou because the tops of the trees are sticking up. 

                                  55 



                                                                _ 
Follow the bayou until you comc’to a cypress snag with 
woman in it.  Pick her up and then cut straight back west 
until you come to a cotton house with a fellow sitting on the 
 ridgepole     He turned, loolting at the two convicts, who 
 stood perfectly  still,  looking first  at the skiff and then at 
 the water with intense sobriety. ‘Well? What are you waiting 

 for>’ 
   C I can’t row a boat,’ the plump convict said. 
    ‘Thenit’s high time you learned,’ the guard said. ‘Get in. 
    The tall convict shoved the other forward. c  Get in/ he said. 

  ‘That water ain’t going to hurt you. Ain’t nobody going to 

 make you take abath.’ 
    As, the plump one m the bow and the other in the stem, 
  they shoved away from the levee, they saw other pairs being 
  unshackled andmanning the other skiffs  £  I wonder how many 

  more of them fellows are seeing this much water for the first 
  time in their lives too/ the tall convict said. The other did not 
  answer. He knelt m the bottom of the skiff, pecking gingerly 
  at the watei now and then with lus paddle The very shape of 
  his thick soft back seemed to wear that expression of waiy 
  and tense concern 
     Some, time after midnight a rescue boat filled to the guard 
   rail with homeless men and women and children docked at 
  Vicksburg. It was a steamer, shallow of draft, all day long it 
   had poked up and down cypress- and gum-choked bayous and 
   across cotton fields  (where at times instead of swimming it 
   waded) gathering its sorry cargo from the tops of houses and 
   barns and even out of trees, and now it warped into that mush- 
   room city of the forlorn and despairing where kerosene flares 
    smoked m the drizzle and hurriedly strung electrics glared 
   upon the bayonets ofmartial policemen and the red cross bras- 
    sards of doctors and nuises and canteen-workers. The bluff 
    overhead was almost solid'with tents, yet still there were more 
    people than shelter for them, they sat or lay, single and by 
    whole families, under what shelter they could find or some- 
    times under the rain itself, in the little death of profound ex- 
    haustion while the doctors and the nurses and the soldiers 
     stepped over and around and among them. 
       Among the first to disembark was one of die penitentiary 

                                   56 



deputy -wardens, followed closely by the plump convict and 
another white man - a small man with a gaunt unshaven wan 
face still wearing an expression of incredulous outrage. The 
deputywarden seemed to know exactly where he wished to go. 
Followed closely by his two companions he threaded his way 
swiftly among the piled furniture and the sleeping bodies and 
stood presently in a fiercely lighted and hastily established tem- 
porary office,, almost a military post of commandmfact, where 
the Warden of the Penitentiary sat with two army officers 
wearing major’s leaves. The deputy warden spoke without 
preamble. ‘ Wc lost a mam/ he said. He called the tall convict’s 

name. 

   4 
    Lost him?’ the Warden said. 

   ‘ 
    Yah. Drowned ’  Without turning his head he spoke to the 
plump convict. 'Tell hum/ he said. 
    ‘Hewas the one that said he could row a boat/ the plump 
convict said. ‘I never I told him myself’ - he indicated the 
deputy warden with a jerk of his head - ‘I couldn’t. So when 
we got to the bayou 
   * What’s this 5 ’ the Warden said. 

   ‘The launch brought word in/ the deputy warden said 
                                                                         - 
 ‘Womanm a cypress snag on the bayou, then this fellow’ 
he indicated the third man; the Warden and the two officers 
looked at the third man - ‘ on a cotton house. Never had room 

                                               ’ 
in the launch to pick them up Go on 
   ‘ So we come to where the bayou was/ the plump convict 

continued         a                      fiat,  without any inflexion 
              m  voice perfectly 
whatever. ‘Then the boat got away from him I don’t know 
what happened. I was just sitting there because he was so posi- 
tive he could row  boat. I never saw any current. Just all of a 
                      a 
 sudden the boat whirled clean around and begun to run fast 
backward like it was hitched to a tram and it whirled around 
again and I happened to look up and there was a limb right 
over my head and I grabbed it just m time and that boat was 
snatched out from under me like you’d snatch off a sock and I 
 saw it one time more upside down and that fellow that said he 
 knew all about rowing holding to it with one hand and still 
holding the paddle in the other — 5        He ceased  There was no 

 dying fall to his voice, it just ceased and the convict stood 

                                    57 



                           l 

looking quietly at a half-full quart of whisky sitting on the 

    ‘Howdo you knowhe’s drownedN the Warden said to the 
deputy.  ‘How do you know he didn’t just see his chance to 

 escape, and took lP’                                                        ,  , 
    ‘Escapewhere?’ the other said. ‘Thewhole Delta s flooded. 
 There’s fifteen foot of water for fifty miles, clean back to the 

 hills. And that boat was upside down.’ 
    ‘ That fellow’s drowned,’ the plump convict said ‘ You don’t 

 need to worry about him. He’s got his pardon; it won t cramp 

 nobody’s hand signing it, neither.’ 
     ‘Andnobody else saw him?’ the Warden said. ‘Whatabout 

                               ’ 
                             ^ 
  the womanmthe tree 
     ‘I don’t know,’ the deputy said              ‘I ain’t found her yet  I 
  reckon some other boat picked her up But this is the fellow on 

                         ’ 

  the cotton house 
     Again the Warden and the two officers looked at the third 
   man, at the gaunt, unshaven wild face in which an old terror, 
   an old blending of fear and impotence and rage still hngeied. 
    ‘He never came for you            the Warden said.  ‘You never saw 

                                                                     ' 
   hinY’ 
       ‘Nevernobody came for me,’ the refugee said. He began to 
    tremble though at first he spoke quietly enough  ‘I set there 
    on that sonabitchmg cotton house, expecting hit to go any 
    minute I saw that launch and them boats come up and they 
    never had no room for me. Full of bastard mggeis and one of 
    them setting there playing a guitar but there wasn’t no room 
     for me A guitar 5        he cried, but now he began to scream, 
     trembling, slavering, his face twitching and jerking                  ‘Room 
     for a bastard nigger guitar but not for me - ’ 
        ‘Steady now,’ the Warden said  ‘Steady now 5 
        ‘Give him a drink,’ one of the officers said. The Warden 
     poured the drink The deputy handed it to the refugee, who 
      took the glass in both jerking hands and tiled to raise it to his 
      mouth They watched him for perhaps twenty seconds, then 
      the deputy took the glass from him and held it to his lips while 

               P^d, though even then a thin trickle ran from each 
      corner of his mouth, into the stubble on his chin 
            o ve picked him and’ - the deputy called the plump 

                                            58 



convict's name now - 'both up just before dark and come on 
in. But that other fellow is gone/ 
    ‘Yes/the Warden said. 'Well. Here I haven’t lost a prisoner 
m ten years, and now, like this - I’m sending you back to the 
 Farm tomorrow. Have his family notified, and his discharge 

papers filled out at once.’ 
   ‘All right/ the deputy said.  'Andlisten, chief. He wasn’t a 
bad fellow and maybe he never had no business in that boat. 
Only he did say he could paddle one Listen Suppose I write 
on his discharge. Drowned while trying to save hves in the 
great flood of mneteen twenty-seven, and send it down for the 
Governor to sign it  It will be something nice for his folks to 
have, to hang on the wall when neighbours come in or some- 
thing Maybe they will even give his folks a cash bonus be- 
cause after all they sent him to the Farm to raise cotton, not to 

                                        ’ 
fool around m a boat in a flood 
   'All right/ the Warden said.  ‘I’ll see about it.  The mam 
thing is to get his name off the books as dead before some 
politician tries to collect his food allowance.’ 
   'All right/ the deputy said He turned and herded his com- 
panions out. In the drizzling darkness again he said to the 
plump convict  ‘ Well, your partner beat you He’s free  He’s 
done served his time out but you’ve got a right far piece to go 

yet.’ 

   ‘Yah,’theplump convict said. ‘Free. He can have it/ 



                           WILD PALMS 

 On the second morning in the Chicago hotel Wilboutne 
 waked and found that Charlotte was dicssed and gone, hat, 
 coat, and handbag, leaving a note foi him m a big sprawling 
 untiained hand such as you associate at first glance with a man 
 until you realize an instant latei it  is  profoundly feminine: 
                                                                               She 
                                                          0 maybe later. 
 Back at noon. C., then, beneath the initial*               ; 
  returned before noon, he was asleep again; she sat on the side 
  of the bed, her hand in his halt, rolling his head on the pillow 
  to shake him awake, still in the open coat and the hat shoved 
  back fromher forehead, looking down at him with that sober 
  yellow profundity, and now he mused indeed on that efficiency 
  of women m the mechanics, the domiciling, of cohabitation. 
  Not thrift, not husbandly, something far beyond that, who 

   (the entire race of them) employed with infallible instinct, a 

   completely uncerebrated rapport for the type and nature of 
   male paitner and situation, eithei the cold penuriousness of 

   the fabled Vermont farm-wife 01 the fantastic extiavagance of 

   the Broadway tevue mistiess as required, absolutely without 
   regard for the intrinsic value of the medium which they saved 
    or squandered and with little mote regaid or grief for the 
   bauble which they bought 01 lacked, using both the presence 
    and absence of jewel or checking accounts as pawns in a chess 
    game whose pnze was not security at all but respectability 
    within the milieu in which they lived, even the love-nest 
    under the rose to follow a rule and a pattern, he thought. It’s 

    not the lomattce of illicit love which chaws them  not the passionate 

                                                             , 

     idea of two damned and doomed and isolatedfoiever against the wo? Id 

     and God and the i? revocable which diaws men; it’s because the idea 

     of illicit love is a challenge to them,  because they have an i? / esisfible 

     desne to an {and unshakeable belief that they can  as they all believe 

                                                              , 

     they can,   successfully conduct a boat ding-house) take the illicit love 
     and make it respectable       take Gotha? to 
                                 ,                   himself and trim the very 
      incorngible bachelors tntglefs  which  snated them into  the  seemly 
       cco? ism of Monday s hash and subui ban t? ains  c I’ve found it ’        she 

                                                                              5 
      said. 

                                            6o 

S-, 



    ‘Found what?’ 
    ‘An apartment A studio. Where I can work too.9 

    ‘Too?* She shook his head again with that savage obh- 
viousness, she actually hurt him a little;  he thought again: 
 7hen's apart ofher that doesn't love anybody, anything; and then, a 
profound and silent lightning-clap - a white glare ~ ratio- 
 cination, instinct, he did not know which: Why, she's alone. 
Not lonely, alone.  She had afather and thenfour brothers exactly like 
him and then she married a man exactly like the four brothers and so 

she piobably never even had a room ofher own in all her life andso she 
has lived all her life in complete solitude andshe doesn't even know it, 

as a child who has never tasted cake doesn't know what cake is. 

   ‘Yes, too. Do you think that twelve hundred dollars 'will 
last for ever? You live tn sin, you can’t live on it.’ 
   ‘I know it.    I thought of that before I told you over the 
phone that night I had twelve hundred dollars  But this is 
honeymoon; later will be 
   ‘I know that too.’ She grasped his hair again, hurting him 
again though now he knew she knew she was hurting him. 
‘Listen* it’s  got to be all honeymoon, always. For ever and 
ever, until one of us dies.  It can’t be anything else            Either 
heaven, or hell: no comfortable safe peaceful purgatory be- 
tween for you and me to wait in until good behaviour or for- 
bearance or shame or repentance overtakes us.’ 
   ‘ So it’s not me you believe in, put trust in; it’s love.’ She 

looked at him. ‘Notjust me; any man.’ 
   ‘Yes. It’s  love. They say love dies between two people. 
That’s wrong It doesn’t die  It just leaves you, goes away, if 
you are not good enough, worthy enough. It doesn’t die; 
you’re the one that dies. It’s like the ocean if you’re no good, 
if you begin to make a bad smell in it,  it just spews you up 
somewhere to die. You die anyway, but I had rather drown in 
the ocean than be urped up on to a strip of dead beach and be 
dried awayby the sun into a little foul smear with no name to 
h, just This Was for an epitaph. Get up I told die man we 

                          ’ 
would move in today 
   They left the hotel with their bags within die hour, by cab; 
they mounted three flights of staus  She even had the key; 
she opened the door for him to enter; he knew she v as looking 

                                   61 



not at the toom but at bm ‘Well?’ she said.  ‘Do you like 

    p 

   It was a big obiong room with a skylight m the north wall, 
possibly tlie handiwork of a dead or bankrupt photographer 
 or maybe a former sculptor or painter tenant, with two cubby- 
 holes for kitchen and bath She rented that skylight, he told him- 
 self quietly, thinking how as a rule women tent bathrooms 
 primarily. It’s only incidental that then ts a place to sleep and cook 

 food. She chose aplace not to hold us hut to hold love,         she did notjust 

 umfiom one man to another, she did not miely mean to swap one 
 piece ofclay she made a bust withfoi another - He moved now, and 
  then he thought: Maybe Tm not emhaeing hei hut clinging to her 
  because theie is something in me that won't admit it can't swim or 
  can't believe it can.  ‘It’s all right/ he said.  ‘It’s fine. Nothing 

                        5 

  can beat us now. 
     During the next six days he made the lounds of the hospi- 
   tals,  interviewing  (or being interviewed by) Residents and 
   Staff Heads. They were brief interviews. He was not particu- 
   lar what he did and he had something to offer - his degree 
   from a good medical school, his twenty months’ internship m 
   a hospital which was known, yet always after the first three 
    or four minutes, something began to happen. He knew what 
    it  was, though he told himself differently  (sitting after the 
    fifth interview, on a sunny bench in a paik among the bums 
    and W.P A. gardeners and nursemaids and children):  It's 

    because I  eally don't 
               t             tty hard enough don't i eally teah^e the needfor 
                                               , 

    tying because 1 have accepted completely bet  ideas about love; I look 

    upon love with the same boundlessfaith that it will clothe andfeed me 

     as the Mississippi or Louisiana countiyman converted last week at a 
                                                       , 

     camp-meeting tevival  looks upon lehgton, knowing that that was 
     not the reason, that it was the twenty months of internship 
     instead of twenty-four, thinking I have been confounded by num- 
     lcrs>  thinking how it is apparently more seemly to die in the 
      dulcet smell than to be saved by an apostate fiom convention. 
         At last he found a job  It was not much, it was laboratory 
      \\ ork in a charity hospital in the Negio tenement distnct, wheie 
      victims of alcohol or pistol- and knife-wounds weie biouHit 
      usually bv police, and his job was making routine tests for 
       srphuis. T ou don’t need a microscope or Wassermann paper/ 

                                            <$2, 



he told her that night. ‘All you need is enough light to tell 
what race they belong tod She had set two planks on trestles 
beneath the skylight which she called her work-bench and at 
which for some time now she had been puttering with a 
package ofplaster of pans from the ten-cent store, though he 
had paid little attention to what she was doing She now bent 
over this table with a scrap of paper and a pencil while he 
watched the blunt supple hand make the big sprawling rapid 

figures. 

   ‘Youwill make this much a month,’ she said  ‘Andit costs 
this much for us to live a month And we have this much to 
draw from to make up tire difference ’          The figures were cold, 

incontrovertible, the very pencil marks had a scornful and 
impregnable look; incidentally she now saw to it that he made 
not only the current weekly remittances to his sister but that 

he had also sent to her the equivalent sum of the lunches and 
the abortive hotel during the six weeks in New Orleans. Then 
she wrote down a date beside the last figure, it would be in 

                                                                          ’ 
early September. ‘ On that day we won’t have any money left 
   Then he repeated something he had thought while sitting 
on the park bench that day  ‘It will be all right I’ve just got 
to get used to love  I never tried it before, you see, I’m at 
least ten years behind myself. I’m still free-wheeling But' I’ll 

                              ’ 
get back into gear soon 
   ‘Yes,’ she said. Then she crumpled the paper and flipped it 
aside, turning  ‘Butthat’s not important That’s just whether 
it’s steak or hamburger And hunger’s not here                 She struck 
his belly with the flat of her hand. ‘That’s just your old guts 
growling. Hunger’s here.’ She touched his breast  ‘Don’tyou 

ever forget that.’ 

   ‘I won’t. Not now.’ 
    ‘Butyou may You’ve been hungry down here myour guts, 
so you are afraid of it  Because you are always a little afraid of 
what you have stood. If you had ever been in love before, you 
wouldn’t have been on that train that afternoon Would you?’ 

    ‘Yes,’ he said  ‘Yes Yes’ 
    ‘So it’s  more than just training your bram to remember 
hunger’s not m the belly. Your belly, your guts themselves, 
have got to believe it  Can yours believe it?’ 

                                    63 



   ‘Yes,’ he said. Only she’s not so sure of that lie told himself, 
because three days later when he returned fiom the hospital he 
found the work bench littered with twisted bits of wire and 
bottles of shellac and glue and wood fibre, a few tubes of 
paint and a pan m which a mass of tissue paper soaked in 
water, which two afternoons later had become a collection of 
 little figures - deer and wolfhounds and horses and men and 
 women, lean,  epicene,  sophisticated,  and bizarre,  with a 
 quality fantastic and perverse; the afternoon after that when 
 he returned she and the figures were gone. She came m an 
 hour later, her yellow eyes like a cat’s in the dark, not triumph 
 or exultation but rather fierce affirmation, and with a new ten- 

 dollar bill. 

    "He took them all/ she said, she named a leading depart- 
  mental store.  ‘Then he let me dress one of the windows. I 
  have an order for a hundred dollars more - historical figures 
  about Chicago, this  part  of the West. You know - Mrs 

  O’Leary with Nero’s face and the cowwith a ukelele, Kit Car- 
  son with legs like Nijinsky and no face, just two eyes and a 
  shelf of forehead to shade them with, buffalo cows with the 
  heads and flanks ofArabian mares And all the other stores on 
  Michigan Avenue. Here Take it.’ 
     He refused  ‘It’s yours. You earned it.5  She looked at him ~ 

   the unwinking yellow stare in which he seemed to blunder 
   and fumble like a moth, a rabbit caught m the glare of a 
   torch, an envelopment almost like a liquid, a chemical preci- 
   pitant, m which all the dross of small lying and sentimentality 
   dissolved away ‘I don’t 
       ‘Youdon’t like the idea of your woman helping to support 
    }ou, is that it'* Listen Don’t you like what we’ve not'1  ’ 
                                                            ° 
       ‘You know 1 do.’ 
       ‘Thenwhat does it matter what it cost us, what we pay for 
    iP or how^ You stole the money we’ve got now, wouldn’t 
    } ou do it again  Isn’t it worth it, even if it all busts tomorrow 
    and we have to spend the rest of our lives paying interest?’ 
              Oniy it’s  not going to bust tomorrow. Nor next 
          ,                  -’ 
    month Nor next year 
     f        ^^ i0ng aSi WG are WOrthy of keePmg of « Good 
     enough Strong enough. Worthy to be allowed to keep it. To 

                                     64 



 get what you want as decently as you can, then keep it  Keep 

    5 
 it. She came andput her arms around him, hard, striking her 
 body against him hard, not m caress but exactly as she would 
 grasp him by the hair to wake him up from sleep.  ‘That’s 
 what I’m going to do. Try to do. I like bitching, and making 
 things with my hands. I don’t think that’s too much to be per- 
 mitted to like, to want to have, and keep.’ 
    She earned that hundred dollars, working at night now, 
 after he was mbed and sometimes asleep; durmg the next five 
 weeks she earned twenty-eight dollars more, then she filled 
 an order amounting to fifty.  Then the orders stopped; she 
 could get no more. Nevertheless she continued to work, at 
 night altogether now, smce she was out with her samples, her 
 completed figures all day, and she worked usually with an 
 audience now, for now their apartment had become a sort of 
 evening club. It began with a newspaper man named McCord 
 who had worked on a New Orleans paper durmg the brief 
 time when Charlotte’s youngest brother (in a dilettante and 
 undergraduate heeler manner, Wilbourne gathered) had cub- 
 bed there. She met him on the street, he came to dinner one 
 evening and took them out to dinner one evening, three nights 
 later he appeared with three men and two women and four 
 bottles  of whisky at their apartment, and after  that Wil- 
 bourne never knew just whom he would find when he reached 
„ home, except that it  would not be Charlotte alone and, 
  regardless of who was there, idle, who even after the dearth 
  season of sales had extended into weeks and then a month and 
  summer was almost upon them, still worked in a cheap cover- 
  all already filthy as that of any house painter and a glass of 
  whisky-and-water among the twists of wire and pots of glue 
  andpaint andplaster which transformed steadily and endlessly 
  beneath the deft untiring hands into the effigies  elegant, 

  bizarre, fantastic, and perverse. 
     Then she made a final sale, a small one, and it was aone, 
  finished It stopped as abruptly and inexplicably as it had be- 
  gun The summer season was on now, they told her at the 
  stores, and the tourists and natives too were leaving town to 
  escape the heat  ‘Except that that s a he,  she said          It s t  e 
  saturation-point,’ she told him, told them all: it was at night, 

                                    65 



                                         ! 

she had returned late with the cardboard box containing the 
figures which had been refused, so the evening’s collection of 
callers had already arrived. 4 But I expected it.  Because these 

 are just fun.’ She had taken the effigies from the box and set 
 them up on the work-bench again. ‘Like something created 
 to live only in the pitch airless dark, like in a bank vault or 
 maybe a poison swamp, not m the rich normal nourishing air 
 breathed off of guts full of vegetables from Oak Park and 
 Evanston. And so that’s it and that’s all. And now I’m not an 
  artist any more and I’m tired and I’m hungry and I’m going 
  to curl up with one of our good books and one of our crusts. 
  So let each and all of you step up to the bench and choose him- 
  self or herself one souvenir and memento ofthis occasion, and - 

            ’ 
  beat it 
      ‘Wecanstill eat a crust,’ he told her. A.nd besides, she’s not 

   doneyet, he thought She hasn’t quityet. She never will thinking as 
                                                                      , 

   he had thought before that there was a part of her which 
   neither he nor Rittenmeyer had ever touched, which did not 
   even love love In less than a month he believed that he had 
   proof of this, he returned and found her at the bench again, m 
    a profound excitement which he had never seen before - an 
    excitement without exultation but with a grim and deadly 
    quality of irresistible driving as she told him about it.  It was 
    one of the men whom McCord had brought, a photographer. 
    She was to make puppets, manonettes, and he to photograph 
    them for magazine covers and advertisements; perhaps later 
    they would use the actual puppets m charades, tableaux - a 
     hired hall,  a rented stable,  something, anything                     ‘It’s my 

                                  c 
     money, she told him  The hundred and twenty-five dollars I 
     never could get you to take.’ 
        She worked with tense and concentrated fury. She would 
     be at the bench when he went to sleep, he would wake at two 
     and three o clock and find the fierce working light above it 
      still burning Now he would return (fromthe hospital at first, 
      then from the park bench where he spent his days after he lost 
      his job, leaving and returning home at the usual hours so she 
      would not suspect) and see the actual figures almost as large as 
      small children - a Quixote with a gaunt mad dreamy unco- 
      ordinated face, a Falstaff with the worn face of a syphilitic 

                                             66 



barber and gross with meat (a single figure, yet when he 
looked at it he seemed to see two; the man and the gross flesh 
like a huge bear and its fragile consumptive keeper; it seemed 
to him that he could actually watch the man struggling with 
the mountain of entrails as the keeper might wrestle with the 
bear, not to overcome it but to pass it, escape it, as you do with 
the atavistic beasts mnightmare), Roxane with spit curls and a 
wad of gum like the sheet music demonstrator in a ten-cent 
store, Cyrano with the face of a low-comedy jew in vaude- 
ville, the monstrous flare of whose nostrils ceased exactly on 
the instant of becoming molluscs, a piece of cheese m one 
hand and a cheque book in the other - accumulating about the 
 apartment, filling all available spaces of floor andwalls, fragile, 
perverse, and disturbing, v/ith incredible rapidity; begun con- 
tinued and completedm one sustained rush offurious industry 
- a space of time broken not into successive days and nights 
but a single interval interrupted only by eating and sleeping. 
   Then she finished the last one and now she would be gone 
 all day and half the night, he would return in the afternoon 
 and find a scrawled note on a scrap of paper or a margin tom 
from a newspaper or even the telephone book: Don’t wattfor 
 me. Go out and eat, which he would do and return and go to 
 bed and sometimes to sleep until she slid naked (she never 
 wore a sleeping garment, she told him she had never owned 
 one) into bed to wake him, rouse him to listen with a hard 
 wrestling movement, holding him in her hard arms while she 
 talked in a grim quiet rapid voice not about money or its lack, 
 not about the -details of the day’s progress with the photo- 
 graphing, but of their present life and situation as though it 
 were a complete whole without past or future m which them- 
 selves as individuals, the need for money, the figures she had 
 made, were component parts like the parts of a tableau or a 
 puzzle, none more important than another; lying still  and 
 relaxed m the darkness while she held him, not even bothering 
 to be aware whether his eyes were open or not, he seemed to 
 see their joint life as a fragile globe, a bubble, which she kept 
 balanced and intact above disaster like a trained seal does its 
 ball. She’s worse off than 1 am, he thought. She doesn’t even /snow 

 what it ts to hope. 

                                   67 



   Then the puppet business ended, ns abruptly and completely 
as the window dressing had He returned one c\ emng nno sns 
was at home, reading. The filthy overall in which she hid 
lived for weeks (it was August now) was gone and then he 
 saw that the work-bench was not onl\ clean of its former line, 
 of wire and paint, it had been drawn into the centre of the 
 room and had become a tabic covered with a strip of chintz 
 and stacked with the magazines and books which formerly 
 had rested upon the floor and m the unused chans and such, 
 and, most surprising of all, a bowl of flowers. ‘I’ve got some 

                                                                    ’ 
 things here/ she said. ‘We’ll eat at home for a change 
    She had chops and such, she prepared the meal in a curiously 
  frivolous apron new too like  the chintz on the table,  he 

  thought how failure, reacting upon her like on a man by in- 

                                                       had  et brought 
  vesting her with a sort of dignified humility,            \ 
  out in her a quality which he had never seen before, a quality 
  not only female but profoundly feminine They ate, then she 
  cleared the table. He offered to help but she refused. So he sat 
  with a book beside the lamp, he heard her m the kitchen for ?_ 
   time, then she emerged and entered the bedroom. He did not 
   hear her when she came out of the bedroom at all since her 
   bare feet made no sound on the floor, he }ust looked up to see 
   her standing beside him - the compactly simple rightness of 
   the body lines, the sober, intent, yellow stare. She took the 
   book from him and put it on the converted table. ‘ Get your 

   clothes off/ she said 

      But he did not tell her about the job for another two weeks. 
   His reason was no longer concern that the news might destroy 
    her accord with what she was concentrating on, since that was 
    no longer valid now, if it had ever been, and it was no longer 
    the possibility that he might find something else before she 
    would need to know, for that was not valid either now, since 
               \       and failed, nor was it the Micawber-like faith 
    o t  e inert mtomorrow, it was partly perhaps the knowledge 
    that late enough would be soon enough, but mostly (lie did 
     not try to fool himself) it was a profound faith in her. Not in 
                    Godf’on>t let her starve, he thought. She’s too valu- 
     able  He did too well with her Even the one who made evetythine must 
     fancy some of it enough to want to keep it.  So each day he would 

                                       68 



leave the apartment at the usual hour and sit on his bench m 
the park until time to go home. And once each day he would 
take out the wallet and produce the slip ofpaper on which he 
kept a record of the dwindling money, as if he expected each 
time to find that the amount had changed or that he had mis- 
read it the day before, finding each time that it had not and he 
had not - the neat figures, the Si 82.00 less §5.00 or Sio.oo, 
v ith the date of each subtraction; by the day it would be due 
there would not be enough to pay the quarter’s rent on the 
first day of September. And then sometimes he would take 
out the other paper, the pink cashier’s cheque with its per- 
forated legend Only Three Hundred Dollars. There would be 
 something almost ceremonial about it, like the formalprepara- 
tion by the addict of his opium-pipe, and then for the time he 
would as completely renounce reality as the opium-smoker 
himself while he invented a hundred ways to spend it shifting 
 the various components of the sum and their bought equiva- 
 lents here and there like a jigsaw puzzle, knowing that this 
 was a form of masturbation (thinking, because I am still, and 
probably will always be,  in the pnbet ty of money), that if it were 
 really possible to cash the cheque and use the money, he 

 would not even dare to toy with the idea. 
   Then he returned home one afternoon and found her at the 
work-bench again. It was still the table, still m the centre of 
 the room, she had merely turned back the chintz and shoved 
 the books and magazines to one end, and she wore the apron 
 and not the coverall and she was working now with a kind of 
 idle bemusement like someone passing time with a pack of 
 cards. The figure was not three inches tall - a little ancient 
 shapeless man with a foolish disorganized face, the face of a 
 harmless imbeede clown. c lt’s a Bad Smell,’ she said Then he 
 understood. ‘That’sall it is, just a had smell. Not a wolf at the 
 door Wolves are things. Keen and ruthless. Strong, even if 
 they are cowards. But this is just a bad smell because hunger 
 is not here    Again she struck his belly with the back of her 
 hand. ‘Hunger’s up there. It doesn’t look like this. It looks 
 like a skyrocket or a roman candle or at least one o  t  ose 
 sparkler sticks for little children that sparkle away into a live 
 red coal that’s not afraid to die. But this.’ She looked up at 

                                 69 



him. Then he knew it was coming. ‘Howmuch money have 

we got5 ’ 
                                                  ,                — , 
    ‘Ahundred and forty-eight dollars. But It s all light 1 
    ‘Oh, then you have paid next quarter’s rent already/ Then 
 it came, it was too late now. My tiouble is, cvcty time 1 Ull^ e>>hs 
 the t? nth or a he I seem to have to sell myself on the idea ft r/ ‘ Look 
 at me. You mean you haven’t been to the hospital m tvo 

           ’ 
 months 5 
    ‘It was the detective. You were busy then, that was the 
 month you forgot to write to New Orleans. I le wasn’t trying 
  to hur - get me fired. He just hadn’t heard from you and he 
  was worried. He was tr) mg to find out if you were all right. 
  It wasn’t him, it was the detective who spilled the v orks. So 
  they let me go. It was funny. I was fired from a job which 
  existed because of moral turpitude, on the grounds of moral 
  'turpitude. Only it  wasn’t actually that, of course  The job 
   just played out, as I knew in time it would 
      ‘Well,’ she said  ‘Andwe haven’t got a drink in the house. 
   You go down to the store and get a bottle while I - No, wait 
   We’ll go out and eat and drink, both. Besides, we’ll have to 
   find a dog 
      ‘A dog5 ’   From where he stood he could see her in the 

    kitchen take from the ice-box the two chops for supper and 
    wrap them again. 
       ‘But certainly, friend,’ she said.  ‘Get your hat.’ 
       It was evening, the hot August, the neon flashed and glared, 
    alternately corpse- and hell-glowing the faces m the street and 
    their own too as they walked, she still carrying the two chops 
    in the thick slick clammy butcher’s paper. Within the block 
     they met McCord. ‘We’ve lost our job,’ she told him. ‘So 
    we’re looking for a dog.’ 
       Presently it began to seem to Wilbourne that the invisible 
     dog was actually among them They were in a bar now, one 
     which they' frequented, meeting perhaps twice a week by 
     chance x or prearrangement the group which McCord bad 
     brought into their lives. There were four of these (‘We’velost 
      our job,  McCord told them. ‘And now we’re waiting for a 
      dog ) present now, the seven of them sitting about a table 
      se   or eight, an empty chair, an empty gap, the two chops 

                                       70 



unwrapped now and on a plate beside a glass of neat whisky 
among the highballs. Theyhad not eaten yet, twice Wilbourne 
leaned to her: ‘Hadn’twe better eat something? It’s all right, 

1 can 
   * Yes, it’s all right. It’s fine/ She was not speaking to him. 

 ‘We’vegot forty-eight dollars too much; think of that. Even 
the Armours haven’t got forty-eight dollars too much. Drink 
up, ye armourous sons. Keep up with the dog.’ 
   ‘Yah,’ McCord said.  ‘Set, ye armourous sons, in a sea of 
hemingwaves 
   The neon flashed and glared, the traffic lights blinked from 
green to red and back to green again above the squawking 
cabs andhearse-like limousines. They had not eaten yet though 
they had lost two members of the party, they were six in the 
cab, sitting on each other’s knees while Charlotte carried the 
chops (they had lost the paper now) and McCord held the 
invisible dog; it was named Moreover now, from the Bible, 
the poor man’s table.  ‘But listen,’ McCord said. ‘Just listen a 
minute. Doc and Gillespie and I own it.  Gillespie’s up there 
now, but he will have to be back in town by the first and it 

                                                                ’ 
will be empty. You could take your hundred bucks — 

   ‘You’re impractical,’ Charlotte said. ‘You’re talking about 
security. Have you no soul'5  — Howmuch money have we got 

now, Harry?’ 
   He looked at  the meter.          ‘A hundred and twenty-two 

dollars.’ 

   ‘But listen,’ McCord said. 
   ‘All right,’ she said.  ‘But now is no time to talk. You’ve 
made your bed; he in it. And pull the covers over your head. 
Theywere in Evanston now, they had stopped at a drug store 
and they had a flashlight now, the cab crawling along a sub- 
urban and opulent  kerb while  Charlotte,  leaning across 
McCord, played the flashlight upon the passing midnight 

lawns. ‘There’s one,’ she said. 

   ‘I don’t see it,’ McCord said. 
                                                       .    fence wit 
    ‘Lookat that fence. Did you ever hear ofan iron 
a wreath of pansies in each panel that didn’t have andiron           og 
inside of it? The house has got a mansard roof too. 
   ‘I don’t see any house,’ McCord said. 

                                   71 



   'I don’t either  But look at that fence/ 
   The cab stopped, they got out. The torch beam played on 

the iron fence with scrolled spear-tipped panels set in concrete, 

there was even a hitching post in the effigy of a Negro boy 
beside the small sciolled gate.  'You’re right,’ McCord said. 
 'There’ll be one here.’ They did not use the light now, but 
 even m the faint starlight they could see it plainly - the cast- 
 iron Saint Bernard with its  composite face of the emperor 
 Franz Josef and a Maine banker in the year 1859. Charlotte 
 placed the chops upon the iron pediment, between the iron 
 feet; they returned to the cab.  ‘Listen,’ McCord said              'It’s 
 completely equipped - three rooms and kitchen, bedding, 
 cooking things, plenty of wood for the chopping; you can 
 even bathe if you want to. And all the other cottages will be 
  empty after the first of September and nobody to bother you 
  and right on die lake, you can have fish for a while  et, and 
                                                                } 

  with your hundred dollars in grub and the cold won’t come 
  until October, maybe not until November, you could stay 
  up there until Christmas or even longer than that if you don’t 
  mind the cold 
     McCord drove them up to die lake on the Saturday night 
  before Labour Day, the hundred dollars’ worth of food — the 
   tins, the beans and rice and coffee and salt and sugar and flour 
  — in the rumble Wilbourne contemplated the equivalent of 
   their last dollar with a certain sobriety. ‘Youdon’t realize how 
   flexible money is until you exchange it for something,’ he said. 
    Maybe this is what the economists mean by a normal dimin- 

                   ’ 
   ishing return 

       You don t mean flexible,’ McCord said.  'Youmean vola- 
   tile.  That s what Congress means by a fluid currency  If it 
    rams on us before we get this stuff under a roof, you’ll see. 
    Those beans and rice and truck will boil us clean out of the 
    car like three matches m a pail of home brew ’           They had a 
    botde of whisky and McCord and Wilbourne took turns driv- 
    ing while Charlotte slept  They reached the cottage just after 
    dawn - a hundred odd acres of water surrounded by second 
     growth spruce, four clearings with a cabin m each (fromthe 
     chimney of one of them smoke stood                'That’s Bradley,’ 
      IcCord said ' I thought he’d be out by now’) and a shortpier 

                                      72 



                                                                             t 

into the water. There was a narrow finger ofbeach with a buck 
standing on it, pink in the Sunday dawn, its head up, watching 
them for an instant before it whirled, its white scut arcing in 
long bounds while Charlotte, springing from the car, her face 

                                                                      c 

swollen with sleep, ran to the water’s edge, squealing.  That’s 
what I was trying to make!’ she cried.  ‘Not the animals, the 
dogs and deer and horses* the motion, the speed.’ 
    ‘Sure,’ McCord said. ‘Let’s eat.’ They unloaded the car and 

carried the things in and started a fire in the stove, then while 

Charlotte cooked breakfast Wilbourne and McCord carried 
the bottle down to the water and squatted. They drank from 
the bottle, saluting one another  Then there was one drink 
left. ‘ Charlotte’s,’ McCord said. ‘ She can drmk to the Wagon, 

 the long drouth.’ 
    ‘I’m happy now,’ Wilbourne said  ‘I know exactly where 
I am going. It’s perfectly straight, betv/een two rows of cans 
 and sacks, fifty dollars’ worth to a side. Not street, that’s 
houses and people. This is  a solitude  Then the water, the 
 solitude wavering slow while you he and look up at it 
 Squatting and still holding the almost empty bottle he put his 
 other hand into the water, the still, dawn-breathing liquidwith 
 the temperature of the synthetic ice-water in hotel rooms, the 
 ripples fanning slowly from his wrist McCord stared at him, 
 ‘Andthen fall will come, the first cold, the first red and yellow 
 leaves drifting down, the double leaves, the reflection rising 
 to meet the falling one until they touch and rock a little, not 
 quite closing And then you could open your eyes for a minute 
 if youwanted to, remembered to, and watch the shadow ofthe 

                                                    ’ 

 rocking leaves on the breast beside you 
    ‘For sweet Jesus Schopenhauer,’ McCord said                   What the 
 bloody hell kind of ninth-rate Teasdale is this ^You haven 
 near done your share of starving yet You haven t near serve 
 your apprenticeship  to  destitution            If you’re not care™ » 
 you’ll talk that stuff to some guy who will believe it and 11 
 hand you the pistol and see you use it              Stop thinking a out 

 yourself and think about Charlotte for a while                         _ 
     ‘ That’s who I’m talkmg about But I wouldn’t use the pistol, 
  anyway Because I started this too late  I still believe m 0v,e 
  Then he told McCord about the cashier’s cheque.  It I didn 

                                      73 



                                               / 

believe m it, I’d give you the cheque and send her back with 

you tonight/ 
    ‘Andif you believed in it as much as you say you do, you 

                                                             5 
 would have tom that cheque up a long time ago. 
    c If I tore it  up, nobody would ever get the money. He 

 couldn’t even get it back from the bank/ 
     ‘Damnhim. You don’t owe him anything. Didn’t you take 
 his wife off his hands for him? Yah, you’re a hell of a guy. 
 You haven’t even got the courage of your fornications have 

                                                         ’ 
  you?’  McCoid rose  ‘Comeon I smell coffee 
    Wilbourne didn’t move, bus  hand still  in the water.                  I 
  haven’t hurt her/ Then he said,            ‘Yes I have.  If I hadnt 
                                      -’ 
  marked her by now, I would 
      ‘mat?’ 

                              ’ 
      ‘Refuse to believe it 
     For a full minute McCord stood looking down at the other 
   as he squatted, the bottle in one hand and the other wrist- 
   deep in the water ‘ Hell1’ he said Then Charlotte called them 

   from the dooi Wilbourne rose 
      ‘I wouldn’t use the pistol/ he said  ‘I’ll still take this/ 
      Charlotte did not take the drink. Instead she set the bottle 

    on the mantel. ‘Toremind us of our lost civilization when out 
    hair begins to spread,’ she said. They ate. There were two 
    iron cots in each of the two bedrooms, two more on the 
    screened porch While Wilbourne washed the dishes Char- 
    lotte and McCord made up the cots on the porch with bedding 
    from the locker; when Wilbourne came out McCord already 
    lay on one cot, his shoes off, smoking ‘Goon/ he said  ‘Take 
     it. Charlotte says she don’t want to sleep any more ’        She came 
     out at that moment, carrying a pad of paper, a tin cup, a new 

     japanned colour-box. 

         We had a dollar and a half left over, even aftei         r  bought 
                                                                w e 
     the whisky/ she said.  ‘Maybe that deer will come back ’ 
         ‘Take some salt to put on his tail/ McCord said.  ‘Maybe 
     he will stand still and pose for you 
         ‘I don’t want him to pose That’s )ust what I don’t want I 
      don t want to copy a deer Anybody can do that ’  Shewent on, 
      the screen door slapped behind her Wilbourne did not look 
      after her. He lay smoking too, his hands beneath his head. 

                                        74 



     Listen/ McCord said. c  You've got a lot of food, there's 
 plenty ofwood here and cover when it turns cold, and when 
  things begin to open up m townmaybe I can sell some of that 
 junk she made, get orders 
     I'm not worrying. I told you I am happy. Nothing can 
  take what I have already had away from me.5 

     Now, ain't that )ust sweet Listen Why don't you give me 
 that damn cheque and send her back with me and you can eat 
 through your hundred bucks and then move into the woods 
 and eat ants and play Saint Anthony in a tree and on Christmas 
 you can take a mussel shell and make yourself a present of 
 your own oysters. I'm going to sleep.’ He turned over and 
 seemed to go to sleep at once, and soon Wilbourne slept too. 
 Hewaked once and knew by the sun that it was past noon and 
 that she was not in the house But he was not concerned; lying 
 awake for a moment it was not the twenty-seven barren years 
 he looked at, and she would not be far, the path straight and 
 empty and quiet between the two fifty-dollar rows of cans 
 and sacks, she would wait for him Ifthat is to be, she mil wait, 
 he thought Ifwe are to he so, it will be together in the wavering 
 solitude in spite of Mac and his ninth-rate Teasdale who seems to 
 remember a hell of a lot of what people read, beneath the red and 
yellow drift of the waning year  the myriad kissing of the repeated 
                                  , 

 leaves. 

   The sun was just above the trees when she returned  The 
 top sheet of the pad was still blank, though the pamts hadbeen 
 used  ‘Werethey that bad         McCord said He was busy at the 
 stove with beans and rice and dried apricots - one of those 
 secret cooking or eatmg specialities such as every bachelor 
 seems to have and which some camactually produce though, 
 you would have said at first glance, not McCord 
    ‘Maybe a little bird told her what you were doing with 
 fifty cents' worth of our grub, so she had to run,5  Wilbourne 

 said. The concoction was ready at last  It was not so bad, 
Wilbourne admitted * Only I don’t know whether it actually 
 is not foul, or if it’s something protective - that what I taste 
 is not this at all but the forty or fifty cents it represents, ifmay- 
be I don't have a gland for cowardice mmy palate or stomach 
 too.’ He and Charlotte washed the dishes, McCord went out 

                                   75 



and returnedwith an armful ofwood and laid a fire. ‘ Wewon't 

need that tonight/ Wilbourne said. 
   ‘It won’t cost you anything but the wood/ McCord said 
 ‘Andyou’ve got from here to the Canadian line to get more 
 from You can run all Northern Wisconsin up this chimney if 
 you want to.’ Then they sat before the fire, smoking and not 
 talking a great deal, until time for McCord to leave, tie would 
 not stay, holiday tomorrow or not Wilbourne went out to the 
 car with him and he got into it, looking back at Charlotte in 
 silhouette against the fire, in the door. ‘Yah/ he said            You 
 don’t need to worry, no more than an old lady being led across 
  the street by a policeman or an eagle scout Because when the 
  damned bloody wild drunken car comes along it won’t be the 
  old lady, it will be the cop or the scout it busts the liell out of. 

                    ’ 
  Watch yourself 
     ‘WatchmyselP 
     ‘Yah You can’t be even afraid all the time without taking 
  somepains.’ 
     Wilbourne returned to the house It was late, yet she had 
   not begun to undress, again he mused, not on the adaptability 
   of women to circumstance but on the ability of women to 
   adapt the illicit, even the criminal, to a bourgeois standard of 
   respectability as he watched her, barefoot, moving about the 
   loom, making those subtle alterations in the fixtures of this 
   temporary abode as they even do m hotel rooms lented for 
   but one mght, producing from one of the boxes, which he had 
   believed to contain only food, objects from their apartment m 
    Chicago which he not only did not know she still had but had 
    forgotten they ever owned — the books they had acquired, a 
    copper bowl, even the chintz cover from the ex-work bench, 
    then from a cigarette carton which she had converted into a 
    small receptacle resembling a coffin, the tiny figure of the old 
    man, the Bad Smell, he watched her set it on the mantel and 
     stand looking at it for a time, musing too, then take up the 
    bottle with the drink they had saved her and, with the ritualis- 
     tic  sobriety of a child playing, pour the whisky on to the 
     heardu  The ares and penates/ she said  ‘I don’t knowLatin, 
     but They will know what I mean ’ 
        They slept in the two cots on the porch, then, it turning 

                                      76 



cold just before dawn, in one cot, her bare feet fast on the 
boards, the hard plunge of elbow and hip waking him as she 
came into the blankets smelling of bacon and balsam. There 
was a grey light on the lake and when he heard the loon he 
knew exactly what it was, he even knew what it would look 
like, listening to the raucous idiot voice, thinking how man 

alone of all creapires deliberately atrophies his natural senses 

and that only at the expense of others; how the four-legged 
animal gams all its information through smelling and seemg 
and hearing and distrusts all else while the two-legged one 

believes only what it reads. 
   The fire felt good the next morning. While she washed the 
breakfast dishes he cut more wood for it behind the cabin, 
 removing his sweater now, the sun definitely impacting now 
though he was not fooled, thinking how in these latitudes 
 Labour Day and not equinox marked the suspiration of sum- 
mer, the long sigh towards autumn and the cold, when she 
 called him from the house He entered, in the middle.of the 
 room stood a stranger carrying, balanced on his shoulder, a 
 large cardboard box, a man no older than himself, barefoot, in 
 faded khaki slacks and a sleeveless singlet, sunbrowned, with 
 blue eyes and pale sunburned lashes and symmetrical ridges of 
 straw-coloured hair — the perfect reflexive coiffure — who was 
 looking quietly at the effigy on the mantel. Through the open 
                                                                        — 
 door behind him Wilbourne saw a beached canoe                  This is 

                                                              ? 
 Charlotte said  ‘Whatdid you say your name was 
    ‘Bradley/ the stranger said. He looked at Wilbourne, his 
 eyes almost white against his  skm like a kodak negative, 
 balancing the box on his shoulder while he extended the other 

 hand. 
                                                                         , 
    ‘Wilbourne/ Charlotte said  ‘Bradley’s the neighbour. He s 

                                                                  ’ 
 leaving todav. He brought us what grub they had left 
    ‘Nouse lugging it out again,’ Bradley said. ‘ Your wife tells 
 me you folks are going to stay on a while, so I thoug t                 c 
 gave Wilbourne a brief hard violent bone-crushmg meaning- 
 less grip - thebroker’s front man two years out of an Jzastcm 

 college. 
     ‘That’s decent of you We’ll be glad to have it.  Here Ic* 
 me      But the other had already swung the bo;: to tnc floor, n 

                                     77 



                          1 

was well filled.  Charlotte and Wilbourne caiefully did not 
look at it.  ‘Thanks a lot. The more we have in the house, the 

harder it will be for the wolf to get in.’ 
   ‘ Or to crowd us out when he does/ Charlotte said Bradley 
 looked at her. He laughed, that is with his teeth. His eyes did 

 not laugh, the assured predatory eyes of the still  successful 

 prom leader. 
    ‘Notbad/ he said, ‘Do you 
     ‘Thanks/ Charlotte said. ‘Will you have some coffee?’ 
     ‘Thanks, I’ve had breakfast. We were up at dawn. Must be 
 back in town tonight.’ Now he looked at the effigy on the 
 mantel again.  ‘May IP’ he said. He approached the mantel. 
  ‘DoI know him? I seem-’ 
     ‘I hope not/ Charlotte said. Bradley looked at her. 
     ‘Wehope not yet, she means/ Wilbourne said. But Bradley 
  continued to watch Charlotte, the pale brows courteously 
  interrogatory above the piedatory eyes which did not smile 
  when the mouth did. 
      ‘It’s the Bad Smell/ Charlotte said. 
      ‘Oh.  see.’ 
            I       He looked at the effigy. ‘Youmade it. I saw you 
   sketching yestetday. Across the lake.’ 
      ‘I know you did.’ 
      ‘Touch/ he said.  ‘Can I apologize? I wasn’t spying.’ 
      ‘Iwasn’t hiding.’ Bradley looked at her and nowWilbourne 
    for the fiist time saw the eyebrows and mouth maccord, quiz- 
    zical, sardonic, ruthless, the whole man emanating a sort of 
    crass and insolent confidence. 
       ‘Sure?’ he said. 
        Sufficiently,  Charlotte said. She moved to the mantel and 
    took the effigy from it     ‘It’s too bad you are leaving before we 
    can return your call upon your wife. But perhaps you will 
     accept this as a memento of your perspicuity.’ 
        ‘No; really, I -5 
        ‘ 1 ake it/ Charlotte said pleasantly. ‘Youmust need it much 

                           ’ 
     worse than we do 
        ‘Well, thanks.’ He took the effigy.  ‘Thanks. Wve got to 
                “ t0 '™ 
                                 1 
                                 * 
     ®*                    '““S      But maybe we could look in on the 
         J 
     way out. Mrs Bradley would 
         ‘Do/ Chailotte said. 

                                         78 



    ‘Thanks/ he said. He turned towards the door. ‘ Thanks 

again/ 

    ‘Thanks again too/ Charlotte said.  He went out, Wil- 
boume watched him shove the canoe off and step into it. Then 
Wilbourne went and stooped over the box. 

                                           5 
    ‘Whatare you going to do ?               Chailotte said 

                                                                                    5 
    Tmgoing to carry it back and throw it m his front door. 
    ‘Oh,you bloody ass 5  she said She came to him. ‘Standup. 

                               , 
     5                                                      5 
We re going to eat it.  Stand up like a man  He rose, she put 
 her hard aims around him, wrestling him against her with 
 restrained savage impatience  ‘Why don’t you grow up, you 
 damned home-wrecking boy scout? Don’t you know yet that 

                                                                              5 
 we just don’t look mairied, thank God, even to brutes ?                        She 
 held him hard against her, leaning back, her hips against him 
 and moving faintly while she stared at him, the yellow stare, 
 inscrutable and derisive and with that quality which he had 
 come to recognize — that ruthless  and almost unbearable 
 honesty. ‘Like a man, I said/ holding him hard and derisive 
 against her moving hips though that was not necessary  She 
 don’t need to touch me, he thought Nor the sound of her voice even 
 nor the smell, a slipper mil do it, one of those fragile instigations to 
 venery discarded on the floor           ‘Come on. That’s right             That’s 
 better  That’s fine now.’ She freed one hand and began to 
 unfasten his shirt         ‘Only this is  supposed to be bad luck or 

                                                                   ’ 
 something in the forenoon, isn’t it ? Or isn’t it ? 

     ‘Yes/ he said. ‘Yes.’ She began to unfasten his belt 

                                                                         ? 
     ‘Or is this just the way you assuage insults to me Or are 
 you going to bed with me just because somebody happened 

                                           ’ 
 to remind you I was a woman5 

                                ’ 
     ‘Yes/ he said  ‘Yes 
    Later m the forenoon they heard Bradley’s car depart. Face 
 down and half lying across him (she had been asleep, her 
 weight heavy and relaxed, her head beneath his  chin, her 
 breath slow and full) she raised up, one elbow in his stomach 
 and the blanket slipping away from her shoulders, while the 
  sound of the car died away. ‘Well, Adam/ she said. But they 

 had always been alone, he told her 
     ‘Ever since that first night. That picture We couldn t be 
 any more alone, no matter who went away 

                                         79 



  ‘I know it. I mean, I can go swimming now.’ She slid out 
from beneath the blanket. He watched her, the grave simple 
body a ktde broader, a litde solider than the Hollywood-cod- 
liver-oil advertisements, the bare feet paddling across the 

rough boards, towards the screen door. 
   ‘There are bathing-suits in the locker,’ he said. She didn’t 
 answer. The screen door slapped. Then he could not see her 
 any more, or he would have had to raise his head. 
   She swam each morning, the three bathing suits still undis- 
 turbed m the locker. He would rise from breakfast and return 
 to the porch and lie on the cot and hear presently her bare feet 
 cross the room and then the porch, perhaps he would watch 
 the steadily and smoothly browmng body cross the porch. 
 Then he would sleep again (this scarcely an hour after he had 
 waked from slumber, a habit which he formed within the first 
 six days) to wake later and look out and see her lying on the 
 pier on stomach or back, her arms folded across or beneath 
  her face, sometimes he would still be there, not sleeping now 
  and not even thinking but merely existing in a drowsy and 
  foetus-like state, passive and almost unsentient in the womb 
  of solitude and peace, when she returned, moving then only 
  enough to touch his lips to the sun-impacted flank as she 
  stopped beside the cot, tasting the impacted sun. Then one 
  day something happened to him 
     September had gone, the mghts and mornings were defin- 
   itely  chilly;  she had changed her swim from after break- 
   fast to after lunch and they were talking about when they 
   would have to move the bedding in from the porch to the 
   room with the fireplace  But the days themselves were un- 
   changed - the same stationary recapitulation ofgolden interval 
   between dawn and sunset, the long quiet identical days, the 
   immaculate monotonous hierarchy of noons filled with the 
    sun s hot honey, through which the waning year drifted in 
    red-and-yellow retrograde of hardwood leaves, souiceless and 
    going nowhere Each day she departed directly after her swim 
    and sunbath, with the pad and colour box, leaving him to 
    move about the house empty yet at the same time thunderous 
    vi     e hard impact of her presence — the few garments she 
    owned, the whisper of her bare feet on the boards - while he 

                                 80 



believed that hewas worrying, not about the inevitable day on 
which their food would run out, but at the fact that he did not 
 seem to worry about it: a carious state which he had experi- 
 enced once before when his sister’s husband had taken him to 
 task one summer because he refused to exercise his vote. He 
 remembered the exasperation just about to become rage m 
 which he had tried to present his reasons to his brother-in-law, 
 realizing at last that he was talking faster and faster not to con 
 vince the brother-in-law but to justify his own rage as m a 
 mild nightmare he might be graspmg for his falling trousers; 
 that it was not even to the brother-m-law he was talking but to 

 himself.                                                                 , 
                                                       .   ,     ^ 
    It became an obsession with him, he realized quite ca                  y 
  that he had become secretly quietly and decently a little ma 
  he now thought constantly of the diminishing rows of cans 
  and sacks against which he was matching in inverse ra 
  accumulating days, yet he would not go to the closet and look 

  at them, count them Hewould tell himself f"f“£ 
  he would have to steal away to a park bench and ^ke out 
  wallet and produce the scrap of paper and s^tract numbers 
  from,one another, while now, all he would We todo would 

                                of cans on a s  e 
  be to glance at the row                            ,    ,         nim 
                     exactly how many days morei             J 

                                                              _ 
   cans and know 
                                                                     “ 
   left, he could take a pencil and mark the               cms, he °ouM 
   days and he would not even have to count  - 
  "  glance  at  the shelf and iread  the position              «£, «£ 

   od a thermometer  But he woul 

   Cl 
      He knew that during these 
                                                                      ^ 
   against it sometimes, believing                               save for a 
                                                     the cans, 
   ness, for in the  that they di        fot even matter, were as com- 
    tragic conviction                              never existed, and he 
    pletely out of his mind as if          groundings with a sense of 
   would look about at his fa “howlng that he was worrying 
    profound despair, note7                      d not even know it,  he 
                                          h  df 
    now, worrying so terribly                    affla2ement at the sun- 
                                           ^ 
    looked about with a  kind                    walked temporarily yet 
    filled sohtude out of v*ic               wQuld presently return and 
    still remamed m and to v/hic 
                                        Qt 

                                                                c 



re-enter her aura which had remained behind exactly as she 
might re-enter a garment and find him stretched on the cot, 
not sleeping now and not even reading, who had lost that 
habit along with the habit of sleep, and said quietly to him- 
self.  I am bored.  I am bored to extinction.  There is nothing here 
 that I am needed for  Not even by her  I have already cut enough 
 wood to  last until Christmas and there  is nothing else for me to 

 do 
   One day he asked her to divide the colours and pad with 
 him She did so and found that he was colour blind and didn’t 
 even know it    Then each day he would he on his back m a 
 small sunny clearing he had found, surrounded by the fierce 
 astringent smell of balsam, smoking the cheap pipe (the one 
 provision he had made before leaving Chicago against the day 
  they would exhaust food and money both), his half of the 
  sketch pad and his converted sardine can colour-box intact 
  and pristine beside him Then one day he decided to make a 
  calendar, a notion innocently conceived not by mind, out of a 
  desire for a calendar, but from the sheer boredom ofmuscles, 
  and put into effect with the pure quiet sensory pleasure of a 
  man carving a basket from a peach stone or the Lord’s Prayer 
  on a pmhead, he drew it neatly off on the sketch pad, number- 
  ing in the days, planning to use various appropriate colours 
   for Sundays and the holidays  He discovered at once that he 
   had lost count of the days, but this only added to the anticipa- 
   tion, prolonging the work, making more involved the plea- 
   sure, the peach basket to be a double one, the prayer to be m 
   code  So he went back to that first morning when he and 
   McCord squatted beside the water, whose name and number 
   he knew, then he counted forward by reconstructing from 
   memory the drowsing demarcations between one dawn and 
   the next, unravelling one by one out of the wine-sharp and 
   honey-still warp of tideless  solitude the lost Tuesdays and 
    Fridays and Sundays, when it suddenly occurred to him that 
    he could prove his figures, establish mathematical truth out 
    of the sunny and timeless void into which the individual days 
    had vanished by the dates of and intervals between Charlotte’s 
    periods, he felt as some old crook-propped contemplator on 
    the ancient sheep-drifted Syrian hills  must ‘have felt  after 

                                    82 



 stumbling by accident on some Alexandrian formula which 
 proved the starry truths which he had watched nightly all his 
 life and knew to be true but not how nor why. 
   That was when the thing happened to him. He sat looking 
 at what he had made in a gleeful and amazed amusement at 
 his own cunning in contriving for God, for Nature the un- 
 mathematical, the over-fecund, the prime disorderly andillogi- 
 cal and patternless  spendthrift, to prove his mathematical 
 problem for him, v/hen he discovered that he had given six 
 weeks to the month of October and that the day m which he 
 now stood was November twelfth. It seemed to him that he 
 could see the actual numeral, incontrovertible and solitary, in 
 the,anonymous identical hierarchy of the lost days; he seemed 
 to see the row of cans on the shelf a half mile away, the dyn- 
 amic torpedo-kke solid shapes which up to now had merely 
 dropped one by one, silently and without weight, into that 
 stagnant time which did not advance and which would some- 
 how find for its two victims food as it found them breath, now 
 in reverse to time, time now the mover, advancmg slow and 
 irresistible, blotting the cans one by one in steady progression 
 as a moving cloud shadow blots.  Yes, he thought. It s the 
 Indian summer that did it. I have been seduced to an imbecile spara- 
 dise by an old whore, I have been throttled and sapped ofstrength and 

 volition by the old weary Tihth of theyear. 
   He burned the calendar and went back to the cabin. She 
 had not returned yet. He went to the closet and counted the 
 cans. It was two hours to sunset yet, when he looked out 
 towards the lake he saw that there was no sun and that a 
 mass of cloud like dirty cotton had crossed from east to north 
 and west and that the feel and taste ofthe air too had changed. 
 Yes, he thought. The old bitch. She betrayed me and now she doesn’t 
 need to pretend  At last he saw her approaching, circling the 
 lake, in a pair ofhis trousers and an old sweater they bad foun 
 m the locker with the blankets. He went to meet her.  ‘Good 
 Lord,’ she said. e I never saw you look so happy Have you 
 painted a picture or have you discovered at last  that the 
 human race really doesn’t have to even try to produce art 
 He was moving faster than he knew, v/hen he put              s arms 
-around her he jolted her to a stop by physical contact  *  r,icf 

                                  83 



back, she looked at him with actual and not simulated aston- 

ishment now. 
    ‘Yes/ he said. ‘ How’s for a spot of necking. 
    ‘Why. certainly, friend/ she said immediately. Then she 
 thrust herself back again to look at him. What s this? What s 

 going on here?’ 
     ‘Will you be afraid to stay here alone tonight?’ Now she 

 began to free herself 
     ‘Letme go. I can't see you good.’ He released her, though 
  he did manage to meet the unwinking yellow stare which he 

                                                            5 

  had never yet been able to he to.  ‘Tonight? 

                                                  5 
     ‘This is the twelfth of November. 
     ‘All right. Then what?5  She looked at him. ‘Comeon. Let’s 

                                                              5 
  go to the house and get to the bottom of this                 They returned 
  to the house, again she paused and faced him. ‘Nowlet’s have 

  it’ 

      ‘I just counted the cans Measured the                 She stared at him 
   with that hard, almost grim impersonality.  ‘We can eat for 

                             ’ 
   about six days more 
      ‘All right  Then what?’ 
      ‘It was the mild weather  Like time had stopped and us 
   with it, like two chips on a pond So I didn’t think to worry, 
   to watch So I’m going to walk to the village. It’s only twelve 
   miles. I could be back by noon                         5 
                                            tomorrow. She stared at him. 
    ‘A letter. From Mac. It will be there.’ 
       ‘Did you dream it would be there, or did you find it out in 
    the coffee pot when you were measuring the grub?’ 
       ‘It will be there.’ 
       ‘All right  But wait till tomorrow to go. You can’t walk 
    twelve miles before dark.5          They ate and went to bed. This 

    time she came straight and got into the cot with him, as heed- 
     less of the hard and painful elbow which jabbed him as she 
     would have been on her own account if the positions had 
     been reversed, as she was of the painful hand which grasped 
     his hair and shook his head with savage impatience. ‘MyGod, 
     1 never m my life saw anybody try as hard to be a husband as 
     >ou do Listen to me, you lug If it was just a successfhl hus- 
     band and food and a bed I wanted, why the hell do you think 
      1 am nere instead of back there where I had them?5 

                                                ' 
                                           S4 



   ‘You’ve got to sleep and eat.’ 
   ‘Certainly we have. So why worry about it? That’s like 
worrying about having to bathe just because the water in the 
bathroom is about to be cut off.’ Then she rose, got out of the 
cot with the same abrupt violence; he watched her cross to 
the door and open it and look out. He could smell the snow 

before she spoke. ‘It’s snowing.’ 

    ‘I know it. I knew it this afternoon, she realized the game 
was up.’ 
   ‘ She?’ She closed the door. This time she went to the other 
cot and got mto it.        ‘Try to get to sleep. It’ll be a hard walk 
tomorrow, if it snows much.’ 

                                   ’ 
    ‘It will be there though 
    ‘Yes,’ she said. She yawned, her back to him. ‘It’s probably 
been there a week or two.’ 
   He left  the cabin shortly after  daylight.  The snow had 
 ceased and it was quite cold  He reached the village in four 
hours and found the letter  from McCord. It  contained a 
 cheque for twenty-five dollars; he had sold one ofthe puppets, 
 and he had the promise of a job for Charlotte m a department 
 store during the holiday season. It was well after dark when 
 he reached home. 
    ‘Youcan put it all in the pot,’ he said. ‘We’vegot twenty- 
 five dollars  And Mac’s got a job for you. He’s driving up 

 Saturday night.’ 

    ‘Saturday night?’ 
    ‘I wired him, I waited for an answer. That’s why I’m late.’ 
 They ate and this time she got quiedy into the narrow cot with 
him and this time she even crept close to him who had never 
before known her to do such at any time, to anything 
    ‘I’ll be sorry to leave here.’ 
    ‘Will you?’ he said quietly, peacefully, lying on his back, 
his arms crossed on his chest like a stone effigy on a tenth- 
century sepulchre  ‘You’llprobably be glad to get back, once 
you are there though. People to see again, McCord and the 
others you liked, Christmas and all that  You can get your 

                                                         ’ 
hair clean again and your nails mamcured —  This time she 
did not move, whose habit it was to assault him with that cold 
and disregardful savageness, shaking and jerking at him not 

                                     8 
                                       5 



only for conversation but even for mere emphasis. This time 
she lay perfectly still, not even breathing, her voice filled not 

with a suspiration but sheer amazed incredulity 
   < You’ll probably. You are.  You can. Harry, what do you 

        * 

H1C2T1? 
    ‘That I wired Mac to come and get you. You’ll have your 
 job,  that will  keep you until after  Christmas all  right.  I 
 thought I’d just keep half the twenty-five dollars and stay on 
 here. Maybe Mac can find something for me too, if nothing 
 else, maybe a W.P A job of some sort. Then I’d come on back 
 to town and then we could 
     ‘No!’ she cried.  ‘Nol No! Jesus God, no! Hold me. Hold 
 me hard, Harry! This is what it’s for, what it all was for, what 
  we were paying for: so we could be together, sleep together 
  every night* not just to eat and evacuate and sleep warm so 
  we can get up and eat and evacuate m order to sleep warm 

                                                ’ 
  again! Hold me1     Hold me hard! Hard!  He held her, his arms 
  rigid, his face still turned upwards, his bps lifted away from 

  his rigid teeth. 

     God, he thought God help her  God help her. 
     They left  snow at the lake, though before they reached 
   Chicago they had overtaken the end of the south-moving 
   Indian summer for a little while. But it did not last and now it 
   was wmter m Chicago too, the Canadian wind made ice in the 
   Lake and blew in the stone canyons holly-burgeoned with 
   the imminent Christmas, crisping and frosting the faces of 
   policemen and clerks and pan-handlers and Red Cross and 
   Salvation Army people costumed as Santa Claus, the defunc- 
   tive days dying m neon upon the fur-framed petal faces of the 
    wives and daughters of cattle and timber millionaires and the 
    paramours of politicians returned from Europe and the dude                  i 
    ranches to spend the holidays in the air-carved and opulent 
    tenements above the iron lake and the rich sprawling city 
    before departing for Florida, and of the sons of London 
    brokers and Midland shoe-peg knights and South African 
    senators come to look at Chicago because they had read Whit- 
    man and Masters and Sandburg in Oxford or Cambridge - 
     members of that race which without tact for exploration and 
     armed with note-books and cameras and sponge bags elects 

                                       86 



to pass the season of Christian holiday m the dark and bitten 

jungles of savages. 
   Charlotte’s job was in a store which had been one of her 
first customers for the first figurines she had made It included 
window- and showcase-dressing, so that her day sometimes 
began when the store closed in the afternoon and that of the 
other employees ceased So Wilbourne and sometimes McCord 
would wait for her m a bar just around the comer, where they 
would eat an early dinner. Then McCord would depart to 
begin his upside-down day at the newspaper and Charlotte 
 and Wilbourne would return to the store, which would now 
 take on a sort of bizarre and infernal inverted life  - the 
 chromium glass and synthetic marble cavern which for eight 
hours had been filled with the ruthless voracious murmur of 
 furred shoppers and the fixed regimented grimaces of satin- 
 clad robot-hke saleswomen, now empty of uproar, glittering 
 and quiet and echoed with cavernous silence, dwarfing, fil e 
 now with a grim tense fury like an empty midnight clinic m 
 which a handful of pygmylike surgeons and nurses battle in 
 low-toned decorum for some obscure and anonymous                       e, 
 into which Charlotte would vanish too  (not disappear: he 
 would see her from time to time, consulting m pantomime 
 with someone over some object which one of them  e                   , or 
 entering or leaving a window) as soon as they entere 
 would have an evening paper and now for the ^ie^two or 
 three hours he would sit on fragile chairs surroun e             y joint 
 less  figures with suave organless bodies and serene almos 
 incredible faces, by draped brocade and sequins or the glitter 

                                                                  ees 
                                                              : 
  of rhinestones, while charwomen appeared on t  eir 
 pushing pails before them as though they were anot er spec 
  just crawled mole-hke from some tunnel or orifice leadi g 
  from the foundations of the earth itself an             serving som 
  obscure principle of sanitation, not to the hushed glnter 
  they did not even look at but to the subterranean region 
  which they would crawl back to before lig t               ena 
  and midnight and, as Christmas approac e  ,            even    , ,     r 
  would go home, to the apartment which had no work-bench 
  and no skylight now but which was new an                 ne^ 
  new neat district near a park  (towards which, around 

                                     87 



o’clock in the morning, while lying in bed between his first 
and second sleep of the day, he could hear the voices ofnurse- 
maid-harried children moving) where Charlotte would go to 
bed and he would sit again at the typewriter at which he had 
already spent most of the day, the machine borrowed first 
from McCord, then rented from an agency, then purchased 
outright from among the firing-pinless pistols and guitars and 
gold-filled teeth in a pawn-shop, on which he wrote and sold 
to the confession magazines the stories beginning ‘I had the 
body and desires ofa woman, yet in knowledge and experience 
 of the world I was but a child5  or ‘IfI had only had a mother’s 

 love to guard me on that fatal day’ - stories which he wrote 
 complete from the first capital to the last period in one sus- 
 tained frenzied agonizing rush, like the half-back working his 
 way through school who giasps the ball  (his Albatross, his 
 Old Man of the Sea, which, not the opposing team, not the 
 blank incontrovertible chalk marks profoundly terrifying and 
 meamngless as an idiot’s mghtmare, is his sworn and mortal 
 enemy) and runs until the play is  completed - downed or 
 across the goal line, it doesn’t matter which - then to go to 
 bed himself, with dawn sometimes beyond the open window 
 of the dull sleeping cubicle, to get into bed beside Charlotte 
 who without waking would sometimes turn to him, murmur- 
 ing something damp and indistinguishable out of sleep, and to 
  ie again holding her as on that last night at the lake, himself 
 wide awake, carefully rigid and still,  knowmg no desire to 
 momn^ ? ^*? SmeU 3nd echo of 1115  last hatch °f 
 moron s pap to breathe out of him. 

                  a 
                   ™ 
  ShfwouW T?          ke     S%Wlule she sleP£>  aQd         versa, 
                        , T 
                     and  l0    the wmdow         dress ™d make 
  coffelfthe hr   t?      r  f 
  4d nottow f 7^^they were poor, when they 
                          “Whet  the next mea£ure         coffee to 
  put into the mm                 ? 

                                -> >                 stis 
                          a 
  passmgThlCAt tTT1ld wake and ll5t«*> the 
  sit down to the tvoewmc S       6 c0®ee heated, and drink it and 

                                            01  ^ 
                                              " 
  especial regret die  naestnesia               effott and Wlth°Ut 
                      anaes&esjarflT* 
                                   of his monotonous 
                                                        inventing. 
                                 88 



At first he made a kind of ritual ofhis solitary lunch, fetching 
in the cans and slices ofmeat and such the night before, like a 
little boy with a new Daniel Boone suit hoarding crackers m 
the improvised forest of a broom closet But lately, since he 
had actually bought the typewriter (he had voluntarily relin- 
quished his amateur standing, he told himself then, he no 
longer had even to pretend to himself it was a lark) he began 
to dispense with lunch altogether, with the bother of eating, 
instead writing steadily on, pausmg only to sit while his fin- 
gers rested, a cigarette scarring slowly into the edge of the 
rented table, staring at but not seeing the two or three current 
visible lines ofhis latest primer-bald moronic fable, his sexual 
gumdrop, then remembering the cigarette and raismg it to 
rub uselessly at the new scorch before writing again Then the 
hour would arrive and with the ink sometimes scarcely dry on 
the stamped sealed and self-addressed envelope containing the 
latest story beginning ‘At sixteen I was an unwed mother* he 

v/ould leave the apartment and walk through the crowded 
streets, the steadily shortening afternoons of the dying year, 
to the bar where he and Charlotte and McCord met 
   There was Christmas m the bar too, holly sprigs and mistle- 
toe among the gleaming pyramids ofglasses, mirror-repeated, 
the mirror aping the antic jackets ofthe barmen, the steaming 
seasonal bowls ofhot rum and whisky for the patrons to look 
at and recommend to one another while holding mtheir hands 
the same iced cocktails and highballs they had been drinking all 
summer. Then McCord at their usual table, with what he 
called breakfast - a quart stem ofbeer and about another quart 
of pretzels or salted peanuts or whatever was available, and' 
Wilbourne would have the one drink which he allowed him- 
self before Charlotte came e I can afford abstemiousness now, 
                                ( 
sobriety,’ he told McCord f I can pay shot for shot and no 

holds barred with any and all for the privilege of refusing. ) 
and they would wait for the hour when the stores would 
empty, the glass doors flashing outward to erupt into the 
tender icy glaie ofneon the holly-pinned fur-framed faces, the 
wind-carved canyons merry and crisp with the bright voices 
speaking the good wishes and goodwill into mtransigeant 
vapour, the employees’ chute too discharging presently the 

                                   89 



regimented black satin, the feet swollen with the long stand- 
ing, the faces aching with the sustained long rigid grimacing. 
Then Charlotte would enter; they would stop talking and 
watch her approach, shifting and sidling past the throng at 
the bar and among the waiters and the crowded tables, her 
coat open above the neat uniform, her hat of the current off* 
the-face mode thrust farther back still as if she had pushed it 
there herself with a sweep of the forearm in the immemorial 
female gesture  out of the  immemorial female weariness, 
approaching the table, her face pale and tired-looking too, 
 though she moved as strongly and surely as ever, the eyes as 
 humorlessly and incorrigibly honest as ever above the blunt 
 strong nose, the broad pale unsubtle mouth ‘ Rum, men,' sne 

 would say, then, sinking into the chair which one of them 
 diew for her   Well, Papa 5  Then they would eat, at the wrong 
 hour, the hour when the rest of the world was just beginning 
 to prime itself for food (c I feel like three bears in a cage on 
 Sunday afternoon,5   she said), eating the meal which none of 

 them wanted and then disperse, McCord to the paper, Char- 
 lotte and Wilbourne back to the store. 
   Two days before Christmas when she entered the bar she 
 carried a pared It contained Christmas gifts for her children, 
 the two girls. They had no work-bench now and no skylight. 
 She unwrapped and rewrapped them on the bed, the im- 
 memorial - the work-bench of the child’s unwitting begetting 
 become the altar for the Child’s service, she sitting on the 

 &Sil° red^nT^ty ^ oUy‘stlPP!ed PaP« and the fatuous 
    a             gfeetl      and gUmmed labels 
                                                     ^ 
 she had Cbo?            T                         >     «vo gifts 
                     S 
                      ° 
                       n             bUt ^markable, she iLk- 
  ng at them ^r  J 
                                                             ^ds 
  and swift          u  *  »   ^   her human action unhesitating 

   &£                                                 “ 
                                     Sne Sald*  ^ s  not -ri 
  function  real lv Jr’o c     j  t                       a child s 

  return to childishness,°tVVve'sohSSg ^“ation to 
  yourself to someone        a     >             y°u dont want' 
                                eSn * ^T&nt 
                                            xt eit 
                                                 ^ 
  thanks for it And the chilr?                    er» and demand 

  ever had 
            any parLular desire tou De 6r°wn, but just        ***% 
                                                            out of 
                                 90 



that ruthless piracy of children that will use anything - decep- 
tion or secrecy or acting - to get anything. Anything, any 
bauble will do. Presents don’t mean anything to them until 

they get big enough to calculate what it probably cost. That’s 

why little girls are more mterested In presents than little boys. 
So they take what you give them not because they will 
accept even that m preference to nothing, but because that’s 
about all they expected anyway from the stupid oxen among 
whom fox some reason they have to live - They have offered 
to keep me on at the store.’ 
   < What?’ he said. He had not been listening to her He had 

been hearing but not listening, looking down at the blunt 
hands among the tinsel litter, thinking, Now is the timefor me 
                                                           ?s 
to say, Go home. Be with them tomorrow night. ‘ What 

                                                                         ’ 
    ‘Theyare going to keep me on until summer at the store 
   He heard this time, he went through the same experience as 
when he had recognized the number on the calendar he had 
made, now he knew what the trouble had been all the time, 
why he would lie rigidly and carefully beside her in the dawn, 
believing the reason he could not sleep was that he was wait- 
ing for the smell of his moron pandering to fade, why he 
would sit before an unfinished page in the typewriter, believ- 
ing he was thinking of nothing, believing he was thinking 
only of the money, how each time they always had the wrong 
amount of it  and that they were about money like  some 
unlucky people were about alcohol either none or too much. 
It was the city I was thinking of, he thought The city and winter 
 together, a combination too strong for us yet, for a time yet — the 

winter that herdspeople inside walls wherever they are, but winter and 
 city together, a dungeon, the routine even ofsinning, an absolution even 
 for adultery.  ‘No,’ he said.  ‘Because we are gomg to leave 

 Chicago.’ 

    ‘Leave Chicago 
    ‘Yes. For good. You’re not gomg to work any more just 
 for money. Wait,’ he said quickly  ‘I know we have come to 
 live like we had been married five years, but I am not coming 
 the heavy husband on you I know I catch myself thinking,              I 
want my wife to have the best,           but I m not yet saying, 
 don’t approve ofmy women working.” It’s not that. It s what 

                                   91 



we have come to work for, got into the habit of working for 
before we knew it, almost waited too late before we found it 
out. Do you remember how you said up at the lake when I 
 suggested that you clear out while the clearing was good and 
 you said, “That’s what we bought, what we are paying for: to 
 be together and eat together and sleep together”? And now 
 look at us. Whenwe are together, it’s ma saloon or a street car 
 or walkin    along a crowded street and when we eat together 
            g 
 it’s in a crowded restaurant inside a vacant hour they allow 
 you from the store so you can eat and stay strong so they can 
 get the value of the money they pay yon every Saturday and 
 we don’t sleep together at all any more, we take turns watch- 
 ing each other sleep; when I touch you I know you are too 
  tired to wake up and you are probably too tired to touch me at 

  all.’ 

    Three weeks later, with a scribbled address on a torn news- 
  paper margin folded in his vest pocket, he entered a down- 
  town office building and ascended twenty floors to an opaque 
  glass door lettered Callaghan Mines and entered andpassed with 
  some difficulty a chromium-finished office girl and faced at 
  last across a desk flat and perfectly bare save for a telephone 
  and a deck ofcards laid out for Canfield, a red-faced cold-eyed 
  man of about fifty, with a highwayman’s head and the body 
   of a two-hundred-and-twenty-pound college full-back gone to 
   fat, in a suit of expensive tweed which nevertheless looked on 
   him as if he had taken it from a fire sale at the point of a pistol, 
   to whom Wilbourne essayed to give a summary ofhis medical 
   qualifications and experience. 
      ‘Nevermind that,’ the other interrupted. ‘ Can you take care 
    of the ordinary injuries that men working in a mine shaft 
   might meet^’ 
       ‘I was just trying to tell you 
       ‘I heard you I asked you something else. I said. Take care 
    of them, Wilbourne looked at him 
          don’t think I —5  he began. 

       J- 
        Take care of the mine. Of the people who own it.  Have 
    pu money into it  Who will be paying your salary as long as 
                  1 do? * care two damns m heU            much or how 
      tile surgery and pharmacology you know or don’t know or 

                                       * 
                                      9 



 how many degrees you might have from where to show it. 
 Nobody else out there will; there’ll be no State inspectors out 
  there to ask to see your licence. I want to know if you can be 
  depended on to protect the mine, the company. Against back- 
  fires. Suits  from wop pick-and-shovel men and bohunk 
 powder-monkeys and chink ore-trimmers to whom the notion 
 might occur to swap the company a hand or a foot for a pen- 
  sion or a trip back to Canton or Hong Kong.’ 
     ‘Oh,’Wiibourne said. ‘I see. Yes. I can do that.’ 
     ‘All right. You will be given transportation out to the mine 
  at once. Your pay will be        He named a sum. 
    .‘That’s not much,’ Wiibourne said The other looked at him 
  with the cold flesh-bedded eyes  Wiibourne stared back at 
  him. < I have a degree from a good university, a recognized 

  medical school. I lacked only a few weeks of finishing my 
  internship at a hospital which has a 
     ‘Then you don’t want this job. This job is nowhere near 
  up to your qualifications and, I daresay, your deserts. Good 
  day.’ The cold eyes stared at him, he did not move.  I said. 

                    ’ 
  Goodmorning 
     ‘Iwill have to have transportation for my wife,’ Wiibourne 

- said 
     Their train left at three o’clock two mornings later. They 
  waited for McCord at the apartment where they had lived for 
  two months and left no mark other than the cigarette scars on 
  the table.  ‘Not even of loving,’ he said.  Not the wild sweet 
  attunement, bare feet hurrying bedward in the half-light, 
  covers that won’t turn back fast enough. Just the groaning of 
  box springs, the preprandial prostate relieving of the ten 
  years married. Wewere too busy, we had to rent and support 
  a room for two robots to live in ’         McCord came and they 
  carried down the luggage, the two bags with which they ha 
  left New Orleans, and the typewriter. The manager shook 
  hands with all three of them and expressed regret at the dis- 
  solution ofmutually pleasant domestic bonds  Just two o us, 
  Wiibourne said.  'None of us is androgynous  The manager 

  blinked, though just once. 
     ‘Ah,’ he said.  ‘Apleasant journey You have a cab            T <ey 
  had McCord’s car; they went out to it in a mild glitter of 

                                    93 



ynmof silver, the final neon and clash, and clang of changing 
lights; the redcap turned the two bags and the typewriter over 

to the porter at the Pullman vestibule. 
   ‘We’vegot time for a drink,’ McCord said. 
   ‘You and Harry have one,’ Charlotte said.  ‘I’m going to 
bed.’ She came and put her arms around McCord, her face 
 raised.  ‘Goodnight, Mac.’ Then McCord moved and kissed 
her. She stepped back, turning; they watched her enter the 
 vestibule andvanish. ThenWilbourne also knew that McCord 
 knew he would never see her again. 
    ‘Howabout that drink?’ McCord said. They went to the 
 station bar and found a table and then they were sitting again 
 as they had on so many ofthe afternoons while they waited for 
 Charlotte - the same drinking faces, the same white jackets of 

 waiters and barmen, the same racked gleaming glasses, only 
 the steaming bowls and the holly  (Christmas, McCord had 
 said, the apotheosis of the bourgeoisie, the season when with 
  shining fable Heaven andNature, in accord for once, edict and 
 postulate us all husbands and fathers under our skins, when 
  before an altar m the shape of a gold-plated cattle-trough man 
  may with impunity prostrate himself in an orgy of unbridled 
  sentimental obeisance to the fairy-tale which conquered the 
  Western world, when for seven days the rich get richer and 
  the poor get poorer m amnesty: the whitewashing of a stipu- 
  lated week leaving the page blank and pristine again for the 
  chronicling of the fresh - and for the moment, horselike 
   ( There s the horse,’ McCord said), breathed — revenge and 
  hatred) missing now, the waiter coming up as he had used to 
   come - the same white sleeve, the anonymous featureless 
  waiter-face  you never actually  see.  ‘Beer,’ McCord said. 
   ‘What’s yours?’ 

     ‘Ginger ale,’ Wilbourne said. 
      ‘What?’ 
      ‘I’m on the wagon.’ 
      ‘Since when?’ 
      'Since last mght. I can’t afford to drink any more.’ McCord 
   looked at him. 
      Hell   McCord said.  ‘Bring me a double rye then.’ The 
    water departed. McCord sttll stared at Wilboorne. 1 It seems to 

                                94 



                                                 f 

                                                       f 
      agree with you/ he said savagely.  Listen/ he said, ‘I know 
      this is none of my business. But I wish I knew what it’s all 
      about. Here you were making fair money, and Charlotte with 
      a good job, you had a nice place to live in And then all of a 
      sudden you quit it, make Charlotte throw up her job to start 
      out in February to live m a mine shaft m Utah, without a 

                                                                                          9 
      railroad or a telephone or even a decent can, on a salary of - 1 

         c 
          That was just it. Thatwas why. I had become                        He ceased. 
      The waiter set the drinks on the table and went away. Wil- 
     bourne raised his ginger ale. e To freedom.’ 

         C 

          I would/ McCord snarled                  ‘You’ll probably be able to 
      drink to a lot of it before you see any of it again. And in 
     water too, not even m soda pop. And maybe ma tighter place 
      than this too. Because that guy is poison. I know about him. 

      He’s wildcat. If the truth was written about him on a tomb- 

      stone it wouldn’t be an epitaph, it would be a police record.’ 

                                                                       9 
         ‘All right/ Wilbourne said.  ‘To love, then.                    There was a 
      clock above the entrance - the ubiquitous and synchronized 
      face, oracular admonitory and unsentient; he had twenty-two 
  .  minutes yet  While it will only take two minutes to tell Mac what 
      it took me two months to discovei } he thought ‘I had turned into 
     a husband/ he said. ‘Thatwas all. I didn’t even know it until 
      she told me the store had offered to keep her on. At first I 
     used to have to watch myself, rehearse myself each time so I 

                                                9 
     would be sure to say “mywife ’                or “MrsWilbourne”, then I 
      discovered I had been watching myself for months to keep 
      from saying it; I have even caught myself twice since we came 
     back from the lake thinking “I want my wife to have the best” 
     exactly like any husband with his Saturday pay-envelope and 
     his suburban bungalow full of electric wife-saving gadgets 
     and his tablecloth of lawn to sprinkle on Sunday morning that 
     will become his actual own provided he is not fired or run 
     down by a car in the next ten years — the doomed worm blind 
     to all passion and dead to all hope and not even knowing it, 
!    oblivious and unaware in the face ofall darkness, all unknown 
     the underlying All-Derisive biding to blast him. I had even 
     stopped being ashamed of the way I  earned the money, 
     apologizing even to myself for the stories I wrote, I was no 
     more ashamed of them than the city employee buying his own 

                                             $>5 



bungalow on the instalment plan m which his wife can have 
the best is ashamed of his badge of office, the rubber plunger 
for unstopping toilets, which he carries about with him In 
fact, I had come to really like to write them, even apart from 
the money, like the boy who never saw ice before goes bugs 
about skating right after  he learns how. Besides,  after  I 
started writing them I learned that I had no idea of the depths 
ofdepravity ofwhich the human invention is capable, which is 
                   -’ 
always interesting 

   ‘Youmean, enjoys,’ McCord said. 
   ‘Yes. All right - Respectability. That was what did it.  I 
 found out some time back that it’s idleness breeds all our vir- 
tues, our most bearable qualities - contemplation, equableness, 
 laziness, letting other people alone, good digestion mental and 
physical: the wisdom to concentrate on fleshly pleasures — 
 eating and evacuating and fornication and sitting in the sun — 
 than which there is nothing better, nothing to match, nothing 
 else m all this world but to live for the short time you are 
 loaned breath, to be alive and knowit - oh, yes, she taught me 
 that, she has marked me too for ever - nothing, nothing. But 
 it  was only recently I have clearly seen, followed out the 
 logical conclusion, that it is  one of what we call the prime 
 virtues - thrift, industry, independence - that breeds all the 
 vices   anaticism, smugness, meddling, fear, and worst of all, 
  e pecta i lty. s, for instance. Because of the fact that for the 

      lme We were so^venC knew for certain where tomorrow’s 
 f   ri 
                         (    damned mone      too        of:it; 
             W       e    T                 y> 
               TA Tke and plan how to §et 11 sPent> by 
                   have been carrylns steamer folders 
 pockL'i Awn 
                           as  compIetdy *“» -d              » 
                                                      — 
    ‘Butnot her,’ McCord said. 
  self - as'anvtnan b tter man       lam You said that your- 
                   h  ^   l 
  plete                                1                 C°m' 
                                                      ^ 
       Householder !Auflacked™ 
                                 d 
                                         ^ 
  form ofa registered Snrml c         S  oiSclal sanction m the 
                                               ^ 
  We lived ££££££%££?“ 
                                                         ^ 
  a tabloid love-nest  it      wasn t bohemian, it wasn’t even 

                                    1              ° 
  - a                                         ^ f  ^but 
       neighboudmo^dedicated^v 
                                   y both city ordinance and 

                               96 



  architecture to the second year of wedlock among the five- 
  thousand-a-year bracket, I would be waked in the mornings 
  by the noise of children passing m the street; by the time 
  spring came and the windows would have to stay open I 
 would have been hearing the fretful cries of Swede nurse- 
 maids from the park all day long and, when the wind was 
 right, smell the smell of infant urine and animal crackers  I 
 referred to it as home, there was a corner m it we both called 
 my study; I had even bought the damn typewriter at last - 
 something I had got along without for twenty-eight years and 
 so well I didn’t even know it,  which is  too heavy and un- 
 wieldly to carry, yet which I would no more have dared desert 

 than 

    e 
     You’ve still got it, I noticed,’ McCord said. 

    £ 
     ~ than - Yes. A good portion of any courage is a sincere 
 disbelief m good luck. It’s not courage otherwise - than I 
 would my eyelashes I had tied myself hand and foot in a little 
 strip of inked ribbon, daily I watched myself getting more and 
 more tangled m it like a roach in a spider web; each morning, 
 so that my wife could leave on time for her job, I would wash 
 the coffee-pot and the sink and twice a week (for the same 
 reason) I would buy from the same butcher the groceries we 
needed and the chops we would cook ourselves on Sunday; 
give us a little more time and we wouldhave been dressing and 
undressing inside our kimonos in one another’s presence and 
turning off the light before we made love That’s it             It’s not 
avocation that elects  our vocations,  it’s  respectability that 
makes chiropractors and clerks and bill-posters and motormen 
and pulp writers of us ’      There was a loud-speaker m the bar 
too, synchronized too, at this moment a voice, cavernous and 
sourceless, roared deliberately, a sentence in which could be 
distinguished a word now and then - ‘tram,’ then others 
which the mind two or three seconds afterwards recognized 
to be the names of cities far flung about the continent, cities 
seen rather than names heard, as if the listener (so enormous 
was the voice) were suspended m space watching the globy 
earth spin slowly out of its  cradling cloud-wisps in frag- 
mentary glimpses  the  evocative  strange  divisions  of the 
sphere, spinning them on into fog and cloud agam before 

                                   97 



            comprehensioncould quite grrsp them.  It lonhcd rr 
vision and                                              I 

                                                  1' 
the clock again, he still had fourteen minute       honrte t,  miirises 
to try to tell what I have already faidmfive voids, he thought 
   ‘Andmind, I liked it     I never denied that, I liked it.  1  liked 
    money  made,              liked the                         thing 
the          1        I even             way 1  made it,  the 
I did, as I told you. It wasn’t because of that thn t      one day I 
caught myself back from thinking “M) wife mrt hove the 
      ” 
best    It was because I found out one day that I u a* ufmuL A«d 
 I found out at the same time that I will still be afraid, no iv li- 
 ter what I do, that I will still be afraid as long as she lives or 1 

 live.’ 

    ‘Youare still afiaid now?’ 
    ‘Yes. And not about money. Damn money I can make all 
 the money we will need, certain!} there seems to be no limit 
 to what I can invent on the theme of female sex troubles. I 
 don t mean that, nor Utah either I mean us. Love, if % ou \v ill 
 Because it  can t last   There is  no place for it  in the world 
 today, not even in Utah We have eliminated it.  It took us a 
 long time, but man is  resourceful and limitless m inventing 
 too, and so we have got rid of love at last just as v e have got 
 rid of Christ We have radio in the place of God’s voice and 
 mstea    of having to save emotional cuirenm for months and 
 years to deserve one chance to spend it all for love v. e can now 
 sprea  it t  n into 
                      coppers and titillate ourselves at anv news- 
  stand, two to the block like sticks of chewing-gum orchoco- 
      u? thC automatlc machines If Jesus returned today we 
 mstrfv lTt0 CmCfy 111111  <JUIck In our °'™ defence, to 
  fere/nnd TTU CIVlhzatIon we have worked and suf- 

                   S 
  and                      ^  nt*  culslnS ln Iage and impotence 
      terror         , 
             for m  1?        j 
  subwav L fThe would be ">  soiled man in a 
                                     fuU of 
                               ^ 
  McCord tumT T* l               “           Fr^h post-cards 
  viofen  gXe Th^  ^a  d beckoned>  a “4«c repressed  A 
  gla s  pfeSdv Te          T PPeared>  McCord pointed to his 
                        Wate 5 
                                  ^ 
                                       S 
                                         * 
                                           tbe          glass on the 
                                                 “ 
  ^ble andTSrew 
         rigilt>’  McCord said.  ‘So what?’ 

                                             “ 
  I 
                                                      ° 
    told her I                                          rleans when 
               had^elve^hundre^dolf^ 
                           nundred 
                                     dollars and it lasted until that 

                                  98 



night she told me the store would keep her on. I was outside 
of time I was still attached to it,  supported by it in space as 
you have been ever since there was a not-you to become you, 
and will be until there is an end to the not-you by means of 
which alone you could once have been - that’s the immortality 
- supported by it but that’s all,  just on it,  non-conductive, 
like the sparrow insulated by its  own hard non-conductive 
 dead feet from the high-tension line, the current of time that 
 runs through remembering, that exists only m relation to what 
 little of reahty (I have learned that too) we know, else there is 
 no such thing as time You know: I was not Then I am, and 
 time begins, retroactive, is was and will be Then.1was and so 
 I am not and so time never existed  It was like the instant of 
 virginity, it was the instant of virginity: that condition, fact, 
 that does not actually exist except during the instant you know 
 you are losing it; it lasted as long as it did because I was too 
 old, I waited too long; twenty-seven is too long to wait to get 
 out of your system what you should have rid yourself of at 
 fourteen or fifteen or maybe even younger — the wi          urr 
 fumbling of two amateurs beneath the front steps or in an 
 afternoon hayloft.  You remember* the precipice  the dar 
 precipice, all mankind before you went over it and lived an 
  aU after you will, but that means nothing to you because       ey 
  can’t teh you, forewarn you, what to do m order to survive 
  It’s the solitude, you see. You must do it in solitude and y 
  can bear just so much solitude and stiH five, like elect^ty. 
  And for this one or two seconds you will be absolu e y 
  not before you were and not after you are not, because yo 
  are never alone then; m either case you are securem thecone^ 
  pamoned in a myriad and inextricable anonymity, 
                                                         , seetlung 
  dust from dust, m the other, seething worms to 
  worms. But now you are going to be alone, you miu£yo 
   know it, it must be, so be it, you herd the beast you have nd 
   den all your life, the old familiar well-broken nag, up to the 

                                    McCord said  ‘I’ve beent  wart- 
   ^‘There’s the damned horse,’ 

               ^ 
       ** * 
   -g 
   don’t talk, we moralize at each otne        ? 
   parsons travelling the same country ane. 

                                  99 



                                                       . 

  «             you thought all the time that -when the moment 
    _ 
       Maybe 
came you could rein back, save something, maybe not, the 
instant comes and you know you cannot, know you knew all 
the time you could not, and you cannot; you are one single 
abnegant affirmation, one single fluxive Yes out of the terror 
m which you surrender volition, hope, all - the darkness, the 
 falling, the thunder of solitude, the shock, the death, the mo- 
 ment when, stopped physically by the ponderable clay, you 
 yet feel all your life rush out of you into the pervading im- 

 memorial blind receptive matrix, the hot fluid blind founda- 
 tion - grave-womb or womb-grave, it’s  all  one. But you 
 return, maybe you knew that all the time, but you return, 
 maybe you even live out your three score and ten or whatever 
 it is, but forever afterward you will know that for ever more 
 you have lost some of it, that for that one second or two sec- 
  onds you were present in space but not in time, that you are 
  not the three score and ten they have credited you with and 
  that you will have to discharge someday to make the books 
  balance, but three score and rune and three hundred and sixty- 
                                                 -* 
  four and twenty-three and fifty-eight 

                     5 
     ‘Sweet Jesus, McCord said.  ‘Holy choriated cherubim. If 

                                                        5 
  I am ever unlucky enough to have a son  . 
      ‘So that’s what happened to me,5  Wilbourne said  ‘I waited 

   too long What would have been two seconds at fourteen or 
   fifteen was eight months at twenty-seven. I was in eclipse, and 
   we almost scraped bottom on that snow-bound Wisconsin 
   lake with nine dollars  and twenty cents5               worth of food 

   between us and starving           I beat that,  I  thought I  did.  I 
   believed I waked up in time and beat that; we came back here 
   and I thought we were going great guns, until that night 
   before Christmas when she told me about the store and I 
    realized what we had got into, that the starving was nothing, 
    it could have done nothing but kill us, while this was worse 
    than death or division even* it was the mausoleum of love, it 
    was the stinking catafalque of the dead corpse borne between 
      le olfactoryless walking shapes of the immortal unsentient 
      eman mg ancient meat  The loud-speaker spoke again, they 
         C tC  nS  at      same time> at         same moment the waiter 

             |    j       r 
    materialized andMcCordpaid him. ‘ So I amafraid,5 Wilbourne 

                                       100 



      C 
said.  X wasn't afraid then because I was in eclipse but I am 
 awake now and I can be afraid now, thank God. Because 
this Anno Domini 1938 has no place m it for love. They used 
money against         while  was asleep because I was vulnerable 
                  me         I 
in money. Then I waked up and rectified the money and I 
thought I had beat Them until that night when I found out 
They had used respectability on me and that it was harder to 
beat than money. So I am vulnerable in neither money nor 
else to force us to conform to the pattern of human life which 
has now evolved to do without love - to conform, or die/ 
They entered the train shed — the cavernous gloom m which 
the constant electricity which knew no day from night burned 
wanly on towards the iron winter dawn among wisps of 
steam, in which the long motionless line of darkened Pull- 
mans seemed to stand knee-deep, bedded and fixed for ever 
in concrete. They passed the soot-dulled steel walls, the ser- 
ried cubicles filled with snoring, to the open vestibule.          So I 
am afraid. Because They are smart, shiewd, They will have 
to be; if They were to let us beat Them, it would be like un- 
checked murder and robbery Of course we can t beat Them, 
we are doomed of course; that's why I am afraid And not for 
me: do you remember that night at the lake when you said I 
was an old woman being led across the street by a policeman 
or a boy scout, and that when the drunken car came it would 

not be the old lady, it would 
   ‘But why go to Utah in February to beat it? And if you 

can't beat it, why in hell go to Utah?’ 
   ‘Because I      Steam, air, hissed behind them m a long sigh; 
the porter appeared suddenly from nowhere as the waiter  a 

done, 
   ‘All right, gentlemen,' he said. ‘ We re going. 
   Wilbourne and McCord shook hands.  ‘Maybe 111 write 
you/ Wilbourne said. ‘Charlotteprobably will, .anyway. She s 
a better gentleman than I am, too ’  He stepped into          e vesti- 
bule and turned, the porter behind him, his hand on the door- 
 knob, waiting, he and McCord looked at each ot er, t  e two 
 speeches unspoken between them, each knowing               ey wou 
 not he spoken* I won't see you again and No You won t see us 
 again.  ‘Because crows and sparrows get shot out of- trees or 

                                  101 



drowned by floods or killed by hurricanes and fires, but not 
hawks And maybe I can be the consort of a falcon, even if I 
am a sparrow/ The tram gathered itself, the first, the begin- 
ning of motion, departure came back car by car and passed 
under his feet      ‘And something I told myself up there at the 
lake,’ he said.     ‘That there is      something m me she is  not 
mistress to but mother. Well, I have gone a step farther/ The 
 tram moved, he leaned out, McCord moving too to keep pace 
 with him.  ‘That there is          something in me you and she 
 parented between you, that you are father of. Give me your 

            ’ 
 blessing 

    ‘Takemy curse/ McCord said. 



                           OLD MAN 

  As the short convict had testified, the tall one, when he re- 
  turned to the surface, still retained what the short one called 
  t le paddle. He clung to it, not instinctively against the tame 
  \vhen he would be back inside the boat and would need it, 
   ecause for a time he did not believe he v ould ever regain the 
  skiff or anything else that would support him, but because he 
  did not have time to think about turning it loose Things had 
  moved too fast for him He had not been warned, he had felt 
  the first snatching tug of the current, he had seen the skiff 
   egm to spin and his companion vanish violently upwards 
 like m a translation out of Isaiah, then he himself was in the 
 water, struggling against the drag of the paddle which he did 
 not know he still held each time he fought back to the surface 
 and grasped at the spinning skiff which at one instant was ten 
 feet away and the next poised above his head as though about 
 to brain him, until at last he grasped the stern, the drag ofhis 
 body becoming a rudder to the skiff, the two of them, man 
 and boat and with the paddle perpendicular above them like a 
 jackstaff, vanishing from the view of the short convict (who 
 had vanished from that of the tall one with the same celerity 
 though in a vertical direction) like a tableau snatched offstage 
 intact with violent and incredible speed. 
   He was now in the channel of a slough, a bayou, m which 
 until today no current had run probably since the old subter- 
 ranean outrage which had created the country. There was 
plenty of current m it now though, from his trough behind 
the stern he seemed to see the trees and sky rushing past with 
vertiginous speed, looking down at him between the gouts of 
cold yellow m lugubrious and mournful amazement But they 
were fixed and secure m something, he thought of that, he 
remembered in an instant of despairing rage the firm earth 
fixed and founded strong and cemented fast and stable for 
ever by the generations oflaborious sweat, somewherebeneath 
him, beyond the reach of his feet, when, and again without 
warning, the stern of the skiff struck him a stunning blow 

                              103 



across the bridge of his nose. The instinct which had caused 
him to cling to it now caused him to fling the paddle into the 
boat in order to grasp the gunwale with both hands just as 
the skiff pivoted and spun away again. With both hands free 
he now dragged himself over the stern and lay prone on his 
face, streaming with blood and water and panting, not with 
exhaustion but with that furious rage which is terror’s after- 

math. 

   But he had to get up at once because he believed he had 
 come much faster (andso farther) than he had. So he rose, out 
 of the watery scarlet puddle in which he had lam, streamin 
                                                                g, 
 the soaked denim heavy as iron on his limbs, the black hair 
 plastered to his skull, the blood-infused water streaking his 
 jumper, and dragged his  forearm gingerly  and hurriedly 
 across his lower face and glanced at it, then grasped the paddle 
 and began to try to swing the skiff back upstream It did not 
 even occur to him that he did not know where his companion 
 was, m which tree among all which he had passed or might 
 pass  He did not even speculate on that for the reason that he 
 vnew so incontestably that the other was upstream from him, 
 and after his recent experience the mere connotation of the 
 term upstream carried a sense of such violence and force and 

 speed that the conception of it as other than a straight line was 

         n   Wh Ch th£ ,nteUlgence>   reason, simply refused to 
 W,A^ ?l        l 
 harbour, like the notion of a rifle bullet the width of a cotton 

                8*?SWng back uPstream. It turned readily, 
 it OTtoared A6 ^ 1 “d °UtraSed lnsta« 10 which he rel 
  red iTwafw 
 arc and wT  ng /ar t0 ° eas%, it had swung on over the 
                 3 
  • hus snLm? L f 1° £he CUttem and be§an a§“° that 

                                  1115  teeth 
                              ^ 
   r  am nTfT-tM K                          ba ^m his bloody 

                 ' 
  dic    f       Vhl !e hls sPent      flailed the impotent pad- 

                         mnOCen 
  onc t me hXMtim                n PPeannS              which at 
  hi c an                          ke “d 5luftl "S involutions 
       “ 
          anacondl   ^‘"“u ^ 
        n “etW^v                      SCemed “ oife ~ -ore 
  hlx air, the boat which h              nee<^ t^lan 80 much air, 
  ".'nick him in the face r ,th          hlm 2nd at last actually 
                                                knCe 
                                            ™ 
  hoof                                    8           °f 3 
                                    ^" 
        nov   ecmed 
                   d to     - 
                      “ °‘ 
                         P  se weightless upon it like a thistle 

                                IO4 



 bloom, spuming like a wind vane while he flailed at the water 
 and thought of, envisioned, his companion safe, inactive and 
 at ease m the tree with nothing to do but wait, musing with 
 impotent and terrified fury upon that arbitrariness of human 
 affairs which had abrogated to the one the secure tree and to 
 the other the hysterical and unmanageable boat for the very 
 reason that it knew that he alone of the two of them would 
 make any attempt to return and rescue his companion 
    The skiff had paid off and now ran with the current agam 
 It seemed again to spring from immobility into incredible 
 speed, and he thought he must already be miles away from 
 where his compamon had quitted him, though actually he had 

 merely described a big circle since getting back into the skiff, 
 and the object (a clump of cypress-trees choked by floating 
 logs and debris) which the skiff was now about to strike was 
 the same one it had careened into before when the stern had 
 struck him. He didn’t know this because he had not yet ever 
 looked higher than the bow of the boat  He didn’t look 
.  higher now, he just saw that he was going to strike; he seemed 
 to feel run through the very insentient fabric of the skiff a 
 current of eager gleeful vicious incorrigible wilfulness, and he 
 who had never ceased to flail at the bland treacherous water 
 with what he had believed to be the limit ofhis strength now, 
 from somewhere, some ultimate absolute reserve, produced a 
 final measure of endurance, will to endure which adumbrated 
 mere muscle and nerves, continuing to flail the paddle right 
 up to the instant of striking, completing one last reach, thrust 
 and recover out ofpure desperate reflex, as a man slipping on 
 ice reaches for his hat and money-pocket, as the skiff struck 
 and hurled him once more flat on his face in the bottom of it. 
   This time he did not get up at once He lay flat on his face, 
 slightly spreadeagled and man attitude almost peaceful, a kind 
 of abject meditation He would have to get up sometime, he 
 knew that, just as all life consists of having to get up sooner 
 or later and thenhaving to he down again sooner or later after 
 a while  And he was not exactly exhausted and he was not 
 particularly without hope and he did not especially dread 
 getting up It merely seemed to him that he had accidental!} 
 been caught m a situation in which time and environment., 

                               105 



not himself, was mesmerized; he was being toyed with by a 
current of water going nowhere, beneath a day winch would 
wane towards no evening; when it  was done with him it 
would spew him back into the comparatively safe world he 
had been snatched violently out of, and m the meantime it did 
not much matter just what he did or did not do So he lay on 
his face, now not only feeling but hearing the strong quiet 
rustling of the current on the underside of the planks, for a 
while longer. Then he raised his head and this time touched 
his palm gingerly to his face and looked at the blood again, then 
he sat up on to his heels and leaning over the gunwale he 
pinched his nostrils between thumb and fingei and expelled a 
 gout of blood and was m the act of wiping his fingers on his 
 thigh when a voice slightly above his line of sight said quietly. 
 It s taken you a while,’ and he who up to tins moment had 
 had neither reason nor time to raise his eyes higher than the 
 bows looked up and saw, sitting in a tree and looking at him, 
 a woman She was not ten feet away. She sat on die lowest 
 limb of one of the trees holding the jam he had grounded on, 
 in a calico wrapper and an army private’s tunic and a sun- 
  onnet, a woman whom he did not even bother to examine 
 since that first startled glance had been ample to reveal to him 
 all the generations ofher life and background, who could have 
 been his sister if he had a sister, his wife if he had not entered 
 the penitentiary at an age scarcely out ofadolescence and some 
 years younger than that at which even his prolific and mono- 
 gamous kind married - a woman who sat clutching the trunk 

                  St 
                   ° 
 wl                  cfa  less feet 1* » pair of man’s unlaced 
         T’ ^           ^ 
 ablv somehnC ’* n a      j°m t *' e water> who was very prob- 

               7    S   aDd       Certalnl 
                             ^ 
 have W  f.                              y     certainly should 
                      /S       th°U h 
                          ^ 
                                       *“ 
                                    8       *>° ^had entered 
 &roemm„ T .             ° 
 theoteS               7 Ung *° W more than mere 
  “ 
            femTl 
                   eXPenenCe t0 dueOT“         ' 
 minute ^vo~lyou wasn t aiming to come back.’   X ^ught for a 
    Comeback2’ 

  fc^mefndtotxnmT^                     m*° 41118 h™sh pile the 
  touching     8fS       6   at     WeM °n ’ H<= boked .boat, 
                    tent , 
  replace .herethe                                      be ** 

                              106 



    ‘Yah,’ he said. ‘I’m here now though.’ 
    ‘Couldyou maybe get the boat a little closer ? I taken a right 
 sharp strain getting up here; maybe I better .  . . ’  He was not 
 listening; he had just discovered that the paddle was gone; this 
 time when the skiffhurled him forward he had flung the paddle 
 not into it but beyond it. ‘It’s right there in them brush-tops/ 
 the woman said. ‘ You can get it. Here. Catch a holt ofthis. ’  It 
 was a grapevine. It had grown up into the tree and the flood 
 had torn the roots loose. She had taken a turn with it about her 
 upper body; she now loosed it and swung it out until he could 
 grasp it. Holding to the end of the vine he warped the skiff 
 around the end of the jam, picking up the paddle, and warped 
 the skiff on beneath the limb and held it and now he watched 
her move, gather herself heavily and carefully to descend - 
that heaviness which was not painful but just excruciatingly 
 careful,  that profound and almost lethargic awkwardness 
which added nothing to the sum ofthat first aghast amazement 
which had served already for the catafalque of invincible 
dream since even in durance he had continued (andeven with 
the old avidity, even though they had caused his downfall) to 
consume the impossible pulp-printed fables carefully censored 
and as carefully smuggled into the penitentiary, and who to 
say what Helen, what living Garbo, he had not dreamed of 
rescuing from v/hat craggy pinnacle or dragoned keep when 
he and his companion embarked m the skiff. He watched her, 
he made no further effort to help her beyond holding the skiff 
savagely steady while she lowered herself from the limb — the 
entire body, the deformed swell of belly bulging the calico, 
suspended by its arms, thinking, A.nd this is ivhat I get.  This, 
out ofall thefemale meat that wallzs, is ivhat Ihave to be caught in a 

runaway boat with. 
    ‘Where’s that cottonhouse?’ he said. 

                      ’ 
    ‘Cottonhouse? 

                                                    ’ 
    ‘Withthat fellow on it       The other one 
   ‘I don’t know It’s a right smart of cottonhouses around 
here. With folks on them too, I reckon ’  She was examining 
him. ‘You’rebloody as a hog,’ she said. ‘You look like a con- 

      ’ 
vict 
   ‘Yah,’ he said, snarled ‘I feel like I done ahead) been hung 

                                    107 



Well, I got to pick up my pardner and then find that cotton- 
house.’ He cast off  That is, he released Ins hold on the vine. 
 That was all he had to do, for even while the bow of the skiff 
 hung high on the log jam and even while he held it by the 
 vine in the comparatively dead water behind the jam, he felt 
 steadily and constantly the whisper, the strong purring power 
 ofthe water just one inch beyond the frail planks on which he 
 squatted and which, as soon as he released the vine, took 
 charge of the skiff, not with one powerful clutch but in a series 
 of touches light, tentative, and catlike; he realized now that 
 he had entertained a sort of foundationless hope that the added 
 weight might make the skiff more controllable. During the 
  first moment or two he had a wild (and still foundationless) 
  belief that it had, he had got the head upstream and managed 
  to hold it so by terrific exertion, continued even after he dis- 
  covered that they were travelling straight enough but stern- 
  first and continued somehoweven after the bow began to wear 
                  1                                        knew 
  away and swing the old irresistible movement which he 
  well by now, too well to fight against it, so that he let the bow 
  swing on downstream with the hope of utilizing the sluff’s 
  own momentum to bring it  through the full circle and so 
  upstream again, the skiff travelling broadside then bow-first 
   then broadside again diagonally across the channel towards 
   the other wall of submerged trees; it began to flee beneath him 
   with terrific speed, they were in an eddy but did not know it, 
   he had no time to draw conclusions or even wonder, he 
   crouched, his teeth bared m his blood-caked and swollen face, 
   his lungs bursting, flailing at the water while the trees stooped 
   hugely down at him The skiff struck, spun, struck again, the 
   woman half-lay m the bow, clutching the gunwales, as if she 
   were trying to crouch behind her own pregnancy, he banged 
    now not at the water but at the living sapblooded wood with 
    the paddle, his desire now not to go anywhere, reach any 
    destination, but just to keep the skiff from beating itself to 
    fragments against the tree-trunks. Then something exploded, 
    fins time against the back of his head, and stooping tiees and 
    dizzy water,  the woman’s face and all,    fled  together and 
    vanished in bright soundless flash and glare. 
       An hour later the skiff came slowly up an old logging road 

                                 10B 



 and so out of the bottom, the forest, and into (or on to) a 
 cottonfield - a grey and limitless desolation now free of tur- 
 moil, broken only by a thin line of telephone poles like a 
wading millipede. The woman was nowpaddling, steadily and 
 deliberately, with that curious lethargic care, while the con- 
vict squatted, his head between his knees, trying to stanch the 
fresh and apparently inexhaustible flow of blood from his 
nose with handfuls ofwater. The woman ceased paddling, the 
 skiff drifted on, slowing, while she looked about. ‘We’redone 

out,’ she said. 

   The convict raised his head and also looked about.  ‘Out 
where?’ 
    ‘I thought maybe you might know.’ 
    ‘I don’t even know where I used to be. Even if I knowed 
which way was north, I wouldn’t know if that was where I 
wanted to go.’ He cupped another handful ofwater to his face 
 and lowered his hand and regarded the resulting crimson 
marbling on his palm, not with dejection, not with concern, 
but with a kind of sardonic and vicious bemusement The 
woman watched the back of his head. 

   £ 
    Wegot to get somewhere.’ 
   ‘Don’tI know it ? A fellow on a cottonhouse. Another in a 
tree. And now that thing in your lap.’ 
   ‘It wasn’t due yet. Maybe it was having to climb that tree 
quick yesterday, and having to set in it all mght. I’m domg the 

                                                        ’ 
best I can. But we better get somewhere soon 

                                 £ 
    ‘Yah,’  the convict said.     I thought I wanted to get some- 
where too and I ain’t had no luck at it          You pick out a place 
to get to now and we’ll try yours  Gimme that oar.’  The 
woman passed him the paddle. The boat was a double-ender; 
he had only to turn around. 
    ‘Whichway you fixing to go?’ the woman said 
    ‘Never you mind that. You just keep on holding on ’               He 

began to paddle, on across the cottonfield. It began to rain 
again, though not hard at first.  ‘Yah,’ he said         Ask the boat. 
I been in it since breakfast and I ain’t never knowed, where I 
aimed to go or where I was going either.’ 
   That was about one o’clock Towards the end of the after- 
noon the skiff (theywere,in a channel of some sort again, they 

                                   109 



had been mit for some time; they had got into it before they 
knew it and too late to get out again, granted there had been 
any reason to get out, as, to the convict anyway, theie was 
certainly none and the fact that their speed had increased 
again was reason enough to stay in it) shot out upon a broad 
expanse of debris-filled water which the convict recogm/cd as 
a river and, from its size, the Yazoo River, though it v as little 
enough he had seen of this country which he had not quitted 
for so much as one single day in the last seven years of his 
life. What he did not knowwas that it was now running back- 
wards. So as soon as the drift of the skiff indicated the set of 
 the current, he began to paddle in that direction which he 
 believed to be downstream, where he knew there were towns 
 - Yazoo City, and as a last resort, Vicksburg, if his luck was 
 that bad, if not, smaller towns whose names he did not know 
 but where there would be people, houses, something, an}- 
 thing he might reach and surrender his charge to and turn his 
 back on her for evet, on all pregnant and female life for ever 
 and return to that monastic existence of shotguns and shackles 
 where he would be secure from it     Now, with the imminence 
 of habitations, release from her, he did not even hate her. 
 When he looked upon the swelling and unmanageable body 
 before him it seemed to him that it was not the woman at all 
 but rather a separate demanding threatening inert yet bring 
 mass ofwhich both he and she were equally victims;’ thinking, 
 as he had been for the last three or four hours, ofthat minute’s 
 “ 
    *a7’ seconds ~ aberration of eye or hand winch would 
 suffice to precipitate her into the water to be dragged down to 
           *%Se*seless ^stone which in its turn would not 
 even hal 
     n have to feel agony, he no longer felt any glow of revenge 

                       todm      e feit  ^for h- “ S 
  “wf r  v 
  SS’74“ner ln a bam WlUCh had to                      b-nec1 to 

                     h 
                                e C 
                                   “ 
 widf                   P  S         Ient’ stea, %and singly, 
        fluted u  f °? 
                             dl7  °f          tow«d 
 bekeved ™                             ^ s              what he 
                                   5 pe 
                                        ° 
  upon, while from time'To time' l  ple’ something to stand 
  hull the accumulated ram from the s           lalSed ilcrsclf t0 
                                     shYlY 
                                           ^ 
  now though                                 was taming steadily 
            gh stillStill not hot- a *- n 
                    not hard, still without 
                                            passion, the sky, the 
                                no 



day itself dissolving without grief; the skiff moved m a nim- 
bus, an aura of grey gauze which merged almost without 
demarcation with the roiling spittle-frothed debris-choked 
water. Now the day, the light, definitely began to end and the 
convict permitted himself an extra notch or two of effort 
because it suddenly seemed to him that the speed of the skiff 
had lessened. This was actually the case though the convict 
 did not know it.  He merely took it as a phenomenon of the 
 increasing obfuscation, or at most as a result of the long day s 
 continuous effort with no food, complicated by the ebbing and 
 fluxing phases of anxiety and impotent rage at his absolutely 
 gratuitous predicament. So he stepped up his stroke a beat or 
 so  not from alarm but on the contrary, since he, too, had 
 received that lift Horn the mere presence of a known stream, a 
 river known by its ineradicable name to generations of men 
 who had been drawn to live beside it as man always has been 
  drawn to dwell beside water, even before he had a name for 
  wamr and fire,  drawn to the living water, the course of his 

  destiny and his actual physical 
  nostulated bv it   So he was not alarmed He paddled on up- 
  Learn without knowing it  unaware that aU die 
  for fortv hours now had been pouring through the levee 
  bLk » the north was somewhere ahead of him, on its way 

       was folldarit now. That rs, rnght had completely come, 

                      i  ondx 
   yellow flood sprea              ^           where vision ceased 
   phosphorescent, rig       P      d    t ges  he could now stop 
   The ^“^tfg^rntstodbeen wet for more 
   seemg the ram hie ana m &                    long siace stopped 
   than twenty-four hours no                                   it had 
                                          ,       see it either 
   feeling it, and now that he               “f^hldto make no 
   in a certain sense ceased for        his’oas^enger’s belly. So he 
   effort even not to see die swell ^^“^cdand not 

   was paddling on, strong y                ^ hene had not yet begun 
                                     because 
   concerned but just exasperated 

                                   in 



to see any reflection on the clouds which would indicate the 
city  or cities which he believed he was approaching, but 
which were actually now miles behind him, when he heard a 
 sound. He did not know what it was because he had never 
heard it before and he would never be expected to hear such 
 again since it is not given to every man to hear such at all and 
 to none to hear it more than once in his life. And he was not 
 alarmed now either because there was not time, for although 
 the visibility ahead, for all its clarity, did not extend very far, 

 yet m the next instant to the hearing he was also seeing some- 
 thing such as he had never seen before. This was that the sharp 
 line where thephosphorescent water met the darkness was now 
 about ten feet higher than it had been an instant before and 
 that it was curled forward upon itself like a sheet of dough 

 being rolled out for a pudding. It reared, stooping, the crest 
  ofit swirled like the mane of a galloping horse and, phosphor- 
  escent too,  fretted and flickered like  fire.  And while the 
  woman huddled m the bows, aware or not aware, the convict 
  did not know which, he (the convict), his swollen and blood- 
  streaked face gaped in an expression of aghast and incredulous 
  amazement, continued to paddle directly into it.  Again he 
  simply had not had time to order his  rhythm-hypnotized 
  muscles to cease He continued to paddle though the skiff had 
   ceased to move forward at all but seemed to be hanging in 
   space while the paddle still  reached, thrust, recovered and 
   reached again, now, instead of space, the skiffbecame abruptly 
   surrounded by a welter of fleeing debris - planks, small build- 
   ings, the bodies of drowned yet antic animals, entire trees 
   leaping and diving like  porpoises  above which the  skiff 
   seemed to hover m weightless and airy indecision like a bird 
   above a fleeing country-side, undecided where to fight or 
   w et  er to light at all, while the convict squatted in it still 

               OUgtl the moUoris 
   nnl? V                                paddling, waiting for an op- 
                *? *cream He nevet found it            For an instant the 
    L/r °                nJ CreCt °n ltS Stem an<^ then shoot scrab- 
    bfino- JnrTcCram 
                                       cur 
                                           ^ 
    and smrpd          K          ^  nS wall of water like a cat, 

                                                              h™ Cradkd 
    into the High actual Lt itth                                   S 
    bower ofof now         j          teVT °f a tree, from which 
                new-leafed boughs and branches the convict, like a 

                                       112 
                                          . 



 blid in its nest and still waiting his chance to scream and still 
 going through the motions of paddling though he no longer 
 even had the paddle now, looked downupon the world turned 
 to furious motion and m incredible retrograde. 
    Some time about midnight, accompanied by a rolling can- 
 nonade of thunder and lightning like a battery going into 
 'action, as though some forty hours constipation of the ele- 
 ments, the firmament itself, were discharging m clapping and 
 glaring salute to the ultimate acquiescence to desperate and 
 furious motion, and still leading its charging welter of dead 
 cows and mules and outhouses and cabins and hencoops, the 
 skiff passed Vicksburg The convict didn’t knowit  He wasn’t 
 looking high enough above the watei,  he still              squatted, 
 clutching the gunwales and glaring at  the yellow turmoil 
 about him, out of which entire trees, the sharp gables of 
houses, the long mournful heads ofmules which he fended off 
with a splintered length of plank snatched from he knew not 
where m passing (and which seemed to glare reproachfully 
back at him with sightless eyes, m limber-lipped and incredu- 
lous amazement) rolled up and then down again, the skiff now 
travelling forward, now sideways, now sternward, sometimes 
in the water, sometimes riding for yards upon the roofs of 
houses and trees and even upon the backs of the mules as 
though even m death they were not to escape that burden- 
bearing doom with which their eunuch race was cursed. But 
he didn’t see Vicksburg, the skiff travelling at express speed, 
was m a seething gut between soaring and dizzy banks with a 
glare of light above them, but he did not see it, he saw the 
flotsam ahead ofhim divide violently and begin to climb upon 
itself, mounting, and he was sucked through the resulting gap 
too fast to recogmze it as the trestlmg of a railroad bridge; for 
a horrible moment the skiff seemed to hang mstatic indecision 
before the looming flank of a steamboat as though undecided 
whether to climb over it or dive under it, then a hard icy wind, 
filled with the smell and taste and sense of wet and boundless 
desolation, blew upon him, the skiffmade one long bounding 
lunge as  the convict’s native state, m the final paroxysm, 
regurgitated him on to the wild bosom of the Father of 

"Waters. 

                                 ii 
                                    3 



  This is how he told about it seven weeks later, sitting in 
new bedtickmg garments, shaved and with his hair cut again, 
on his bunk in the barracks: 
  During the next three or four hours after the thunder and 
lightning had spent itself the skiff ran in pitch streaming dark- 
ness upon a roiling expanse which, even if he could have seen, 
apparently had no boundaries. Wild and invisible, it  tossed 
and heaved about and beneath the boat, ridged with dirty 
phosphorescent foam and filled with a debris of destruction - 
objects nameless and enormous and invisible which struck 
and slashed at the skiff and whirled on. He did not know he 
was now upon the river. At that time he would have refused 
to beheve it, even if he had known. Yesterday he had known 
he was in a channel by the regularity of the spacing between 
 the bordering trees. Now, since even by daylight he could 
 have seen no boundaries, the last place under the sun (or the 
 streaming sky rather) he would have suspected himself to be 
 would have been a river; if he had pondered at all about his 
 present whereabouts, about the geography beneath him, he 
 wou d merely have taken himself to be travelling at dizzy and 
 inexplicable speed above the largest cottonfield in the world; 
 "f7h° yesterdaY had knownhe was in a river, had accepted 
 hat fact in good faith and earnest, then had seen that river 

                       “ 
                         d msh 
 777?                                 upon him with fhrious 
 <777             hke a frenzled stallion in a lane - if he had . 
                                        ^ 
 on which he now'found hJmsdf 7                      eXpaQS6 
 W               76 tefoSed’  he Wuld 
   men7h h 
 he knew he was m no cottonfiplrl    u i        ,    ^&     3 
 water on which the skiff tossed and fled       ^ 
 tamely trod by man behind        d fl d flowed abo^e no soil 
 tocks of a mule That was when f™5 ®fd SUrSmg bllt" 

                                               0 
                                                 ^ 
 present condition was no phenomen^T^                 that lts 
                                   n 
                                     ° 
 'the intervening years durino- b  u  n    a decade>  but that 

  - 
      - ~ 
                        i.'Sssflfras 

                             114 



patiently the ten years m older to do, as a mule will work for 
you ten years for the privilege of kicking you once. And he 
also learned something else about fear too, somethin       he had 
                                                         g 
even failed to discover on that other occasion when he was 
really afraid - that three or four seconds of that night m his 
youth while he looked down the twice-flashing pistol barrel 

of the terrified mail clerk before the clerk could be persuaded 
that his (the convict’s) pistol would not shoot* that if you just 
held on long enough a time would come in fear after which it 
would no longer be agony at all but merely a kind ofhorrible 
outrageous itching, as after you have been burned bad 
   He did not have to paddle now, he just steered (who had 
been without food for twenty-four hours now and without 
any sleep to speak of for fifty} while the skiff sped on across 
that boiling desolation where he had long since begun to not 

dare believe he could possibly be where he could not doubt he 

was, trying with his fragment of splintered plank merely to 
keep the skiff intact and afloat among the houses and trees and 
dead animals (the entire towns, stores, residences, parks, and 
farmyards, which leaped and played about him like fish), not 
trying to reach any destination, just trying to keep the skiff 
afloat until he did He wanted so little  He wanted nothing for 
himself He just wanted to get rid of the woman, the belly, 
and he was trying to do that in the right way, not for himself, 
but for her. He could have put her back into another tree at 
          - 
any time 
   ‘Oryou could have jumped out of the boat and let her and 
it  drown,’ the plump convict said.  ‘Then they could have 
given you the ten years for escaping and then hung you for 
the murder and charged the boat to your folks.’ 
   ‘Yah,’ the tall convict said. - But he had not done that He 
wanted to do it  the right way, find somebody, anybody he 
could surrender her to, something solid he could set her down 
on and then jump back into the river, if that would please 
anyone That was all he wanted - just to come to something, 
anything. That didn’t seem like a great deal to ask And he 
                                                - 
couldn’t do it  He told how the skiff fled on 
   ‘Didn’t you pass nobody?’ the plump convict said.  ‘No 

steamboat, nothing?’ 

                              115 



   ‘I don’t know/ the tall one said - while he tried merely to 
keep it afloat, until the darkness thinned and lifted and re- 

        - 
vealed 
   ‘Darkness?’ the plump convict said. ‘I thought you said it 

•was already daylight.’ 
   ‘Yah,’ the tall one said. He was rolling a cigarette, pouring 
the tobacco carefully from a new sack into the creased paper. 
 ‘This was another one. They had several while I was gone’- 
 the skiff to be moving still  rapidly up a winding corridor 
borderedby drowned trees which the convict recognized again 
 to be a river running again in the direction that, until two days 
 ago, had been upstream. He was not exactly warned through 

 instinct that this one, like that of two days ago, was in reverse. 

 He would not say that he now believed himself to be in the 
 same river, though he would not have been surprised to find 
 that he did beheve this,  existing now, as he did and had 
 and apparently was to continue for an unnamed period, m a 
 state mwhich he was toy and pawn         a         and inflamm- 
                                       on  vicious 
 able geography  He merely realized that he was in a river 
 again, with all the subsequent inferences of a comprehensible, 
  even if not familiar, portion of the earth’s surface. Now he 
 believed that all he had to do would be to paddle far enough 
  and he would come to something horizontal and above water 
  even if not dry and perhaps even populated; and, if fast 
  enough, in time, and that his only other crying urgency was to 
  refrain from looking at the woman who, as vision, the incon- 
  trovertible and apparently inescapable presence of his pas- 
  senger, returned with dawn, had ceased to be a human bein 
                                                                 g 
  and (youcouldadd twenty-four more hours to the first twenty- 
  four and the first fifty now, even counting the hen. It was 
  dead, drowned, caught by one wing under a shingle on a roof 
  which had rolled momentarily up beside the skiff yesterday 
  and he had eaten some of it raw, though the woman would 
  not) had become instead one single, inert, monstrous sentient 
   womb from which, he now believed, if he could only turn his 
   gaze away and keep it away, would disappear, and if he could 
   only keep his  gaze from pausing again at the spot it  had 
   occupied, would not return  That’s what he was doing this 
   time when he discovered the wave was coming. 

                                 116 



   He didn’t know how he discovered it was coming back. He 
heard no sound, it was nothing felt nor seen. He did not even 
believe that finding the skiff to be now in slack water - that is, 
that the motion of the current which, whether right or wrong, 
had at least been horizontal,  had now stopped that and 
assumed a vertical direction - was sufficient to warn him. 
Perhaps it was just an invincible and almost fanatic faith in the 
inventiveness and innate viciousness of that medium on which 
his destiny was now cast, apparently for ever, a sudden con- 
viction far beyond either horror or surprise that now was 
none too soon for it  to prepare to do whatever it  was it 
intended doing. So he whirled the skiff,  spun it  on its heel 
like a running hoise, whereupon, reversed, he could not even 
distinguish the very channel he had come up. He did not 
know whether he simply could not see it or if it had vanished 
some time ago and he not aware at the time, whether the 
river had become lost m a drowned world or if the world had 
become drowned in one limitless river  So now he could not 
tell if he were running directly before the wave or quartering 
across its line of charge; all he could do was keep that sense of 
swiftly accumulating ferocity behind him and paddle as fast 
as his spent and now numb muscles could be driven, and try 
not to look at the woman, to wrench his gaze from her and 
keep it away until he reached something flat and above water 
So,  gaunt,  hollow-eyed,  striving  and wrenching  almost 
physicahy at his eyes as if they were two of those suction- 
tipped rubber arrows shot from the toy gun of a child, his 
spent muscles obeying not will now, but that attenuation 
beyond mere exhaustion which, mesmeric, can continue easier 
than cease, he once more drove the skiff full tilt into some- 
thing it could not pass and, once more hurled violently for- 
ward on to his hands and knees, crouching, he glared with 
his wild swollen face up at the man with the shotgun and 
said in a harsh, croaking voice: ‘Vicksburg?Where’s Vicks- 

        5 
burg ? 
   Even when he tried to tell it,  even after the seven weeks 
and he safe, secure, riveted, warranted, and doubly guaranteed 
by the ten years they had added to his sentence for attempted 
escape, something of the old hysteric incredulous outrage 

                                  II7 



came back into his face, his voice, his speech. He never did 
even get on the other boat. He told how he clung to a strakc 
(it was a dirty unpainted shanty boat with a drunken rake of 
tin stove pipe, it had been moving when he struck it  and 
apparently it had not even changed course even though the 
three people on it must have been watching him all the while - 

 a second man, barefoot and with matted hair and beard also 
 at the steering sweep, and then - he did not know how long— 

 a woman leaning in the door, in a filthy assortment of men’s 
 garments, watching him too with the same cold speculation), 
 being dragged violently along, trying to state and explain 

 his simple (and to him at least) reasonable desire and need, 

 telling it, trying to tell it, he could feel again the old unforgett- 
 able affronting like an ague fit  as he watched die abortive 
 tobacco ram steadily and faintly from between his shaking 
 hands and then the paper itself part with a thm dry snapping 

 report:^ 

    ‘Burnmy clothes?’ the convict cried.  ‘Burn them’” 
    ‘Howm hell do you expect to escape m them bill-boards?’ 
  the man with the shotgun said  He (the convict) tried to tell 
  it, tried to explain as he had tried to explain not to the three 
  people on the boat alone but to the entire circumambience - 
  desolate water and forlorn trees and sky - not for justification 
  because he needed none and knew that his hearers, the other 
  convicts, required none from him, hut rather as, on the point 
  of exhaustion, he might have picked dreamily and incredu- 
  lously at a suffocation. He told the man with the gun how he 
  and his partner had been given the boat and told to pick up a 
  man and a woman, how he had lost his partner and failed to 
   find the man, and now all in the world he wanted was some- 
   thing flat to leave the woman on until he could find an officer, 
   a sheriff. He thought of home, the place where he had lived 
   almost since childhood, bis friends of years whose ways he 
   knew and who knew his ways, the familiar fields where he did 
   work he had learned to do well and to like, the mules with 
   characters he knew and respected as he knew and respected 
   the characters of certain men, he thought of the barracks at 
   mg it,  with screens against the bugs in summer and good 
    stoves m winter and someone to supply the fuel and the food 

                                   118 



 too; the Sunday ball-games and the picture-shows - things 
 which, with, the exception of the ball-games, he had never 
 known before. But most ofall, his own character (Twoyears 
 ago they had offered to make a trusty of him. He would no 
 longer need to plough or feed stock, he would only follow 
 those who did with a loaded gun, but he declined. ‘I reckon 
ril stick to ploughing/ he said, absolutely without humour. 
 ‘I done already tried to use a gun one time too many5 ), his 

 good name, his responsibility not only towards those who 
were responsible towards him, but to himself, his ownhonour 
 in the doing ofwhat was asked of him, his pride in being able 
 to do it, no matter what it was. He thought ofthis and listened 
 to the man with the gun talking about escape and it seemed to 
him that, hanging there, bemg dragged violently along (it was 
here he said that he first noticed the goats’ beards ofmoss in 
the trees, though it could have been there for several days so 
far as he knew. It just happened that he first noticed it here) 
 that he would simply burst. 
    ‘Can’t you get it into your head that the last thing I want 
 to do is run away?’ he cried.     4 You can set there with that gun 

and v/atch me; I give you fair lief. All I want is to put this 

            ’ 
woman - 
   ‘And  told you          could come aboard/ the man with the 
          I            she 
gun said in his level voice.  ‘But there ain’t no room on no 
boat ofmine for nobodyhunting a sheriffin no kind ofclothes, 

let alone a penitentiary suit.’ 
   ‘When he steps aboard, knock him in the head with the 
gun barrel/ the man at the sweep said. ‘ He’s drunk.’ 
   ‘He ain’t  coming aboard/ the man with the gun said. 

 ‘He’s crazy.’ 
   Then the woman spoke. She didn’t move, leaning in the 
door, m a pair of faded and patched and filthy overalls like 
the two men: ‘Givethem some grub and tell them to get out 
ofhere.’ She moved, she crossed the deck and looked down at 
                                                         ‘      much 
the convict’s companionwith her cold sullen face.  How 
more time have you got?’ 
   ‘It wasn’t due till next month/ the woman in the boat said. 
 ‘ButI - ’  The woman m overalls turned to the man with the 

gun. 



   ‘Givethem some grub/ she said. But the man with the gun 
was still looking down at the woman in the boat 
   ‘Come on/ he said to the convict.  ‘Put her aboard, and 

        ’ 
beat it 

   ‘And what’ll happen to you/ the woman in overalls said, 
 ‘when you try to turn hei over to an officer  When you lay 
alongside a sheriff and the sheriff asks you who you are^’ 
Still the man with the gun didn’t even look at her He hardly 
even shifted the gun across his arm as he struck the woman 
across the face with the back of his other hand, hard.  ‘You 
son of a bitch/ she said  Still the man with the gun did not 
even look at her 

   ‘WelP’ he said to the convict. 
    Don t you see I can’t'5 ’   the convict cried.  ‘Can’t you see 

      ’ 
that-5 

   Now, he said, he gave up. He was doomed That is,  he 
 knew now that he had been doomed from the very start never 
 to get rid of her, just as the ones who sent him out with the 
 skiff knew that he never would actually give up, when he 
 recognized one of the objects which the woman m overalls 
was hurling into the skiff to be a can of condensed milk, he 
believed it  to be a presage, gratuitous and irrevocable as a 
 death-notice over the telegraph, that he was not even to find 
a flat stationary surface in time for the child to be born on it. 
 So he told how he held the skiff alongside the shanty-boat 

     le     first 
                            t0yln    of 
                                        ^ 
 P                “TY             §          second wave made up 
 f Y/’Ple the w°man in oveialls passed back and 
 Sf/rrhOUSe  nd all>                        the food - the hunk of 
                       / / 
                          ^ 
 coM w!d t T?                  fil% qUllt-  the scorched lumps of 
                    She p0Ured lnto the skiff from a heaped dish- 
 pannan Idee so  / k 
     Idee so much garbage -while he clung to the strake against 

                    1 
                      * 
                         ** 
                                           ™ 
 m^en/SIotgotten because he waswave which for the 

  I        , ,                                   still trying to state 
 the incredible                                         " 
                 simplicity of his                   j      ? , 
                                  5 desire 
 with the o-nn            i         aesire and need until the man 

 began to simp at hiPLd/hfsn/cWfoT^ 1°* 

                                  120 



the 'rail, his weight canting the skiff off at a tangent on the 

increasing current so that it began to leave the shanty boat 
behind and he paddling again now, violently, as a man hurries 
towards the precipice for which he knows at last he is doomed, 
looking back at the other boat, the three faces sullen derisive 
and grim and rapidly diminishing across the widemng water 
and at last,  apoplectic, suffocating with the intolerable fact 
not that he had been refused but that he had been refused so 
little, had wanted so little, asked for so little, yet there had been 
demanded of him in return the one price out of all breath 
which (they must have known), if he could have paid it,  he 
would not have been where he was, asking what he asked, 
raising the paddle and shaking it and screaming curses back 
at them even after the shotgun flashed and the charge went 

scuttering past along the water to one side 
   So he hung there, he said, shaking the paddle and howling, 
when suddenly he remembered that other wave, the second 
wall ofwater full ofhouses and dead mules building up behind 
himback in the swamp So he quit yelling then and went back 
to paddling. Hewas not trying to outrun it  He just knew from 
experience that when it overtook him, he would have to travel 
m the same direction it was moving m anyway, whether he 
wanted to or not, and when it did overtake him, he would 
begin to move too fast to stop, no matter what places he might 
come to 'where he could leave the woman, land her in time. 
Time: that was his itch now, so his only chance was to stat 
ahead of it as long as he could and hope to reach something 
before it struck So he went on, driving the skiff with muscles 
which had been too tired so long they had quit feeling it,  as 
when a man has had bad luck for so long that he ceases to 
                                                               - 
believe it is even bad, let alone luck Even v/hen he ate         t  e 
scorched lumps the size of baseballs and the weight, and dura- 
bility of cannel coal even after having lain in the skiff s bilge 
where the shanty-boat woman had thrown them - the iron- 
like,  lead-heavy objects which no man would hat              cued 
bread outside of the crusted and scorched pan m wincn they 
had cooked - it was with one hand, begrudging c\cn t .<  t 

from the paddle. 
  He tried to tell that too      that day while die skiff fled cn 

                                JZl 



among the bearded trees while every now and then small quiet 
tentative exploratory feelers would, come up from the wave 
behind and toy for a moment at the skiff, light and cunous, 
 then go on with a faint hissing sighing, almost a chuckling, 
 sound, the skiff going on, driving on with nothing to see but 
 tiees and water and solitude: until after a while it no longer 
 seemed to him that he was trying to put space and distance 
 behind him or shorten space and distance ahead, but that both 
 he and the wave weie now hanging suspended simultaneous 
 and unprogressmg mpure time, upon a dreamy desolation in 
 which he paddled on not from any hope even to reach any- 
 thing at all but merely to keep intact what little of distance the 
 length of the skiff provided between himself and the inert and 
  inescapable mass of female meat before him, then night and 
  the skiff rushing on, fast since any speed over anything un- 
  known and invisible is too fast, with nothing before him and 
  behind him the outrageous idea of a volume of moving water 

  toppling forward, its  crest frothed and shredded like fangs, 

  and then dawn again (another of those dreamlike alterations 
   day to dark then back to day again with that quality truncated, 
  anachronic and unreal as the waxing and waning of lights m a 
   theatre scene) and the skiff emerging now with the woman no 
   longer supine beneath the shrunken soaked private’s coat, but 
   sitting bolt upright, gripping the gunwales with both hands, 
   her eyes closed and her lower lip caught between her teeth and 
   he driving the splintered board furiously now, glaring at her 
   out of his wild, swollen, sleepless face and crying,- croakin 
                                                                           g, 
    ‘Hold on! For God’s sake hold on!’ 
      ‘I’m trying to,’  she said      ‘But hurry! Hurry'’ He told it, 
   the unbelievable  hurry, hasten, the man falling from a cliff 
   being told to catch on to something and save himself; the 
   very telling of it emerging shadowy and burlesque, ludicrous, 
    comic and mad, from the ague of unbearable forgetting with a 
    quality more dreamily furious than any fable behind pio- 

                                                                        1 
    scemum lights* 
                   a basm now - ‘Abasin5 ’  the plump convict said. 

                                            ' 
                                   ’ 
     That s what you wash m                                   ' 

                     the taU one said>     harshly, above his hands. ‘I 
    did.   With a supreme effort he stilled them long enough to 

                                       122 



 release the two bits of cigarette paper and watched them waft 
in light fluttering indecision to the floor between his feet, 
 holding his hands motionless even for a moment longer - a 
basin, a broad peaceful yellow sea which had an abruptly and 
 curiously oidered air, giving him, even at that moment, the 
impression that it was accustomed to water even if not total 
 submersion; he even remembered the name of it, told to him 
 two or three weeks later by someone* Atchafalaya - 
    ‘Louisiana       the plump convict said  ‘Youmean you were 

                                              5 
                                 5 
 clean out of Mississippi -        Hell fire    He stared at the tall one. 

 ‘Shucks/he said  ‘Thatain’t but just across from Vicksburg.’ 
    ‘They never named any Vicksburg across from where I 

                                                                                ’ 
was,’ the tall one said.  ‘ It was Baton Rouge they named 

And now he began to talk about a town, a little neat white por- 
trait town nestling among enormous very green trees, appear-, 
mg suddenly in the telling as it probably appeared in actuality 
 abrupt and airy and mirage-like and incredibly serene before 
him behind a scattering of boats moored to a line of freight 
cars standing flush to the doors mwater. And now he tr.ed to 
tell that too. how he stood waist-deep in water for a moment 
looking back and down at the skiff in which the woman half- 
lay, her eyes still closed, her knuckles white on the gunwales 
and a tiny thread of blood creeping down her chin from her 
chewed lip, and he looking down at her m a land of furious 

desperation 
                                          5 ’     said. 
    ‘Howfar will I have to walk-  she 

   ‘                                ’            ‘ 
    I don’t know, I tell youf        he cried    But it’s land somewhere 

yonder! It’s land, houses.’ 
    ‘If I try to move, it won’t even be born inside a boat/ 

she said  ‘You’ll have to get closer.’ 
    ‘Yes/ he cried, wild,  desperate, incredulous                 ‘Wait. I’ll 
go and surrender, then they will have - ’  He didn’t finish, wait 
to fini sh, he told that too. himself splashing, stumbling, trying 
to run, sobbing and gasping, now he saw it — another loading 
platform standing above the yellow flood, the khaki figures on 
it as before, identical, the same; he said how the intervening 
days since that first innocent morning telescoped, vanished as 
if they had never been, the two contiguous succeeding in- 
stants  (succeeding-5     simultaneous) and he transported across 

                                     123 



                   5                                                    ! 

no intervening space but merely turned m his own footsteps, 
plunging, splashing, his arms raised,  croaking harshly. He 

                             c 
heard the startled shout, There’s one ofthem ’, 
                                                      !  the command, 

                                                     4 
the clash of equipment, the alarmed cry:               There he goes1 
There he goes 1 

   c      ’                                                              5 
    Yes I  he cried, running, plunging, ‘ here I am Here 
                                                         !       !  Here 
 running on, into the first scattered volley, stopping among the 

                                             C 
bullets, waving his arms, shrieking,  I want to surrender! I 
 want to surrender !  ’  watching not m terror but in amazed and 

 absolutely unbearable outrage as a squatting clump of the 
 khaki figures parted and he saw the machine gun, the blunt 
 thick muzzle slant and drop and probe towards him and he 
 still screamingmhis hoarse crow’s voice, * Iwant to surrenderI 
 Can t you hear me^’ continuing to scream even as he whirled 
 and plunged, splashing, ducking, went completely under and 
 heard the bullets  going thuck-thuck on the water above 
 him and he scrabbling still  on the bottom, still  trying to 
 scream even before he regained his feet and still all submerged 
 savehis plunging unmistakable buttocks, the outraged scream- 
 ing bubbling from his mouth and about his face since he 
 mere y wanted to  surrender  Then he was comparatively 
 screened, out of range, though not for long. That is  (hedidn’t 
 tei! how nor where) there was a moment mwhich he paused, 
   reathed for a second before running again, the course back to 
    e sHffopenfor the time being though he could still hear the 
  sohhrn bdTd           ™d n0W and then 3 sbot>  30,3 he panting, 
                      “ tCar m the flesh of one hand>  go‘ when 
  SDeakma                  know*   and he wasting precious breath, 

                        lt    ed t0 aQy 
                                            “ 
                   V                                           “ther an 
               V t T J 
  capacT for Ifbreath and “» fo%*nd suffering, its infinite 

                                            seems to be lts oldy 

                                                          ^ 
                                                              Sp 
                                                                  “ 
  Plank Civ 
  which climaxed it  it (thetelling h d  P              &ty °felement 
  even creased another cieareit5, beCa“e qulte simple: he now 
  did not tremble at all andlffled thef” C®®11  fegers whlch 
  without sniffinp-                 ,®paPet£irom the tobacco sack 
            spiffing , n?i 
                      a flake, as though he had passed from the 

                                    1*4 



  machine-gun’s barrage into a bourne beyond any more amaze- 
  ment: so that the subsequent part of his narrative seemed 
  to reach his listeners as though from beyond a sheet of slightly 
  milky though still transparent glass, as something not heard 
  but seen - a senes of shadows, edgeless yet distinct,  and 
  smoothlyflowing, logical and unfrantic andmaking no sound: 
  Theywere mthe skiff, in the centre of the broad, placid trough 
  which had no boundaries and down which the tin           forlorn 
                                                         y 
  skiff dew to the irresistible coercion of a current going once 
 more he Imew not where, the neat small liveoak-bowered 
 towns unattainable and miragehke and apparently attached to 
  nothing upon the air}7  and unchanging horizon. He did not 
  believe them, they did not matter, he was doomed; they were 
 less than the figments of smoke or of delirium, and he driving 
 his unceasing paddle without destination or even hope now, 
  looking now and then at the woman sitting with her knees 
 drawn up and locked and her entire body one terrific clench 
 while the threads of bloody saliva crept from her teeth- 
 clenched lower lip  He was going nowhere and fleeing from 
 nothing, hemerely continuedtopaddle because he hadpaddled 
 so long now that he believed if he stopped his muscles would 
 scream in agony. So when it happened he was not surprised. 
 He heard the sound which he knew well (hehad heard it but 
 once before, true enough, but no man needed hear it but once) 
 and he had been expecting it; he looked back, still driving the 
 paddle, and saw it, curled, crested with its straw-like flotsam 
 of trees and debris and dead beasts and he glared over his 
* shoulder at it for a full minute out ofthat attenuation far be- 
 yond the pomt of outragement where even suffering, the cap- 
 ability of being further affronted, had ceased, from which he 
 now contemplated with savage and invulnerable curiosity the 
 further extent to which his now anaesthetized nerves could 
 bear, what next could be invented for them to bear, until the 
 wave actually began to rear above his head into its thunderous 
 climax. Then only did he turn his head. His stroke did not 
 falter, it neither slowed nor increased; still paddhng with that 
 spent hypnotic steadiness; he saw the swimming deer. He did 
 not knowwhat it was nor that he had altered the skiff’s course 
 to follow it, he just watched the swimminghead before him as 



the wave boiled down and the skiff rose bodily m the old 
familiar fashion on a welter of tossing trees and houses and 
bridges and fences, he still paddling even while the paddle 
found no purchase save air and still paddled even as he and the 
deer shot forward side by side at arm’s length, he watching the 
 deer now, watching the deer begin to rise out of the water 

 bodily until it was actually running along upon the surface, 
 rising still, soaring clear of the water altogether, vanishing up- 
 wardsmadying crescendo ofsplashmgs and snappingbranches, 

 its  damp scut flashing upwards, the entire animal vanishing 
 upwards as smoke vanishes  And now the skiff struck and 

 canted and he was out ofit too, standing knee-deep, springing 

 out and falling to his knees, scrambling up, glaring after the 

                    £                         c 
                             ’    croaked.             Hold on            hold 
             deer    Land  he                  Land 
 vamshed                    1                         '             Just 
                                                                   ! 

  onl’ He caught the woman beneath the aims, dragging her 
  out of the boat, plunging and panting after the vamshed deer 
  Now earth actually appeared - an acclivity smooth and swift 
  and steep, bizarre, solid and unbelievable; an Indian mound, 
  and he plunging at the muddy slope, slipping back, the woman 
  strugglmg m his muddy hands. 

     ‘                  ’              ‘ 
      Let me down!        she cried     Let me down!  ’  But he held her, 
  panting, sobbing, and rushed again at the muddy slope; he 
  had almost reached the flat crest with his now violently un- 
  manageable burden when a stick under his foot gathered itself 
  with thick convulsive speed It was a snake, he thought as his 
   feet fled beneath him and with the indubitable last  of his 
   strength he half pushed and half flung the woman up the bank 
   as he shot feet first and face down back into the medium upon 
   which he had lived for more days and nights than he could 
   remember, and from which he himself had never completely 
   emerged, as if his own failed and spent flesh were attempting 
   to carry out his furious unflagging will for severance at any 

   price, even that of drowning, from the burden with which, 
    unwittingly and without choice, he had been doomed. Later it 
    seemed to him that he had carried back beneath the surface 
    v ith him the sound ofthe infant’s first mewling cry. 



             / 

                             WILD PALMS 

    Neither the manager ofthe mine nor his wife met them - a 
    couple even less old though considerably harder, in the face 
    at  least,  than Charlotte and Wilboume. Their name was 
    Buckner, they called each other Buck and Bill.                ‘Only the 
    name is Billie, i-e,’ Mrs Buckner said ma harsh Western voice. 
    c I’m from Colorado’ (shepronounced                 £ 
                                                   the  a’ like in radish). 
    ‘Buck’sfromWyoming.’ 
       ‘It’s  a  perfect whore’s  name  isn’t         it?’  Charlotte said 
                                            , 

    pleasantly. 

       ‘Justwhat do you mean by that?’ 
       ‘That’s all.  I didn’t mean to offend. It would be a good 
    whore That’s what I would try to be.’ 
      Mrs Buckner looked at her.  (This v/as while Buckner and 
    Wilboume were up at the commissary, getting the blankets 
    and the sheep coats and woollen underwear and socks.) ‘You 

                                          ’ 
    and him ain’t married, are you? 

       ‘Whatmade you think that?’ 
       ‘I don’t know. You can just tell somehow.’ 
       ‘No, we’re not. I hope you don’t mind, since we’re going 
    to live in the same house together.’ 
       ‘Why should P Me and Buck wasn’t married for a while 
    either. But we are now all right.’ Her voice was not triumph- 
    ant, it was smug ‘And I’ve got it put away good too. Even 
    Buck don’t know where. Not that that would make any dif- 
    ference. Buck’s all right. But it don’t do a girl any harm to be 

    safe.’ 

                           ’ 
       ‘ Whatput away? 
       ‘Thepaper. The licence.’ Later (shewas cooking the even- 
'   ing meal now and Wilboume and Buckner were still across 
    the canyon at the mine) she said, ‘Makehim marry you.’ 
       ‘MaybeI will,’ Charlotte said. 
       ‘Youmake him. It’s better that way. Especially when you 

    get jammed.’ 
       ‘Areyou jammed 
      * Yes. About a month.’ 

                                      127 



                                                                                   . 

   In fact, when the ore tram ~ a dmmm u,mr '                     *  im 
head nor tear and thice tais and a cum* k uf (                *b*vve '   "M 
mg mostly stove - reached the *mov -ehm * <i                    J  ’dh'< ,? tla 
was no one in sight at all save a primed gi-mi mvm *                  Ym i     w 

                                                                          ' 
had apparently come by complete surprise, m a prime'*  ?l '/~P 
lined coat, with pale eyes v Inch looked rs :f he buj no? i»t p: 
 much lately  m a grimed face vduth olniomh, in! no? been 
 shaved and doubtless not been washed «n eome tone -                      a Pole, 
 with an air fierce proud and v lid and a little 1              y>t£.rf*d, ‘    ho 

 spoke no English, jabbering, gesturing '  *ok r>’d‘               tov -  rd*  tbu 

 opposite wall of the canyon where it  half-do, (  n hom e .                ni dc 
 mostly of sheet non and window -deep m drift                       flung      1 lie 
              r    not wide, it  was a ditch,  a  rutfc r,            if  soared, 
  canyon u as 
  swooping, the pristine snow scantcl               and blcrm dud h;           and 
  dwarfing the shaft entrance, the refuse dump, the :ew budd- 
  ings, beyond the canyon rims the actual units dhblc peris 
  rose, cloud-ravelled in some incredible v »nd, on the dirt} iky 

  ‘It will be beautiful m the spring/ Charlotte said 

      ‘It had better be/ Wilbourne said 
      ‘It will be It is now But let’s go somcv here I’m going to 

                           5 
   freeze in a minute 
      Again Wilbourne tried the Pole. ‘Manager/he said  *\\ hsch 

            ’ 
   house5 

      ‘Yah,boss/ the Pole said  He flung his hand a gam towards 
   the opposite canyon wall, he moved with incredible speed for 
   all his size and, Charlotte starting momentarily back before 
    she caught herself, he pointed at her thin slippers in the trod- 
    den ankle-deep snow then took both lapels of her coat in 
    his grimed hands and drew them about her throat and face 
    with almost a woman’s gentleness, the pale eyes stooping 
    at her with an expression at once fierce, wold" and tender; 
    he shoved her forward, patting her back, he actually gave 
    her a definite  hard slap  on the bottom.  ‘Ron/ he said. 
     ‘Ron ’ 

       Then they saw and entered the path crossing the narrow 
    valley That is, it was not exactly a path free of snow or snow- 
     packed by feet, it was merely that here the snow level was 
      ower, the width of a single man between the two snow 
     banks and so protected somewhat from the wind. ‘Maybehe 

                                          12.8 



lives in the mine and only comes home over the week-end/ 

Chailotte said. 
   ‘Buthe’s got a wife, they told me. What would she do**’ 
   'Maybethe ore tram just comes once a week too/ 
   'Youmust not have seen the engineer/ 

                                             5 
   4We haven’t seen his wife, either,          she said.  She made a 

sound of disgust.        'That wasn’t even funny. Excuse me, 

Wilbourne/ 
   'I do/ 
   ' Excuse me, mountains. Excuse me, snow. I think I m 

going to freeze/ 
   'She wasn’t there this morning, anyway/ Wilbourne said. 
Nor was the manager at the mine. They chose a house, not at 
random and not because it was the largest, which it was not, 
and not even because there was a thermometer (it registered 
 fourteen degrees above zero) beside the door, but simply 
because it was the first house they came to and now they had 
both become profoundly and ineradicably intimate with cold 
 for the first time in their lives, a cold which left an ineffaceable 
 and unforgettable mark somewhere on the spirit and memory 
 like first sex experience or the experience oftaking human life 
 Wilbourne knocked once at this door with ahand which could 
 not even feel the wood and did not wait for an answer, open- 
 ing it and thrusting Charlotte ahead ofhim into a single room 
                                          identical m woo en s        r s 
 where a man and a woman, sitting 
 and jeans pants and shoeless woollen socks on either side of 
 a dog-eared pack of cards laid out for a game o 
 on a plank across a nail keg, looked up at them in amaze- 

 ”You mean be  sent you out here? Callaghan himself?’ 
 B"C                                               Charlotte and to 
     ^sTwbourne said. He could hear < 
 Buckner where Charlotte stood over the heater a 

                                                                   , 
                                                                   hjx 
  away (itburned gasoline, when a match wa:si       stnict.toU         h 
                           they had to turn it off to           e 
 happened only when                                    '        it-took 
  since it burned otherwise all the ttme, night and d^/ 

  fire with a bang and glare 
                                              m/uth/hut 
  got used to and no longer dapP                   ^ ^dothes you 
  his heart jumped out) talking,        -t 

                                   129 



brought out here? You’ll freeze. Buck’ll have to go to the 
commissary.’  -  ‘Yes/ Wilbourne said          ‘Why? Who else 

would send me?’ 
         - 
   ‘You  ah - you didn’t bring anything? Letter or nothing? 
                            -’ 
   ‘No.He said I wouldn’t 
   ‘Oh, I see. You paid youi own way. Railroad fare.’ 
   ‘No. He paid it.’ 
   ‘Well, I’ll be damned,’ Buckner said. He turned his head 
 towards his wife. ‘Youhear that, BilP’ 
   ‘What?’Wilbourne said  ‘What’swrong?’ 
    Never mind now,’ Buckner said. ‘We’ll go up to the com- 
 missary and get you fixed up for sleeping, and some warmer 
 clothes than them you’ve got. He didn’t even tell you to buy 
 yourself a couple of Roebuck sheep coats, did he?’ 
    ‘No,’ Wilbourne said  ‘But let me get warm first.’ 
    ‘Youwon’t never get warm out here,’ Buckner said. ‘Ifyou 
 sit over a stove trying to, waiting to, you won’t ever move. 
 You 11  starve, you won’t even get up to fill  the stove tank 
 w en it burns out The thing is, to make up your mind you 
 will always be a little cold even in bed and just go on about 
 your business and after a while you will get used to it and 
  orget it and then you won’t even notice you are cold because 
 you wi     ave forgotten what being warm was ever like.        So 
 come on now. You can take my coat.’ 
    ‘Whatwill you do? ’             N 

        ^        ^ bave a swea‘-er’ Carrying the stuff will warm 
 u 
  wo up sonic* 

  thJironcS^lTl7                    lr°n slnSle toom fi11 ^with 
 beyond a sino-lp       ^ J? tbe hushed iron glare of the snow 

                    11 
                                co 
                                   ^ 
                                        it was a dead cold. It was 
  like aspic  almn^  i°T' 
  as though and         1 tC> m°Ve trough, the body reluctant 
  too much^ to ask of It   On               t0 breathe>  hve’  was 
                                       ^ 
                                           “ 
  gloo»yand                                  se 
                                                               “° 
  weie a thermometer not to measure cold h ?“ u “T 
  incontrovertible centigrade  (\f£ ,)    u 1 4    orlbundlty» aa 
  s                                            W               ** 
       , Wilbourne 
                                                           * 
   fl               was 5readytUnfatfa / f 
  of sham which was tint             ,  S'* a contracting mercury 
  blankets, the sheep coats           056        hauled down the 
                        atSj and 
                    P       and w^] 
                                 woo^Qs and galoshes; they felt 

                                130 



like Ice, like iron, stiff; carrying them back to the cabin 
Wilbourne’s lungs (hehad forgot the altitude) laboured at the 

rigid air which felt like fire in them. 
   ‘So you’re a doctor,’ Buckner said. 
   Tmthe doctor,’ Wilbourne said. They were outside now. 
Buckner locked the door again. Wilbourne looked out across 
the canyon, towards the opposite wall with its  tiny lifeless 
scar of mine entrance and refuse dump. ‘Just what’s wrong 

here?’ 
   e I’ll show you after a while. Are you a doctor?’ 

   Now Wilbourne looked at him. ‘I just told you I was. 
What do you mean?’ 
   ‘Then I guess you’ve got something to show it.  Degree: 

what do they call them?’ 
   Wilbourne looked at him. ‘Just what are you getting at? 
Am I to be responsible to you for my capabilities, or to the 
man who is paying my salary?’ 
   ‘Salary?’ Buckner laughed harshly. Then he stopped.        I 
guess I am going about this wrong. I never aimed to rub your 
 fur crossways. When a man comes into my country and you 
 offer him  job and he claims he can ride, we want proof that 
           a 
he can and he wouldn’t get mad when we asked him for it. We 
would even furnishhim a horse to prove it on, only it wouldn t 
 be the best horse we had and if we never had but one horse 
 and it would be a good horse, it wouldn’t be that one. So we 
wouldn’t have a horse for him to prove it on and we would 
 have to ask him. That’s what I’m doing now.’ He looked at 
Wilbourne, sober and intent, out of hazel eyes in a gaunt face 

 like raw beef muscle. 
   ‘Oh,’Wilbourne said. ‘I see. I have a degree from a pretty 
 ai  medical school. I had almost finished my course in a well- 
 f r 
 known hospital. Then I would have been - known, anyway; 
 that is, they would have admitted publicly that I knew-about 
 what any doctor knows, and more than someprobably. Or at 
 least I hope so. Does that satisfy you? 
   ‘Yes,’ Buckner said. ‘That’s all right.’ He turned and went 
 on.  ‘You wanted to know what’s wrong here. We’ll leave 
 these things at the cabin and go over to the shaft and 1 11 
 show you.’ They left the blankets and woollens at the cabin 

                              131 



and crossed the canyon, the path which was no path, just as 
the commissary had not been a commissar}’, but a sort o 
insciutable signpost like a code word set beside a road. 
    ‘Thatore tram we came up on/ Wilbourne said What was 
 in it when it went down to the valley 5 ’ 
    ‘Oh, it  was loaded/ Buckner said. 4 It  has to  get there 

 loaded Leave here loaded, anyway. I see to that. I don’t want 

                                     5 

 my throat cut until I know it 

                             ’ 
    ‘Loadedwith what5 
    ‘Ah/ Buckner said.  The mine was not a shaft, it was a 
 gallery pitching at once straight back into the bowels of the 

 rock - a round tube like the muzzle of a howitzer, shored 
 with timbers and filled with the dying snow-glare as they 
  advanced, and the same dead aspic-like cold that was m the 
  commissary and lined by two light-gauge rails along which as 
  they entered (they stepped quickly aside for it or they would 
  have been run down) came a filled ore tram pushed by a run- 
  ning man whom Wilbourne recognized also to be a Pole 
  though shorter, thicker, squatter (he was to realize later that 
  none of them were the giants they seemed, that the illusion of 
   size was an aura, an emanation of that wild childlike inno- 
   cence and credulity which they possessed m common) - the 
   same pale eyes, the same grimed unshaven face above the 
   same filthy sheep-lmed coat 
                   -’ 
      ‘I thought      Wilbourne began. But he did not say it. They 
   went on, the last glare of the snow faded and now they 
   entered a scene like something out of an Eisenstem Dante. 
   The gallery became a small amphitheatre, branching off in 
    smaller galleries like the spread fingers from a palm, lighted 
    by an incredible extravagance of electricity as though for a 
    festival - an extravagance of dirty bulbs which had, thoughm 
    inverse ratio, that same air of shamand monbundity which the 
    big, almost barren building labelled Commissary m tremendous 
    new letters had — m the light from which still more of the 
    grimed, giant-seemmg men in sheep coats  and with eyes 
    which had not slept much lately worked with picks and 
     shovels with that same frenzy of the man running behind the 
      °?             Wlt*1  s^outs aric^    ejaculations in that tongue 
     w c  W bourne could not understand, almost exactly like a 

                                       132. 



  college baseball team cheering one another on, while from the 
  smaller galleries which they had not penetrated yet and where 
-  still more electric bulbs glared in the dust-laden and icy air 
  came either echoes or the cries of still other men, meaningless 
  and weird, filling the heavy air like blind erratic birds.            He 

                                                     5 
  told me you had Chinese and Italians too, Wilbourne said. 
     4 Yah,5  Buckner said. ‘Theyleft. The chinks left in October. 
  I waked up one morning and they were gone. All of them. 
  Theywalked down, I guess. With their shirt tails hanging out 
  and in them straw slippers. But then there wasn t much snow 
  in October. Not all the way down, anyhow. They smelled it. 
   The wops -5 

                    5 
      ‘Smelledit? 
      ‘Therehasn’t been a pay-roll m here since September., 

           5 Wilbourne said. ‘I see now. Yes. So they smelled it. 
      ‘Oh, 

                       5 
   Like niggers do. 
      ‘I don’t know. I never had any smokes here. The wops 
   made a little more noise. They struck, all proper. Threw down 
   their picks and shovels and walked out. There was a - what 
   do you call it? deputation? -waited on me. Considerable talk, 
   all pretty loud, and a lot of hands, the women standing out- 
   side in the snow, holding up the babies for me to look a .  So 
   opened the commissary and gave them all a woollen s 
   apiece, men, women and children (youshould have seen them^ 
   the kids in a man’s shirt, the ones that were ,ust big enough to 
   walk I mean. They wore them outside like overcoats), and 
    can ofbeans apiece and sent them out on the 
    was still  a considerable hands, fists now, and^1 cou]id hea 
    them for a good while after the tram was out o{ 

                                                        But the hunkies 
    foss^Not'/s much as they did, anyway. 

    stayed.’ 

                                       had blew? They don’t under- 
       •S’om'foat^ve^thing 
    sJdgooTotthey -uld Sear all right; foe^wops could 

     SsThrSeCS’trie/to teU foem, it just didn’t make 



sense, that a man could let folks keep on working without 
intending to pay them  So now they think they are making 
                                                         trammers or 
overtime  Doing all  the work  They are not                                , 
miners either, they are blasters        There’s something about a 
hunky that likes dynamite Maybe it s the noise. But now they 
 are doing it all  They wanted to put their women in here too. 
 I understood that after a while and stopped it.  That’s why 
 they don’t sleep much They think that when the money comes 
 tomorrow, they’ll get all of it     They probably think now you 
 brought it and that Saturday night they’ll all  get thousands 
 of dollars apiece. They’re like lads. They will believe any- 
 thing That’s why when they find out you have kidded them, 
 they kill you. Oh, not with a knife m the back and not even 
 with a knife, they walk right up to you and stick the stick of 
  dynamite into your pocket and hold you with one hand while 

  they strike the match to the fuse with the other/ 

                                       ’ 
     ‘And you haven’t told them5 
     ‘Told them         5                               interpreter was 
                   how I can’t talk to them, the 
  one of the wops Besides, he’s got to keep his mine looking 
  like it’s running and that’s what I am supposed to do So he 
  can keep on selling the stock. That’s why you are here - a 
  doctor  When he told you there wouldn’t be any medical 
   inspectors out here to worry you about a licence, he told 
   you the truth     But there are mining inspectors out here, 
   laws and regulations foi running mines that say there must 
   be a doctor That’s why he paid you and your wife’s fare out 
   here. Besides, the money might come in. When I saw you 
   this morning 1 thought you had brought it too. Well5 Seen 

             ’ 
   enough5 

       Yes, Wilbourne said They returned towards the entrance; 
   once more they stepped quickly aside to let a filled ore tram 
    pass, pushed at a run by another grimed and frantic Pole. 
    The}' emerged into the living cold of the immaculate snow, 
    the fading day  ‘I don’t believe it,’ Wilbourne said. 
       ‘You saw, didn’t you5 ’ 
        I mean the reason you are still here. You were not expect- 
    ing any money.’ 
       ‘Maybe I’m waiting for a chance to slip away. And these 
    bastards won t even go to sleep at night and give me one. - 

                                     134 



                     4 
 Hell/ he said.       That’s a he too. I -waited here because it’s 
  winter and I might as well be here as anywhere else, long as 
                                                  and  can keep^warm. 
  there is enough grub in the commissary               I 
  And because I knew he would have to send another doctor 
  soon or come here himself and tell me and them wild bastards 
  in there the mine is closed.’ 
     ‘Well,here I am/ Wilbourne said. ‘Hesent another doctor. 
  What is it you want of a doctor 
     For a long moment Buckner looked at him - the hard little 
  eyes which would have had to be good at measuring and com- 
  manding men of a sort, a class, a type, or he would not be 
  where he now wras; the hard eyes which perhaps never before, 
  Wilbourne told himself, had been faced with the need of 
  measurin     a man who merely claimed to be a doctor. ‘Listen,’ 
             g 
  he said. ‘I’ve got a good job, only I haven’t had any pay since 
  September. We’ve saved about three hundred bucks, to get 
  out of here with when this does blow, and to live on until I 
  can find something else. And now Bill turns up a month gone 
  with a kid and we can’t afford a kid. And you claim to be a 
  doctor and I believe you are. How about it?’ 
      ‘No/Wilbourne said. 
     ‘It’s my risk. I’ll see you are clear.’ 
      ‘No,’ Wilbourne said. 
      ‘Youmean you don’t know how? 
     ‘I know how. It’s simple enough. One of the men in the 
~ hospital did it once - emergency patient - maybe to show us 
  what never to do. He didn’t need to show me.’ 
     ‘I’ll give you a hundred bucks.                                   ' 
      ‘I’ve got a hundred bucks,’ Wilbourne said. 
      ‘A hundred and fifty bucks. That’s half of it.  You see I 

   can’t do more.’ 
                                                                     ,   , 
      ‘I’ve got a hundred and fifty bucks too. I’ve got a hundred 
                                                                       -’ 
   and eight-five bucks. And even ifI didn’t have but ten bucks 
     Buckner turned away. ‘You’re lucky. Let s go eat. 
     He told Charlotte about it. Not in bed, as they had used to 
   talk, because they all slept in the same room - the cabin had 
   but one, with a lean-to for what privacy was absolutely re- 
   quired - but outside the cabin where, knee-deep m snow, in 
   the galoshes now, they could see the opposite canyon wall an 

                                    135 



the serrated cloud-ravelled peaks beyond, where Charlotte 

said again, indomitable  ‘It will be beautiful in the spring/ 
   ‘And you said no,’ she said.            ? 
                                     ‘Why Was it the hundred 

dollars?’ 

   ‘You know better than that. It was a hundred and fifty*, 

             ’ 
incidentally 
   ‘LowI may be, but not that low?5 

   ‘No It was because I 
   ‘Youare afraid 
    No It s nothing  Simple enough. A touch with the blade 
to let the air in  It’s because I — ’ 

   ‘Womendo die of it though/ 
    Because the operator was no good. Maybe one in ten 
thousand Of course there are no records It’s because I 
    It s all right  It s not because the price was too low, nor 
because you are afraid      That’s all  I wanted to know You 
don’t have to Nobody can make you. Kiss me We can’t even 

kiss inside, let alone 

   Th„ four of them (Charlotte now slept  in  the woollen 
 underv'ear like the others) slept in the one room, not in beds 
 but on mattresses on the floor (‘It’s warmer that way,’ Buck- 
 ner explatned  ‘Cold comes from underneath ’) and the gaso- 

                     C 
                      ° 
                       nStantiy' 
                                        “ 
                                             opposite corners but 
 evenTtt Tv,           “ 
                         attresses 
 Wdbourn/                                : not fifteen feet apart, so 
 Wilbourne      1 A° 
             and Chailotte could not even talk         whisper  It 
 to'have httk th£ B"cknerS thOUgh’           thouSh’ the>'  seemed 

                         f    , 
               “ 
 do              0 g      Pfelln™a«7 talking and whispering to 
     at t  T /  u 
 bomne lnd d 1             TT15  n0t five                dark WU- 
 oTr bT 4 kl             /                abrupt surge from the 
 woman’s moans Tf™" motion  «as,n| into  the 
                  5 though such was not for them Then 
                                                      nen one 
 thr th                                                    °ne dav 
 the thermometer reversed itself         c         i , 
                                         f 
                                          °“ 
 one below and they moved the  Z teen below to fort>" 

                                                               *** 
 tlcpt as a amt, the two women m theTSle “ T/T ' 
 times before                                           StU1 SOme 
                                             ^ 
               the l.ght was                     1 
                             scarcelv ™,t ,         ^, 
                                      ° 
 be wakened bv if')  thnt-r-   i ,  ^  ut ^or Perbaps they would 

 no worLspoken^ asTf ThTtaTbe^L^5 “4* 
 tavageh, to one another ^ ^  r       k£en ^rav/n violently and 

 tnagnet', and still ,t was not fofthem!            ““ Sted “d 

                                Ij6 



    They had been there a month, it was almost March now and 
 the spring for which Qiarlotte waited that much nearer, when 
 one afternoon Wiibourne returned from the mine where the 
 dirty and unsleeping Poles still laboured m that fierce deluded 
 frenzy  and the blind bird-like incomprehensible voices still 
 flew back and forth among the dusty extravagant electric 
 bulbs, and found Charlotte and Mrs Buckner watching the 
 cabin door as he entered And he knew what was coming and 
 perhaps even that he was already done for.  ‘Listen, Harry," 
 she said  ‘Theyare going to leave They’ve got to  It’s all up 
 here and they have only three hundred dollars, to get where 
 they are going and to live on until he can find work. So they’ve 
got to do something before it’s too late ’ 

                     5 
    ‘ So have we  he said.  ‘Andwe haven’t got three hundred 
                    , 

 dollars.’ 

    ‘We haven’t got a baby either  We haven’t had bad luck 
 You said it’s simple, that only one m ten thousand die, that 
 you know how to do it,  that you are not afraid. And they 

                             ’ 
 want to take the risk 

                                                           ’ 
    ‘Do you want a hundred dollars that bad? 

    ‘HaveI ever? Ever talked about money, except the hundred 
and twenty-five of mine you wouldn’t take13                You know that. 
Just as I know you wouldn’t take their money.’ 
    ‘I’m sorry I didn’t mean that  It’s because I 
    ‘It’s because they are m trouble Suppose it was us I know 
you will have to throw away something But we have thrown 
away a lot, threw it away for love and we’re not sorry.’ 

                                               ’ 
    ‘No,’ he said      ‘Not sorry. Never 
    ‘This is for love too Not ours maybe. But love.’ She went 
to the shelf on which they kept their personal effects and took 
down the meagre case of instruments with which he had been 
equipped before he left Chicago, along with the two railroad 
tickets    ‘This would be good for him to know, if he could 
know it. that the only time you ever used them was to ampu- 
tate his manager from the mine. What else do you need?’ 
   Buckner came up beside Wiibourne  All right?  he said. 
 ‘I’m not afraid and she ain’t  Because you’re all right. I ain’t 
watched you for a month for nothing  Maybe if you had 
agreed quick, right off, that first day, I wouldn t let you. I d be 

                                     137 



afraid. But not now. I’ll take all the risk and I’ll remember my 

promise: I’ll see you are clear. And it ain’t a hundred, it’s still 

a hundred and fifty.’ 
   He tried to say No, he tried hard. Yes, he thought quietly, 

I have  thrown away lots,  hut apparently not tins.  Honesty about 

money,  security,  degree,  and then for a  terrible  moment he 
thought, Maybe 1 would have thrown away love first too but he 
 stopped this mtime, he said, 'Youhaven’t got enoughmoney, 
 even if your name were Callaghan. I’ll just take all the risk 

instead.’ 

   Three days later they who had not been met walked with 
 the Buckners across the canyon to the waiting ore tram, Wil- 
 bourne had steadily refused even the hundred dollars, accept- 
 ing at last and instead of it, a hundred dollar assignment on 
 Buckner s back pay which they both knew would never be 
 paid, this to be expended agamst its equivalent in food from 
 the commissary, whose key Buckner had surrendered to him 
  It sounds damn foolish to me,’ Buckner said. 'The commis- 

 sary is yours anyway.’ 

    ‘It will keep the books balanced,’ Wilbourne said. They 
  o owed the path which was no path, to the tram, the engine 
 with neither head nor tail, the three ore cars, the toy caboose. 
 Buckner looked up at the mine, the gaping orifice, the refbse 
 dump scarring the pristine snow. It was clear now, the sun 
 low and thin above the serrated rnCTT tioolre           C -    1 . 

             i      ;r r J        wucu uiey nna you are goner 
            th 7       lunk  wgone 
                                          ^ 
                                               the mone m seK 
 I hone rtf   d       '     \ ’                          y   y 
 off here  No ’       YfSake>  Thea he sald’      ‘^7«« better 
 andhthen^eHWOmelabOUt              “d such and Setting drunk 

 until                  er aSam’  en°U§h food        keep you all 
 until sor,™ TY? u 
       spring. And they have something to do keen the dsvs 
  “car‘= - ««*> 
  **           issr4“£                                     » ««• 
     Do you beheve that?’ 

  day in his office. Maybe even fefthYffi “Y N°* 
  were standing a lithe aside fromrom thTZ          7 taae‘ Trbl? 
                                           two women. 'Look, 

                                138 



when you get out and find a chance, have her see a doctor. A 
good one Tell him the truth.5 
    ‘Whatfor?5 Buckner said. 

   ‘I’d rather you would I’d feel easier.’ 

    Nah,’ the other said        ‘She’s all right  Because you’re all 
right. If 1 hadn’t known that, do you think I’d a let you do it ? ’ 
Now it was time; the locomotive blew a shrill peanut-whistle 
blast, the Buckners got into the caboose and it began to move. 
Charlotte and Wilbourne looked after it for only a moment, 
then Charlotte turned, already running The sun was almost 
down, the peaks ineffable and tender, the sky amber and azure, 
for an instant Wilbourne heard the voices from the mine, 
wild, famt, and incomprehensible 
   ‘Oh, God,’ Charlotte said.  ‘Let’s don’t even eat tonight. 
Huiry. Run ’     She ran on, then she stopped and turned, the 
broad blunt face rosy m the reflected pink the eyes now green 
with it above the shapeless sheep collar of the shapeless coat. 
 ‘No,’ she said.  ‘You run m front so I can be undressing us 
both in the snow. But run.’ But he did not go ahead, he did 
not even run, he walked so he could watch her diminishing 
ahead of him along the path which was no path, then mount- 
ing the other wall towards the cabin, who, save for the fact 
that she wore them with the same abrupt obhviousness with 
which she wore dresses,  should never have worn pants at 
all,  and entered the cabin and found her now stripping off 
even the woollen underwear.  ‘Hurry,’ she  said                 ‘Hurry. 
Six weeks. I have almost forgotten how. No,’ she said  ‘I’ll 
never forget that  You never forget that, thank you sweet 
God ’ 

                r 

   They didn’t get up to prepare or eat supper. After a time 
they slept, Wilbourne waked somewhere in the rigid mght to 
find the stove had gone out and the room freezing cold. He 
thought of Charlotte’s undergarment where she had flung it 
away on to the floor, she would need it, she should have it on 
now. But it too would be like iron ice and he thought for a 
while about getting up and fetching it into the bed and thaw- 
ing it, warming it beneath his body until she could put it on 
and at last he found will power to begin to move but at once 
she clutched him.  ‘Where you going?’ He told her.  She 

                                  139 



clutched him, haid. ‘WhenI get cold, you can always cover 

me. 

   Each day he would visit the mine, where the frenzied and 
unabated work continued. On the first visit the men looked 
at him not with curiosity or surpnse but merely with inter- 
rogation, obviously looking for Buckner too. But nothing 
else happened and he realized that they did not even know 
probably that he was merely the mine's official doctor, that 
they recogmzed mhim only another American (healmost said 
white man), another representative of that remote golden 
unchallengeable Power in which they held blind faith and 
 trust. He and Charlotte began to discuss the question oftellin 
                                                                   g 
 them, trying to.    ‘Only what good would it  do?' he said 
  Buckner was right. Where would they go, and what would 
 they do when they got there? There’s plenty of food for them 
 here to last out the winter, and they probably haven’t saved 
 any money (granted they ever got square with the commis- 
 sary even when they were being paid enough wages to save) 
 and as Buckner said, you can five pretty happy a long time on 
 i usion. Maybe you aren’t happy any other time. I mean, if 
 you are a  un y that never learned anything else but how to 
 time a dynamite fuse five hundred feet underground. And 

       er     8"    e ve      got three-quarters of the hundred 

                b out e]tTCS  aod tf 
                             .        everybody left here, some- 
            ,flea     l 
 th/               Vlb0 f        d he “ght even send a man in 
 here J^                      f 
       to pick up the other three cans of beans.’ 

 nowTheT^ u SS t0°’’ Charlotte sali  ‘TV«nt go 
                         ° 
     SXfUt                      41115 5n0W- Had*’‘ y-noticed?’ 

                                                 *"* * *** 
 Buckroreout. 
                                           ^ 
                 That’s^wel^go 

                                                  “ 
 tcould wait no longef Sev wonW r  ^                 appeared *ey 
 m the mine. ThenLo weeks latet A                     ‘eU)     men 
  crossed the canyon to where the        W          ' 
                                      TOldlZv 
  ^ere already beginning to lnSlu          ’ fflthy 1 abbermg men- 
                                          ^ 
 bourne said! ‘I 

           you can. Some 
                            way. They believe 
                                                 you are the boss 
                                 140 
             , 



now and nobody yet ever failed to understand the man he 
believes is his boss. Try to get them over to the commissary.’ 
   Wilbourne moved forward, over to the loading chute in 
which the first tram of ore was already rattling, and raised his 
hand. ‘Wait/he said loudly The men paused, looking at him 
out of the gaunt, pale-eyed faces.  ‘Commissary/ he shouted. 
 ‘Store!’ jerking his arm towards the opposite canyon wall; 
now he recalled the word which the first one, the one who 
drew up Charlotte’s coat for her that first day, had used. ‘Ron/ 
he said. ‘Ron.’ They looked at him  moment longer, silently, 
                                        a 

the eyes round beneath the brute-like and terrific arching of 
pale brows, the expressions eager, puzzled, and wild  Then 
they looked at one another, they huddled, jabbering in that 
harsh incomprehensible tongue. Then they moved towards 
him in a body. ‘No, no/ he said  ‘All.’ He gestured towards 
the mine shaft. ‘All of you ’  Someone comprehended quickly 

this time, almost at once the short one whom Wilbourne had 
seen behind the galloping ore tram on his first visit to the 
mine dashed out of the group and up the snowy slope on his 
short strong thick piston-like  legs  and vanished into the 
orifice and reappeared, followed by the rest of the endless 
shift. These mingled with the first group, jabbering and gesti- 
culating.  Then they all  ceased and looked at Wilbourne, 
obedient and subdued. ‘Lookat their faces/ he said  ‘God, I 
hate to be the one to have to do this         Damn Buckner any- 

way.’ 
   ‘Comeon/ Charlotte said  ‘Let’s get it over ’  They crossed 

the valley, the miners following incredibly dirty against the 

snow - the faces of a poorly made-up and starving black-face 
minstrel troupe — to the commissary. Wilbourne unlocked the 
door. Then he saw at the rear of the group five women He 
and Charlotte had never seen them before; they seemed to 
have sprung from the snow itself, shawled, two of them car- 
ried infants, one of which could not have been a month old. 
   ‘My God/ Wilbourne said  ‘They don’t even know I’m a 
doctor. They don’t even know they are supposed to have a 
doctor, that the law requires that they have one  He and Char- 
lotte entered  In the gloom after the snow-glare the faces 
vanished and only the eyes watched him out of nothing, 

                                141 



subdued, patient, obedient, trusting and wild. ‘Nowwhat?’ he 
said again Then he began to watch Charlotte and now they all 
watched her, the five women pushing forward also to see, as 
she fastened with four tacks produced from somewhere a 
sheet of wrapping paper to the end of a section pf shelves 
where the light from the single window fell on it and began to 
draw swiftly with one of the scraps of charcoal she had 
brought from Chicago - the elevation ofa wall in cross section 
with a grilled window in it unmistakably a pay window and as 
unmistakably shut, on one side of the window a        umb  of 
                                                    n      er 
people unmistakably miners      (she had even included the 
woman with the baby), on the other side of the window an 
enormous man (she had never seen Callaghan, he had merely 
described him to her, yet the man was Callaghan) sitting be- 
hind a table heaped with glittering coins which the man was 
shovelling into a sack with a huge hand on which glittered a 
diamond the size of a ping-pong ball. Then she stepped aside, 
  or a moment 
                onger there was no sound. Then an lndescrib- 
         atOS  fierce    n0t loud onl 
                                         ^ 
wolT        u                     ’   y     <*rill voices ofthe 

one                                    1           chalk» 
                                                           ^ 
    would have recogmLd hf 
ceased, they looked§at             1Gy1 dld at once- The sound 
bewilderment  Then thev 1     "T?6 then at  one another ln 
                                 d 
ripped the                  °°\?  *1                    as she 
                                                  ^ 
sheet, this  paper wZC           &nd keSan to attach a fresh 
           time one of tV. 
Wilbourne too watching the                    afld helPed her’ 
                                    cra r 
  as himself mdubitabhr h              5 °G again. This time it 

anyone would                        h m““ya doctor, 
tunic, every chantv patient-  -       ?   passes, the hospital 
 or steel                                       kj fly 
                                                      “ 
         or premature dynat^TmT^                        S 
 emergency                                     to 
                                                  “ 
            stations, has 'seen, a w,                company 

 to a man who was cokpositely ^ofof           he WaS offeIlnS 
                               y       them, every man who 

                             142 



m?er laboured in the bowels of earth - the same wild unshaven 
look, even the sheepskin collar, and behind the doctor the 
same huge hand with its huge diamond in the act ofextracting 
from the doctor’s pocket a wallet thin as paper. Again the eyes 
turned towards Wilhourne, the reproach gone now and only 
the ferocity  remaining and that not at him. He gestured to- 
wards the remaining laden shelves. Presently he was able to 
reach Charlotte in the pandemonium and take her aim 
   "Home on,’ he said         ‘Let’s get out of here ’     Later (he had 

returned to the ore tram, where Hogben, its entire crew, sat 
over the red-hot stove in the caboose not much larger than a 
broom closet.       ‘You’ll be back in thirty  days then,’ Wil- 
bouine said. ‘I have to make a trip over thirty days for us to 
hold the franchise,’ Hogben said. ‘ You better bring your wife 

                ’ 
on out now  ‘We’ll wait,’ Wilbourne said. Then he returned 
to the cabin and he and Charlotte stood in the door and 
watched the crowd emerge from the commissary with its piti- 
ful loot and later cross the canyon and board the ore tram, 
filling the three open cais. The temperature was not forty-one 
now, neither was it back up to fourteen  The tram moved, 
they could see the tiny faces looking back at the mine en- 
trance, the lefuse dump, with mcredulous bewilderment, a 
land of shocked and unbelieving sorrow, as the tram moved a 
burst of voices reached across the canyon to them, faint with 
distance, forlorn, grieving, and wild) he said to Charlotte, 

                                                ’ 

 ‘Thank God we got our grub out first 
    ‘Maybeit wasn’t ours,’ she said soberly. 
   ‘Buckner’s then. They hadn’t paid him either.’ 

                                         ’ 
   ‘Buthe ran away. They didn’t 
   It was still nearer spring then, by the time the ore tram 
made its  next ritualistic and empty visitation perhaps they 
would see the beginning ofthe mountain spring which neither 
of them had seen and did not know would not appear until 
that time which in their experience was the beginning of sum- 
mer. They talked of this at night now, with the thermometer 
again sometimes at forty-one. But they could at least talk m 
bed now, m the dark, where beneath the blankets Charlotte 
would, after an amount of savage heaving and twisting (this 
too ritualistic)  emerge from the woollen undergarment to 

                                   M3 



sleep in the old fashion. She would not fling it  out fiom 
beneath the blankets but would keep it inside, a massy wad 
upon and beneath and around which they slept, so it would be 
warm for the morning. One night she said,  ‘You haven’t 
heard from Buckner yet.  But of course you haven’t; how 
could you have.’ 
   ‘No,’ he said, suddenly sober. ‘AndI wish I would. I told 
him to take her to a doctor soon as they got out. But he prob- 
ably - He promised to write me.’ 
   ‘I wish you would too.’ 
   ‘Wemay have a letter when the ore train comes back for us.’ 
    If it comes back.’ But he suspected nothing, though later 
it seemed incredible to him that he had not, even though at 
the time he could not have said why he should have suspected, 
on what evidence. But he did not. Then one day about a week 
before the ore train was due there was a knock and he opened 
the door upon a man with a mountain face and a pack and a 
pair of slung snow shoes on bis back. 
   ‘YouWilbourne?’ he said.  ‘Gota letter for you.’ He pro- 
            a    GCllled enVel°pe smudSed wlth handling and 
tb^ewLks old 
   ‘Thanks,’ Wilbourne said.  ‘Comein and eat ’ 
   ®"‘ *e T6  dedme<i ‘°ne of them                 aeroplanes fell 

                 ? 
                      yo?der iuSt before Christmas. You hear 

             *“* 
                                      sald- ‘Youbetter eat first.’ 
   'There’s' 
   The 1Y  Tfor 14  1 8uess 1 won’t stop.’ 
                      m ®ucbner- yt sald ‘Everything O K Buck. 
Charlotte tool™, r°            “ 
                                  d St0od look      at *• ‘That’s 
What YOU sa,d Yn          ,                     “S 
                           **                   ’ 
                              ^ 
feel all right about itT           SUnple’ dldn t you’  Now you 

   ‘Yes ’ Wilbourne said  ‘I am relieved ’ 

and Kas twoYWt oLT                      f°Ur WOrds’   ****”8 ° 
                                   ousand 
l'= reasonably careful isn’t it'”p   ** -  All }’°u have to do is 
                                         t0 °1S 
                                               “ 
« matter Yo you do it on/’                       d S ° forth’  Does 

    The} have to bp fp    >  <ru« i 
he thought swjftfy              Q  6 st0PF,ed'     looked at her, 
                      Someth         7 
 I!    ‘Do,t on?’           hW£ U ah0Ht * h ‘PP« * «. IVent. 

                               144 



   She looked at the letter. ‘Thatwas foolish, wasn’t it. Maybe 
I was mixed                       5        it did happen to him. He 
                up with incest.  Now 
began to tremble, he was trembling even before he grasped 
her shoulder and jerked her about to face him. 
   ‘Doit on?5 

   She looked at him, still holding the cheap ruled sheet with 
its heavy pencilling - the sober mtent gaze with that greenish 
cast which the snow gave her eyes. She spoke in short brutal 
sentences like out of a primer. ‘That night. That first night 

                                                         5 
alone. When we couldn’t wait to cook supper. 
                                                  -’ 
    ‘And every time since then you didn’t 
    ‘I should have knownbetter. I always did take it easy. Too 
 easy. I remember somebody telling me once, I was young 
 then, that when people loved, hard, really loved each other, 
 they didn’t have  hildren. Maybe I believed it.  Wanted to 
                      c 
 believe it. Or maybe I just hoped. Anyway it’s done. 
    ‘When?’ he said shaking her, trembling. ‘Howlong since 

 you missed? Are you sure?’ 
    ‘Sure that I missed? Yes. Sixteen days.’ 
    ‘Butyou’re not sure,’ he said rapidly, knowing he was talk- 
 ing only to himself*  ‘Youcan’t be sure yet. Sometimes they 
 miss, any woman You can never be sure until two — 
    ‘Do you beheve that?’ she said quietly.  ‘That’s just when 
 you want a child. And I don’t and you don’t because we can t. 
 I can starve and you can starve but not it. So we must, Harry. 

    ‘No!’ he cried  ‘No!’ 
    ‘Yousaid it was simple We have proof it is, thamt, s not 
 ing, no more than clipping an ingrowing toe-nail. 1 m strong 

 and healthy as she is     Don’t you beheve that? 
    ‘Ah,’ he cried ‘ So you tried it on her first. That was it. You 
 wanted to see if she would die or not That’s why you were 
  so bent on .selling me the idea when I had already sal         no 
     ‘It happened the night after they left, Harry But yes, I did 
  wait to hear from her first  She would have done the same 
  it had been me first      I would have wanted her to. I wou d 
  have wanted her to live whether I did or not j'ust as s  e wou 
  want me to live whether she did or not, just as               wan 

  live ’ 
                                                                        , 
     ‘Yes,’he said. ‘I know. I didn’t mean that But you - you 

                                    145 



   So it's all right. Itss simple. Yon know that now by tout 

           5 
own hand. 
   ‘No! No!5 

   _m11 right,  she said quietly. ‘jMaybewe can find a doctor to 
do it when we go out nest week.5 

   No.  he cried, shouted, gripping her shoulder, shaking 
     c                 ?I 
her.  Do you hear me 
   \ou mean no one else shall do it, and you won5 t? 5 
   hes! That s what I mean! That’s exactly what I meanl 5 

  c 
   Are you that afraid?5 
   ‘Yes5  ’  he said £ Yes! 5 

  The nest week passed. He took to walking, slogging, and 
piunging in the waist-deep drifts, Mt to uor mhcr?Ps %cca:m 
1 cgk i hrearbe there, he told himself: once he went up to the 

      £Ven       t  rce( 
 .nd       %    ^’ ^ -L  gallery dark now of die estrayagant 
     unneeded bulbs though it  soil seemed to him that he 
“tfkear the voices, the blind birds, the echoes of that &en- 
Wmf            P      S‘b 6human sPeech         still remained, 
         W°n        ? '^ 
                      pe 
                               ^-* 
                           PS        0 
                                      ™ 
nKfntd h“                                 about the dead cor- 
                                  *** iM0 *&*But sooner 
or la4r d“ 
                   S 
                    °meth 
                           “ 
                             S - Wd                *** to the 
SbmTd tl^M                    ’ 
be drawn into r>    noyuarre!   simply because she refused to 
  u-“-<       °     “d *8 n he WouU *** Sh ir ,;r,z 
 7l^ZT 
        vigu ar.a a 1      ? 
                  betier tenth»       t      ?      . 
tb',.g than I mil f  i)c         * Jau 1 */v’  sh :s ~ defter ereiy- 
daris routine         "    ^ ft€ to§etlier, ^ent through die 
               tW«l  * 
and then he ’took lief Untsh*        keeP from freezing; notv 

                                                             °f 
                                                       ^ 
 f-zv of inumdatiou,                             “ 5 

                       3 
                         ^ 
matter now at              *  ^ crfmS>        least it  doesn t 
Then it wodd be                '*  W §et »p “ *e cold • 

                                     d 
«ove burned outfhel^dY  ^ ^ *e 
                                      Ut a 
                                           ° 
 «ow                                        d 
                                               ^ 
      the cans which                  J  -            mto *e 
tliere would be nothino- el. e - ?Pene<1 ior the last meal, and 
                                     “ 
 *e sun for him to do So he fouid*     do> nol3unS else under 
 show shoes m the                 ^      (t^iere ^*ere a pair ot 
 among 
                                           ^ 
        but mosdy mto die d*L      uV*          to use them) 
 to' distinguish in time to Y’rY'fY*lad “ot ~£!: !earncd 

 ;h pl                                1101 
                                         ™ 
     y£. talking  to  himself IwT            8 *** PlunSin§- 
 e-pcieats. A h<-4      :•        ud’  tveighmg a thousand 
                    ofM he 
                    o P      bought - this, a trained doctor: 

                             14.6 



 whom use them,  they are supposed to work,     they must work, some- 
 thing must; it can4 be this difficult, this much of a price, and not 
 believing it,  knowing that he would never be able to make 
 himself believe it, thinking, And this is theprice of the twenty-six 

years, the two thousand dollars I stretched over four of them by not 

 smoking, by keeping my virginity until it damn near spoiled on me, the 
 dollar and two dollars a week 01 a month my sister could not afford to 

 send: that I should have deprived myself of all hope forever of anaes- 

 thesia from eitherpills orpamphlets. And now anything else is com- 
pletely out. * So there’s just one thing left,’ he said, aloud, m a 
 kind of calm, like that which follows the deliberate ridding 
 of the stomach of a source of nausea.  'Just one thing left. 
 We’ll go where it is warm, where it won’t cost so much to 
 live, where I can find work and we can afford a baby and if 
 no work, charity wards, orphanages, doorsteps anyway No, 
 no, not orphanage, not doorstep We can do it, we must do it, 
 I will find something anything - Yes!’ he thought, cried 
 aloud into the immaculate desolation, with harsh and terrible 

 sardomcism, 'I will set up as a professional abortionist.’ Then 
he would return to the cabin and still they did not quarrel 
 simply because she would not, this not through any forbear- 
ance feigned or real nor because she herself was subdued and 
afraid but simply because (andhe knew this too and he cursed 
himself for this too in the snow) she knew that one of them 
must keep some sort of head and she knew beforehand it 
would not be he. 
   Then the ore tram came. He had packed the remaining pro- 
visions out of Buckner’s theoretical hundred dollars into a 
box. They loaded this and the two bags with which they had 
left New Orleans almost exactly a year ago and themselves 
into the toy caboose. At the mam line junction he sold the 
cans of beans and salmon and lard, the sacks of sugar and 
coffee and flour, to a small store-keeper for twenty-one dollars. 
They rode two nights and a day in day coaches and left the 
snow behind and found buses now, cheaper now, her head 
tilted  back against the machine-made dolly,  her  face  in 
profile against the dark fleeing snow-ftee countryside and the 
little  lost  towns, the neon, the lunch rooms with broad 
strong Western girls  got up out of Hollywood magazines 

                                *47 



                                                        r 

 (Hollywoodwhich is no longer m Hollywood but is stippled 
by a billion feet burning coloured gas across the face of the 
American earth) to resemble Joan Crawford, asleep or not he 
could not tell. 

  They reached San Antonio, Texas, with a hundred and 
fifty-two dollars and a few cents  It was warm here, it was 
almost like New Orleans; the pepper trees had been green all 
winter and the oleander and mimosa and lantana were already 
in bloom and cabbage palms exploded shabbily in the mild air 
as m Louisiana. They had a single room with a decrepit gas 
plate,  reached by an outside gallery in a shabby wooden 
house. And now they did quarrel. c Can’t you see?’ she said. 
 Myperiod would come now, tomorrow. Now is the time, the 
simple time to do it. Like you did with her -what’s her name? 
the whore s name* Bill. Billie, i-e  You shouldn’t have let me 
learn so much about it.  I wouldn’t know how to pick my 
time to worry you then.’ 

   ', ,                      mmseir, cursing himself: You 
h/1 
                W                ’ 
                  ^ 
I         '          5 m tr°"hle’  U S mty°u- had seftled It. 
  had ti?  V' 
                       he 
                          ° 
self remVuri ^7T ne who             Now he      stop him- 
Ske it wht           “ Trbeuft 3        of some so« You 
            7 
                        ^ 
   ‘Trythere*’                 ** t0 get      of-diem.’ 

orotnei   W            m,°  W°Uld ever Deed         At a 
brirroh 
        Uh, GiVAT 
            God, Charlotte! Charlotte I’ 

whyi                         toCw 
We                              b  US agiUn’ ulck  <3ulck- 
    have so little time wl 1         T      <l   . 
m              ’                               more and 
   £XTS we u hoib be 
                u                   ^ 
                                       ** 
                                           ^ 
                     “                         had 
                                                   — 
 ^n soirehS S             ^ 
peopie hLiW^ut                     SC     d What   IOt °f 
                           i:Totd     °T         f 
the duplex for ten     k r     °    one’ ^ow you lived m 
                               U 
                          ^ 
sleeping ladies nex/door J   7   dlscovered that the late- 
                                   ^^ 
At kst that occurred to hm^^chth          teiephoGe Skls* 
inherit with breath: he             Verlest y°kel seems to 
                      asked . 
                             ^ 
set down before a house a   a ^“driver atld ^as presently 
                               ^ 
and 
                                   ^ 
    pressed a button which            the °ne he kved 1G 
                       Ch made GO edible 
                                         response though 
                          148 



  presently a curtain over the narrow window beside the door 
  fell a second before he could have sworn someone had looked 
  out at him. Then the door opened, a Negro maid conducted 
  him down a dim hallway and into a room containing a bare 
  veneered dining-table bearing an imitation cut-glass punch 
  bowl and scarred by the white rings  from damp glass- 
  bottoms, a pianola slotted for corns, and twelve chairs ranged 
  along the four walls m orderly sequence like tombstones in a 
  military graveyard, where the maid left him to sit and look at a 
  lithograph of the Saint Bernard dog saving the child from the 
  snow and another of President Roosevelt, until there entered 
  a double-chinned woman of no especial age more than forty, 
  with blondmed hair and a lilac satin gown not quite clean. 

                                                       ’ 
  ‘Goodevening/ she said.  ‘Stranger in town? 

     ‘Yes,’ he told her. ‘I asked a taxi-driver. He 
     ‘Don’t apologize/ she said.  ‘The drivers is all my friends 

 here.’ 

    He remembered the driver’s parting advice: ‘Thefirst white 
 person you see, buy them some beer. You’ll be jake then.’ 
  ‘Won’t you have some beer?’ he said 
     ‘Why, I don’t mind if I do/ the woman said.  ‘It might 
 refresh us.’ Immediately (shehad rung no bell that Wilbourne 
 could see) the maid entered. ‘Twobeers, Louisa/ the woman 
 said  The maid went out. The woman sat down too.  ‘So 
 you’re a stranger in San Tone. Well, some of the sweetest 
 friendships I ever seen was made in one night or even after 
 one session between two folks that never even seen one an- 
 other an hour ago. I got American girls here or Spanish 
~ (strangers like Spanish girls, once, anyway It’s the influence 
 of the moving pictures, I always say) and one little Eyetahan 
 that just     The maid entered with two tankards of beer. It 
 could not have been much farther away than wherever it was 
 she had been standing when the woman in purple had rung no 
 bell that Wilbourne could see. The maid went out. 
    ‘No,he said. ‘I don’t want - 1 came here - 1         The woman 
 was watching him, she had started to raise her mug. Instead 
 she set it back on the table, watching him C I m in trouble, he 

 said quietly. ‘I hoped you could help me.’ 
   Now the woman even withdrew her hand from the tankard 

                                  149 



and he saw now that her eyes, even if they were no less muddy, 
were also no less  cold than the big diamond at her breast. 
 And just what made you think I could or would help you out 
wLW^atCVer         trou^e is? The driver tell you that too? 
What d he look like? You take his number?’ 
   ‘No,’ Wilbourne said.  ‘I 
   Never mind that now What kind of trouble are you m?5 
He told her  simply and quietly,  while she watched him. 
    m she said. And so you, a stranger here, found right off a 
 axi-dnver that brought you straight to me to find a doctor 
to do your business  Well, well ’  Now she did ring the bell, 
not violently, just hard.                            5         ’ 

                        She ewn keeps a dMor in th* h°™> 1* 
thought!^ don“-A 
   U     U         he 
                      ™ 
SM Wk ta rtf’’’ K              Said       a11 a “istake. You’ll 
j             tke hotei or wherever it  is  and find 
                                                  na vouu lustUSt 
dreamt your wife        knocked                       y°   ' 
wife ’                            up or even that you had a 

   ‘I  wish I would,’ Wilbourne said     ‘TW T     » mi   j 

      d 
r.?“,                                    "•              b 
                                                            * 
        ri".zs:*2                                A 

continued to look at him      ^ Parte<^ kair   a bttle boy and 

   ‘Thatim?’ he said Tv^h            °? HlS *eck was ^aved 
purple, in a voice huskv with  S skou der to  the woman m 
early an age yet withal the^c^off                begUn at t0 ° 
happy, even joyous. He did not-      f   disposition cheerful, 
came straight to Wilbonrnp     a     Q Wait ^0r an answer, he 

                                  C 
plucked him fiom the chair with one°tf ^°tker could move 
mean, you sonafabitch                ham-like hand. ‘Whadya 
                        commo- 
acting hke a  sonafabitch? hah^R* repectable house and 
                             ^ 
happily  ‘Out?’ he said             He giared at Wilbourne 
   ‘ Yah, ’the woman m 
                        purplesa,d‘Tb      r 
taxi-driver ’ Wilbourne beA .°       Then 1 want t° find that 
man turned upon                  Str?££ e- At once the young 
                  him with in     , 
--•the woman said sW ‘Aff>°?.                         ‘Not I 
     11  g°> Wilbourne saiT ‘You *    lke 1 told lr °u>  You aPe-’ 
   ^                                ™ 
     ah; sure you sonafabitch 5        t°m me loose ’ 
                            h  th<> 
                             ’  the young man said  < 
                                                    . m 
                             150 



     , 

hdp you. You got helped in, see This way/ They were in the 
hall again, now there was a small slight black-haired dark- 
faced man also, in dingy trousers and a tieless blue shirt* a 
Mexican servant of some sort. They went on to the door, the 
back of Wilbourne’s coat bunched in the young man’s huge 
hand. The young man opened it.  The brute will have to hit me 
once Wilbourne thought. Or he will burst, suffocate.  But all right. 
All right. 
    ‘Maybeyou could tell me,’ he said  ‘All I want is 
    ‘Yah; sure,’ the young man said.  ‘Maybe I awda sockm, 
Pete. Whadya think 
    ‘Sockm,’ the Mexican said 
   He did not even feel the fist           He felt the low stoop strike 
him across the back, then the grass already damp with dew, 
before he began to feel his face at all            ‘Maybe you could tell, 
me       he said. 
    ‘Yah; sure,’ the young man said in his hoarse happy voice, 
 ‘ask me another ’        The door slammed After a while Wil- 
bourne got up Now he could feel his eye, the whole side of 
his face, his whole head, the slow painful pounding of the 
blood, though m the drugstore mirror presently (it was on 
the first corner he came to, he entered it, he was indeed learn- 
ing fast the things he should have known before he was 
nineteen years old) he could see no discoloration yet  But 
the mark was apparent, something was, because the clerk 

said. 

    ‘Whathappened to your face, mister?’ 
    ‘Fight,’ he said  ‘I knocked up my girl  I want something 

        ’ 
for it 
   For a moment the clerk looked at him, hard. Then he said, 

 ‘Cost you five bucks.’ 

                                ’ 
                              ? 
    ‘Doyou guarantee it 
    ‘Nah’ 

                              ’ 
    ‘All right I’ll take it 
   It was a small tin box, unlettered It contained five objects 
which might have been coffee beans  ‘He said whisky v oulcl 
help, and moving around He said to take two of them to- 
night and go somewhere and dance.’ She took five or them, 
they went out and got two pints of whisky and found at 1                   st 



a dance hall full of cheap colouied bulbs and khaki uniforms 

and rentable partners or hostesses 
   ‘Dunksome of it too/ she said       'Does your face hurt very 

bad now^’ 

                                                  ’ 
   'No/ he said.  'Drinkit.  Drink all you can 

                                                    ’ 
   ‘God/ she said    ‘You can’t dance, can you ? 

   ‘No/ he said    ‘Yes Yes, I can dance.’ They moved about 
 the floor, bumped and shoved and bumping and shoving, 
 somnambulistic and sometimes in step,  during each short 
 phase of hysterical music. By eleven o’clock she had drunk 
 almost half of one of the bottles but it only made her sick. He 
 waited until she emerged from the washroom, her face the 
 colour of putty, the eyes indomitable and yellow.  ‘You lost 
 the pills too/ he said 

    ‘Two of them I was afraid of that so used the basin and 
 washed them off and took them again Wheie’s the bottle^’ 
    They had to go out for her to drink, then they returned. At 
 twelve she had almost finished the first bottle and the lights 
 were turned off save for a spotlight which played on a revolv- 
 lng globe of coloured glass, so that the dancers moved with 
  the faces of corpses in a wheeling of coloured mote-beams 
  resembling a marine nightmare. There was a man with a 
 megaphone; it was a dancing contest and they did not even 
  knowit, the music crashed and ceased, the lights flared on, the 
  air was filled by the bellowing megaphone and the winning 
  couple moved forward  ‘I’m sick again/ she said. Once more 
  he waited for her - the putty face, the indomitable eyes        'I 
  washed them off again/ she said  ‘ButI can’t drink any more. 
  L°me on They close at one o’clock ’ 

                    were coffee beans because after three days 
  that th  !“ad hu Pfened and after five days even he admitted 

  Wdf/Tt          5 t ^ N°W they dld                    he cursing 
                       Mt 
                           “ 
  tmfcn.'Y                     1118 park bendles «a*ng *e help 
        d 
                                            out of     h bins wh e 
              “ 
  he t s              ffrff 
                               e 
                                ’ ^s^uner  to  r                 i! 
  could annlv A*         c    ^              >    disappear so he 
  had borne un fb      7 1°*         CUISlng himself because she 
                            8      WOuld and 
  bear up save diat hT T '            °                continue to 
                                       Ut **      knOWWghe had 
                                              ^ 
  done this, swearing 
                   rmg hene would 
                           wouh/h 
                                   change, stop it.  But when he 

                                 152 



returned to the room (she was thinner now and there was 
something in her eyes; ail the pills and whisky had done was 
to put something m her eyes that had not been there before) 
it would be as if his promises had never been made, she curs- 
ing him now and striking at him with her hard fists,  then 
catching herself, clinging to him, crying,  ‘Oh, God, Harry, 

                                                                    ’ 
make             1                   1 Bust the hell out ofme'  Then 
       me stop Make me hush 
they would he holding one another, fully dressed now, in a 
sort of peace for a1    time. 

   ‘It’ll be all right/ he said.  ‘A lot of people have to do it 
these days  Charity wards are not bad.  Then we can find 
                                               -’ 
 someone to take the baby until I can 

   e 
    No. It won’t do, Harry It won’t do.’ 
    ‘I know it sounds bad at first. Charity. But charity isn’t 
    'Damn charity  Have I  ever cared where money comes 
 from, where or how we lived, had to hve? It’s not that  They 

                   ’ 
hurt too much 
                                                                          — 
    ‘I know that too. But women have been bearing children 
                                      -’ 
 You have borne two yourself 
    ‘Damnpam too. I take easy and breed hard but damn that 
 I’m used to that, I don’t mind that. I said they hurt too much. 
 Too damned much ’          Then he understood, knew what she 
 meant; he thought quietly, as he had thought before, that she 
 had already and scarcely knowing him given up more than he 
 would ever possess to relinquish, remembering the old tried 
 true incontrovertible words Bone ofmy bone, blood and flesh and 
 even memory ofmy blood andflesh and memory You don t beat it, 
 he told himself You don’t beat it that easy. He was about to 
 say, ‘But this will be ours/ when he realized that this was it, 

 this was exactly it. 
   But still he could not say yes, could not say ‘All right }  He 

 could say it to himself on the park benches, he could hold his 
 hand out and it would not shake But he could not say the 
 word to her; he would he beside her, holding her while she 
 slept, and he would watch the ultimate last of his courage and 
 manhood leave him ‘That’s right/ he would whisper to him- 
 self, ‘stall. Stall. She will be m the fourth month soon, then i 
 can tell myself I know it is too late to risk it;  even she wi 
 believe then.’ Then she would wake and it would start all over 

                                    153 



                                                                        ! 

- the reasoning which got nowhere becoming the quarrelling 
and then the cuising until she would catch herseli and cling to 
him, crying in frantic despair.  ‘Haiij !       I Jam 1   What ate \\x 
doing5 We, we, us !  Make me hush !       Bust me! Knocl me cold 5 

This last time he held her until she was quiet. ‘ J larr), will you 
make a compact with me5 ’ 

   ‘Yes,’ he said wcanly  ‘Anything.’ 
   CA compact. And then until it’s up, wc will never mention 

piegnancy again.’ She named the date when her next period 
would have come, it was thirteen days away ‘That’s the best 
time, and after that it will be four months and it will be too 
late to risk it    So from now until then we won’t even talk 
about it, I will try to make things as easy as possible while you 
 look for a job, a good job that will support three of us — 
    ‘No,’ he said    ‘No1  No!’ 
    Wait,  she said.     You piomised. — Then if you haven’t 
 found a job by that time, )7ou wall do it, take it aw av from me.’ 
    No '’he cried  ‘I won’t! Never!’ 
    But you promised,’ she said, quietly, gently, slovh, as if 
 he were a child just learning English. ‘Don’t you see there is 

                 ’ 
 nothing else 5 

    I promised, yes. But I didn’t mean — ’ 
    ‘I told you once how I believe it  isn’t love that dies, it’s 
   e man and the woman, something in the man and the 
       a           es’   °esn,t deserve *c chan« *")' more to 
 w“ A ,^i        ^  US n°W-      We Wthe chlld’  only *e both 
 Wwc 
                       6    C 
                              “ 
                                 ‘ aff 
                                      ° 
 too h Jr" m  “j                       ld t0 W«• And ‘hey hurt 
                H Too damned bad I’m going to hold you to 

               ’       - 
                          ^ 
 we won’t e        ry          S0 fl °m now untjl that day comes, 
 me ’  After i'll"Jc>       mention it, think about it again. Kiss 

 wtse, they kissed,  ?*^*JZ^~*°* 
 he wrut'from                80          the fest weeks there while 
                    hosmi ?  T 
                              t0     S  lta1 
                                               ^ 
 seemed toTe tohevm f              ^° P     ’      interviews which 
                                                        111  ^ glV 
 identical instit, he alread^forefaotmvflT  ^                   4     “ 
 it and so meeting the obsequy decendl # ^3nd eXpectlnS 
 time. In Chicaso he wonlALYA’ B“t not now>  not this 

                                  I 54 



 to believe it, refused to accept no for an answer until threat- 
 ened almost with physical violence  He was not trying hos- 
 pitals alone, he was trying anyone, anj thing. He told lies, any 
 lie; 'he approached appointments with a frantic, cold maniacal 
 deteimmation winch was inherent with its own negation, he 
 promised anyone that he could and would do anything, walk- 
 ing along the street one afternoon he glanced up by sheer 
 chance and saw a doctor’s  sign and entered and actually 
 offered to perform any abortions thrown his way for half the 
 fee, stated his experience and (he realized later when com- 
paratively sane again) only his ejection by force forestalled his 
 showing Buckner’s lettei as a testimonial to his ability. 
   Then one day he returned home m the middle of the after- 
noon. He stood outside his own door for a long time before 
he opened it        And even then he did not enter but stood 
 instead mthe opening with onhis head a cheap white bellows- 
topped peaked cap with a yellow band - the solitary insignia 
 of a rankiess W.P A school-crossing guard - and his heart 
 cold and still with a grief and despair that was almostpeaceful. 
 H get ten dollars a week,’ he said 

   £ 
    Oh, you monkey ! ’        she said, then for the last time m his 
hfe he saw her cry. 'Youbastard' You damned bastard!’ She 
came and snatched the cap from his head and hurled it into 
the fireplace (a broken grate hanging by one side and stuffed 
with faded frilled paper which had once been either red or 
purple) and then clung to him, crying hard, the hard tears 
springing and streaming  'Youbastard, you damned bastard, 
you damned, damned, damned 
   She boiled the water herself and fetched out the meagre 
instruments they had supplied him with in Chicago andwinch 
he had used but once, then lying on the bed she looked up at 
him. ‘It’s all  right  It’s simple. You know that; you did it 

         ’ 
before 
   'Yes/ he said. 'Simple. You just have to let the air in. All 
you have to do is let the air —’ Then he began to tremble again. 

 ‘Charlotte Charlotte.’ 
   ‘That’s all. Just a touch Then the air gets in and tomorrow 
it will be all over and I will be all right and it will be us again 

forever and ever.’ 

                                    *55 



   ‘Yes. Ever and ever. But I’ll have to wait a minute, until 
my hand — Look It won t stop I can t make it  stop, 
   ‘All right. We’ll wait a minute It's simple. It’s funny. New, 

                                                        ’ 

I mean There Now your hand has stopped 

                                          5 

    ‘Charlotte,’ he said.  ‘Charlotte. 
    ‘It’s all right  We know how What was it  >ou told me 
 nigger women say? Ride me down, Harr} 
   And now, sitting  on his bench in Audubon Park lush, 
 green, and bright with the Louisiana summer already fully 
 accomplished although it was not yet June, and filled with 
 the cries of children and the sound of pram wdieels like the 
 Chicago apartment had been, he watched against his c\elids 
 the cab (it had been told to wait) stopping before the neat 
 and unremarkable though absolutely ummpugnable door and 

  she getting out of the cab in the dark dress carried a full tear 

  and better, for three thousand miles and better, in the bag 
  from last spring and mounting the steps. Now the bell, per- 
  haps the same Negro maid:  ‘Why, Miss                    then nothing, 
  remembering who paid the wages, though probably not since 
  by ordinary Negroes quit an employment following death or 
  division And now the room, as he had first seen it, the room 
  in which she said,  ‘Harry - do they call you Harry? - what 
  are we going to do?’ (IVeil, I did it, he thought She mil have 
  to admit that?) He could see them, the two of them, Ritten- 
  meyer m the double-breasted suit  (it might be flannel now 
  but it would be dark flannel, obtruding smoothly its unob- 
   trusive cut and cost), the four of them, Charlotte here and the 
   three others yonder, the two children who were unremark- 
   able, the daughters, the one with the mother’s hair but noth- 
   ing else, the other, the younger one, with nothing, the younger 
   sitting perhaps on the father’s knee, the other, the older, 
   leaning against him, the three faces, the one impeccable, the 
   two of them invincible and irrevocable, the second cold and 
   unwinking, the third merely unwinking; he could see them, 
   he could hear them* 
       ‘ Go speak to you,  mother,  Charlotte.      Take Am, mth you.' 

        I don’t want to? 

       ‘Go Take Ann’s hand? He could hear, see them: Ritten- 
    meyer setting the little one on to the floor, the older one takes 

                                       156 



          .                                                            . 

  mg, gesturing m violent mn^U             P     n am and U returns to the 

                                       th 
                                    f^ ^ 
             sets the little one on to     fl    g 
  Charlotte                                                ,    Q)je  buttock 
  father, turning against his knee an  a t         J         S 
   tomtd its father’s lap as children do, still staring 

   that detachment empty even of cmrnity 

                      Charlotte says. 
      ‘Tet them go/ 
      * You want them sent away?                             now he hears 
                                                       And now 
      < Yes. They ivant to go.’ The children defri. And 
                                                       Mtt 
   her; it is not Charlotte; he knows that as                     , 

   will.  ‘So that’s whatyou hare taught ibe!"          beetles.  ‘Nothing1 
       ‘I? I taught them? I taught them nothing' 

    It wasn't me mho                                            - Have they 
                                                    T have not 
        I know. I’m Sony. I didn’t mean that. I have 

    Ue        ? 
       ‘Yei‘As I wroteyou. Ifyou wilhrm                                   and 
                                                 '"ffffffffffffjn 
                                                                   tame haek 
    ffffffe. tSSUA that whyyou 

    home? Or haveyou come back home?                            produces the 
        ‘To see  the  children  And to give !°            tampering, the slip 

     cheque, double-signed a,ld                  and mtact and only a little 
     ofpaper more than ayear old, 

     worn                                                       to him 
                                          ,    Than it belongs 
                                         then. T 
        ‘ You, came home on his money 

         ‘No If yours! 
                 s 
        ‘ I refuse to accept it! 

         ‘So would he! 
         ‘ Then burn it.  Destroy it.                  to7      0U hke suffer 
                                                         /,,,  y 
         ‘ Why? Why do you wish to hurtyour  f               ^          mmhy 
1     mg, when there is so much of it t a     as   ,    me, from Ralph then. 

       Give it to the children  A bequest  Ifnvtfr^              ' 
I      He is still their uncle. He has not l’“g> ecl   ' Qh yes Wilbourne 
                                                  g 
                      ?’          Then she tells h                    the two 
                                                                    _ 
                                                    * 
i         ‘Abequest      he says.                                 lt 
                                                             ^ 
                                                      ^ 
i      told himself, she will tell him,  e c?>       i ove must have existe 

j      people between whom something 

 i                            i           *57 



once, or who at least had knowntogether the physical striving 
with which alone the flesh can try to capture what little it is 
ever to know of love Oh, she will tell him, he could see and 
hear her as she lays the cheque upon the table at her hand and 

tells him: 
    ‘It was a month ago.    It was all right,  only I kept on losing blood 

 and it got to be pretty bad.  Then all of a sudden two days ago the 

 blood stopped and so then is something wrong, which might be some- 

 thing badder still - what do they call it? toxaemia,  septicaemia? It 

                                                               ' 

 doesn't matter - that we an watchingfor. Waitingfor 
    The men who passed the bench he sat on walked in linen 
 suits, and now he began to notice a general exodus from the 
 park - the Negro nursemaids who managed to lend a quality 
 bizarre  and dazzling even to  their  starched white-crossed 
 blue,- the children moving with thin cries in bright random 
 like blownpetals, across the green. It was near noon, Charlotte 
 would have been m the house more than half an hour. Because 
  it will take that long, he thought seeing and hearing them: He 

  is trying to persuade her to go to a hospital at once, the best, the best 

  doctors; he will assume all blame, tell all the lies,  he insists, calm, 

  not at all importunate and not to be denied. 

              — 
     ‘No. H he knows a place  On the Mississippi coast.  We are 
  going there  We will get a doctor there if necessary.' 
     ‘ The Mississippi  coast?  Why in  God's name the  Mississippi 
  coast? A country doctor in a little lost Mississippi shrimping village 
  when m New Orleans there are the best, the very best - ' 
       We may not need a doctor after all. And we can live cheaper there 

   until we find out.' 
      ‘ You have money for coast vacations then ' 
      ‘ We have money.' It was dead noon now; the air fell still, the 
   stippled shadows unmoving upon his lap, upon the six bills m 
   his hand, the two twenties, the five, the three ones, hearing - 
   them, seeing them: 
      ‘ Take up the cheque again. It is not mine.' 

       ‘Normine. Let me go my way,  Francis. Ayear ago you lei me 
   choose and I chose. I will stick to it.  I won't have you retract, break 
   your oath to yourself. But I want to ask one thine of you 
       ‘Ofme? Afavour?' 
       Ifyou hke. I don't ask a promise. Maybe what I am trying to 

                                       158 



                                                        , 

  express isjust a wish. Not hope; wish. If anything happens to me.’ 
     "Ifanything happens toyou What am I to do?’ 

     1 

      Nothing/ 

     ‘Nothing?’ 

      Yes. Against him. I don’t ask itfor his sake nor evenfor mine. I 
 aik itfor the sake of— of— I don’t even know what I am trying to say 
 For the sake of all the men and women who ever lived and-blundered 
 but meant the best and all that ever will live and blunder but mean the 

 best. Foi your sake maybe, since yours is suffering too - if there is 

 any such thing as suffering, ifany ofus ever did, ifany ofns were ever 

 born strong enough andgood enough to be worthy to love or suffer either. 

 Maybe what I am trying to say is justice.’ 
    ‘Justice?’ And now he could hear Rittenmeyer laughing, 
 who had never laughed since laughter is the yesterday’s slight 
 beard,  the negligee among emotions                       ‘Justice? This,  to me? 
 Justice?’ Now she rises; he too' they face one another 

    ‘Ididn’t ask apiomise,’ she says. ‘ That would have been too much 

         ’ 
 to ask 

    ‘Ofme.’ 

                                                                 ’ 
     Ofanyone. Any man or woman. Not onlyyou 
    ‘But it is I who give none. Remember Remember I saidyou could 
 come back home whenyou wished, and I would takeyou back, into my 
house at least. But can you expect that again? pom any man? Tell 

                                                       ’ 
me, you spoke once ofjustice  tell me that 
                                     , 

     I don’t expect it.  I toldyou before that maybe what I was trying 
 to say was hope.’ She will turn now, he told himself, approaching the 

 door,  and they will stand looking at one another and maybe it will be 
like McCord and me in the  Chicago station that night last - He 
 stopped He was about to say ‘last year’ and he ceased and sat 
perfectly  still      and said aloud m quiet  amazement,  ‘That 
night was not five months ago/ And they will both know they 
will never see one another again andneither ofthem will say it  ‘ Good- 

bye, Rat,’ she says. And he will not answei               he thought No He 
null not answer, this man of ultimatums, upon whom for the rest of 
his hp willyearly devolve the necessity for decrees which he knows 
befoj ehand he cannot support, who would have denied the promise she 
did not askyet wouldperform the act and she to know this well, too 
well,  too well — this face impeccable and invincible upon which all 
existing light in the room will have seemed to gather as though in 



benediction, affirmation not oft ighteousncss but rightness, having been 

consistently and tnconft overftbly light; and withal tragic too, since in 

the being right there was nothing of consolation nor ofpeace . 

   Now it would be time  He rose from the bench and fol- 
 lowed the cuive of blanched oyster shells between the massy 
 bloom of oleandei  and wygelia,  jasmine,  japomca,  and 
 orange, towards the exit and the street, beneath the noon 
 The cab came up, slowing into the kerb, the driver opened the 
 door. ‘ Station,’ Wilboume said. 

    ‘Union Station 
    ‘No. The one for Mobile. The coast.’ He got in. The door 
 closed, the cab went on, the scaling palm tiunks began to 
 flee past. ‘Theywere both welP’ he said 

    ‘Listen,’ she said  ‘If we’re going to get it.’ 

    ‘Get iP’ 
    ‘You’ll know in time, won’t yoiP’ 
     ‘We’re not going to get anydung. I’m going to hold you. 
  Haven’t I held you so faP’ 
    ‘ Don’t be a fool now There’s no time now You’ll know in 

  time Get to hell out, do you heap’ 
     ‘OuP’ 
     Promise me. Don’t you know what they’ll  do to you ^ 
  You can’t lie  to  anybody, even if  you would  And you 
  couldn t help fne But you’ll know in time Just telephone an 
  ambulance or the police or something and wire Rat and get to 
  hell out fast. Promise me ’ 

     ‘I’m going to hold you,’ he said  ‘ That’s what I’ll promise 
  you They were both welP’ 
      ‘Yes,’ she said, the scaling palm trunks fled constantly past. 
   ‘ They were all right ’ 



                          OLD MAN 

When the woman asked him if he had a knife, standing 
there in the streaming bedticking garments which had got 
him shot at, the second time by a machine-gun, on the two 
occasions when he had seen any human life after leaving the 

levee four days ago, the convict felt exactly as he had in the 

fleeing skiff when the woman suggested that they had better 
hurry. He felt the same outrageous affronting of a condition 
purely moral, the same raging impotence to find any answer 
to it,  so that, standing above her, spent suffocating and in- 
articulate, it was a full minute before he comprehended that 
she was now crying, ‘The can! The can in the boat ! 5  He did 

not anticipate what she could want with it, he did not even 
wonder nor stop- to ask.  He turned running, this time he 
thought, It’s another moccasin as the thick body truncated in that 
awkward reflex which had nothing of alarm m it but only 
alertness, he not even shifting his stride though he knew his 
running foot would fall within a yard of the flat head  The 
bow of the skiff was well up the slope now where the wave 
had set it and there was another snake just crawling over the 
stern into it and as he stooped for the bailing can he saw 
something else  swimming towards the mound, he didnt 
know what — a head, a face at the apex of a vee of ripples  He 
snatched up the can; by pure juxtaposition of it and water he 
scooped it full, already turning. He saw the deer again, or 
another one That is, he saw a deer — a side glance, the light 
 smoke-coloured phantom in a cypress vista then gone, van- 
ished, he not pausing to look after it,  galloping back to the 
woman and kneeling with the can to her lips until she told 

him better. 
   It had contained a pint of beans or tomatoes, something 
                                                  of an axe hee 
 hermetically sealed and opened by four blows                    , 
 the metal flap turned back, the jagged edges razor-sharp. She 
 told him how, and he used this in lieu of a knife, he removed 
 one ofhis shoelaces and cut it m two with the sharp tin  Then 
 she wanted warm water - ‘IfI just had a little hot water,  she 

                               161 



                    i 

said in a weak serene voice without particular hope; only when 
he thought of matches it was again a good deal like when she 
had asked him if he had a knife, until she fumbled m the 
pocket of the shrunken tunic (it had a darker double vee on 
one cuff and a darker blotch on the shoulder where service 
stripes and a divisional emblem had been ripped off but this 
meant nothing to him) and produced a match-box contrived 
by telescoping two shotgun shells     So, he drew her back a 
little from the water and went to hunt wood dry enough to 
burn, thinking this time. It’sjust another snake, only, he said, 
he should have thought ten thousand othct snakes', and now he 
knew it was not the same deer because he saw three at one 
time, does or bucks he did not know which since they were 
all antlerless in May and besides he had never seen one of any 
land anywhere before except on a Christmas card; and then 
the rabbit, drowned, dead anyway, already torn open, the 
bird, the hawk standing upon it - the erected crest, the hard 
vicious patrician nose, the intolerant omnivorous yellow* eye 
- and he kicking at it,  lacking it lurching and broadwinged 

into the actual air 

   When he returned with the wood and the dead rabbit, the 
  a y, wrappe  in the tunic, lay wedged between two cypress- 
 knees and the woman was not in sight, though while the con- 
Ihe        T Z         bWlnS and arsing his meagre flame, 
 ThenTe  T            Takly fr0m 46 itectlon of the water, 
                            “ 
                               and there Produced from sotne- 
where he Z             ‘°1WV’    ShC herself PerhaPs         to 
 know™t,Uh “Tcomes>          no woman perhaps ever to know, 
mdv no woi! n“ 
 somewheresomewhemTt       7°°^                  *something 
             between sackcloth and silk - squatting  his own 
 ZSIT8m 1116 fce’S heat>  he '^chedher bathe 

                                    and 
                                          “ 
 mm :zzrri                                        ** 
 looking dmfnltVt?£££%**?                                b °*> 
 sembhng nothing, and thought! Tdms Zltp 
                             6          Zlts aU'   This is  Z 
 severed me violently fm™ t     ,                         what 
 cast m upd!TtiZ fi77^^d!dnMf°                             «* 
place                                       ete^ U  at ,ast 
      I never saw befoie and m)  J"      *f      P           a 
   Then he returned                         hlm •*"I 
            returned to 1 
                     to the water and refilled the baling can. 

                              16Z 



Itwas drawing towards sunset now (orwhat would have been 
sunset save for the high prevailing overcast) of this day whose 
beginning he could not even remember, when he returned to 
where the fire burned in the interlaced gloom ofthe cypresses, 
even after this short absence, evening had definitely come, as 
though darkness too had taken refuge upon that quarter- 
acre mound, that earthen Ark out of Genesis, that dim wet 
cypress-choked hfe-teeming constricted desolation in what 
direction and how far from what and where he had no more 
idea than of the day of the month, and had now with the 
setting of the sun crept forth again to spread upon the waters 
He 'Stewed the rabbit m sections while the fire burned redder 
and redder in the darkness where the shy wild eyes of small 
animals - once the tall mild almost plate-sized stare of one of 
the deer - glowed and vanished and glowed again, the broth 
hot and rank after the four days, he seemed to hear the roar 
ofhis own saliva as he watched the woman sip the first can-full. 
Then he drank too; they ate the other fragments which had 
been charring and scorching on willow twigs; it was foil mght 

       £ 
now. You and him better sleep m the boat,’ the convict said 
cWewant to get an early start tomoirow.’ He shoved the bow 

of the skiff off the land so it would he level, he lengthened the 
painter with a piece of grapevine, and returned to the fire and 
tied the grapevine about his wrist and lay down It was mud 
he lay upon, but it was solid underneath, it was earth, it did 
hot move, if you fell upon it you broke your bones against 
its incontrovertible passivity sometimes, but it did not accept 
you substanceless and enveloping and suffocating, down and 
 down and down, it v/as hard at  times to drive a plough 
through, it sent you spent, weary, and cursing its light-long 
insatiable demands back to your bunk at sunset at times, but 
it did not snatch youviolently out of all familiar knowing and 
 sweep you thrall and impotent for days against any returning. 
I don’t know where I am and I don’t reckon I know the way back to 
where I want to go}  he thought. But at least the boat has stopped 

long enough to give me a chance to turn it around. 
   Hewaked at dawn, the light faint, the sky jonquil-coloured; 
 the day would be fine  The fire had burned out; on the op- 
posite side of the cold ashes lay three snakes motionless and 

                                   165 



parallel  as  underscoring, and m the  swiftly making light 
others seemed to materialize: earth which an instant before 
had been mere earth broke up into motionless coils and loops, 
branches which a moment before had been mere branches 
now become immobile ophidian festoons even as the convict 
stood thinking about food, about something hot before thev 
started But he decided against this, against wasting this much 
time, since there still remained in the skiff quite a few of the 
rock-like objects which the shanty woman had flung into it, 
besides (thinkingthis) no matter how fast nor successfully he 
hunted, he would never be able to lay up enough food to get 
them back to where they wanted to go. So he returned to the 
skiff, paying himself back to it  by his vine-spliced painter, 
back to the water on which a low mist, thick as cotton batting 
 (thoughapparently not very tall, deep) lay, in which the stern 
of the skiff was already beginning to disappear although it lay 
with its  prow almost touching the mound  The woman 
waked stirred.  ‘Wefixing to start now>’ she said. 
   Yah/ the convict said    ‘Youain’t aiming to have another 
one this morning, are you?’ He got in and shoved the skiff 
clear of the land, which immediately began to dissolve into the 

         ^^ 
                tllC     he Said °Ver 
                                      ^ 
                                         shoulder, not turning 
yet 

   ‘The oar?’ 

                                      ’ 
                             oar‘          r 
                                 ^ 
was not Tnd                        ou re Mmg on it ’ But she 
                                                   4         1 
                    “ 
            » 2  ^           nt0  “le  mist  TT          r 
enrloQ^       i n-                          'which seemed to 
                                                  WOQl     e a 
                              jewel, the convict         k 
in dismav hm- mti, + r                           squatted not 
               “           c       tom     d outrage    a 
                  f                                  of  man 
                             atm  t “ 
following two-ounce                             Stmck by 4116 
this the more         paper weightwWh            Slttmg °n 
               unbearable because L ^T 
                                      ^ 
life had he less time tn                new t^lat never in his 

                                   t0 
                                         ^ 
Grasping the                                 dld not hesitate 
              grapevine endh"^ 
>ng in the vtolent a«on n/ ?Tg ln ‘° the ™*r, varnsh- 
chmbing and (who had tie       climbing and reappeared still 

threshe!                                                  “d 
          on                           V°  ^ 
trough the water ^u^o^^X 
                                          had d^VeZSy 



                                                                , 

   and scrabbled up the muddy slope and lay gasping and pant- 
   mg, still clutching the giapevme end. 
            thc first tlun§ he dld was to choose what he beheved 
   . 
   to be the most suitable tree (for an instant m which he knew 
   he was insane he thought of trying to saw it down with the 
    ange of the bailing can) and built a fire against the butt of it. 
   i hen he went to seek food. He spent the next six days seeking 
  n, while the tree burned through and fell and burned through 
  again at  the proper length and he, nursing little  constant 
  mnmng flames along the flanks of the log to make it paddle- 
  shaped, nursing them at night too, while the woman and baby 
  (it was eating, nursing now, he turning his back or even 
  returning into the woods each time she prepared to open the 
   a ed tunic) slept in the skiff. He learned to watch for stooping 
    awks and so found more rabbits and twice opossums, they 
  ate some drowned fish which gave them both a rash and then a 
  violent flux and one snake which the woman thought was 
  turtle and which did them no harm, and one night it rained 
  and he got up and dragged brush, shaking the snakes (he no 

  onger thought. It ain't nothing but another moccasin  he just 
  stepped aside for them as they, when there was time, telescop- 
 ed sullenly aside for him) out of it with the old former feeling 
 °f personal invulnerability and built a shelter and the ram 
 stopped at once and did not recommence and the womanwent 
 back to the skiff. 

    Then one night - the slow tedious charring log was almost 
 a paddle now - one mght and he was mbed, m his bed m the 
 bunkhouse and it was cold, he was trying to pull the covers 
 UP oaly his mule wouldn’t let him, prodding and bumping 

 heavily at him, trying to get into the narrow bed with him and 
 £°w the bed was cold too and wet and he was trying to get 
 out of it only the mule would not let him, holding him by his 
 belt in its teeth,  erlang and bumpmg him back into the cold 

                    j 

Wet bed and, leaning, gave him a long swipe across the face 
with its cold, limber musculated tongue and he waked to no 
      no coal even beneath where the almost-finished paddle 
had been charring and something else prolonged and coldly 
limber passed swiftly across his body where he lay m four 
niches of water while the nose of the skiff alternately tugged 



                                                           w          . 

at the grapevine tied about his waist and bumped and shoved 
him back into the water again. Then something else came 
up and began to nudge at his ankle (the iog, the oar, it was) 
even as he groped frantically for die skiff, hearing the swift 
rustling going to and fro inside the hull as the woman began 
to thrash about and scream.  ‘Rats!’ she cried. € It’s  full of 

     ! 

rats 

   'Lay still!’ he cried.  ‘It’s just snakes. Can’t you hold still 
long enough for me to find the boat?’ Then he found it, he 
got into it with the unfinished paddle; again the thick muscu- 
lar body convulsed under his foot; it did not strike; he would 
not have cared, glaring astern where he could see a litde - the 
faint outer luminosity of the open water. Hepoled towards it, 
thrusting aside the snake-looped branches, the bottom of the 
 skiff resounding famdy to  thick  solid plops,  the woman 
shrieking steadily. Then the skiff was clear of the trees, the 
mound, and now he could feel the bodies whipping about his 
ankles and hear the rasp ofthem as they went over the gunwale. 
He drew the log in and scooped it forwards along the bottom 
 of the boat and up and out; against the pallid water he could 
 see three more of them in lashing convolutions before they 
 yarns e        utup! he cried.  Hush! I wish I was a snake so 
 i could get out too !  ’ 

           Te jTe ** pale and heat!ess wafer d«c of the 
 o, int A  01™dld at &e sklff (whetherthe5' were moving 
 bar*::                   n0lka0w) ln lts “mbuS of fine cotton 
           h      nV    WaS 
                                 nng agam thtlt sound which he 
 had hSrd L? r  T 
 of dehbelrr  f°re               W°Uld nCTer foreet - *at sound 
 Buttisrtr  d n0t  a,?d monsti°nsly disturbed water, 
                                   &0mwhat Action it came. It 
          to be          a 
                         herei waxmg aQd fed            * 
  Smberrr                                         “g=        as m* 

                                                             **“ 
 onthepointofoverwhr^TeSwiSinth^ 

                                          “ 
 skiff                                     e Was ah°ut to dnTC the 
      point-blank into it and™.*, i! 
 colour and texture of sooty^bncL* V?&ushed Paddl<=  °fthe 
 ont of an old chimney by beavers                             *“^*d 



dead ahead ofhim again. Then something bellowed tremend- 
ously above his head, he heard human voices, a bell jangled 
and the sound ceased and the mist vanished as when you 
diaw your hand actoss a frosted pane, and the skiff now lay 
upon a sunny glitter of brown water flank to flank with, and 
about thirty yards away from, a steamboat. The decks were 
ciowded and packed with men, women, and children, sitting 
or standing beside and among a homely conglomeration of 
hurried furniture, who looked mournfully and silently down 
into the skiffwhile the convict and the man with a megaphone 
in the pilot house talked to each other in alternate puny shouts 

and roars above the chuffing of the reversed engines: 

                                                                         5 
    ‘Whatin hell are you trying to do? Commit suicide? 

                                                 5 
    ‘Whichis the way to Vicksburg ? 
    ‘Vicksburg? Vicksburg? Lay alongside and come aboard. 

                                          5 
    ‘Will you take the boat too ? 
    ‘Boat? Boat?5       Now the megaphone cursed, the roaring 
waves of blasphemy and biological supposition empty caver- 
nous and bodiless m turn, as if the water, the air, the mist had 
 spoken it,  roaring the words then taking them back to itself 
and no harm done, no scar, no insult left anywhere  If I took 
aboard every floating sardine can you sonabitchm mushrats 
Want me to I wouldn5t even have room forrard for a leadsman. 
 Come aboard! Doyou expect me to hang here on stemengines 

                     ’ 
till hell freezes ? 
    ‘I ain't coming without the boat,5             the convict said  Now 
 another voice spoke, so calm and mild and sensible t  at  or a 
 moment it sounded more foreign and out of place t  an even 
 the megaphoned bellowing and bodiless profanity. 

                                                5 
                                               ? 
    ‘Whereis it you are trying to go 
                                                                                , 
    ‘I ain’t trying 5     the convict said.        I m going        arc man. 
 The                   ,   spoken last turned and appeare              to con 
       man who had 
 verse with a third man in the pilot house. Then  e  oor 

 down at the skiff again. 

                     5 
    ‘Carnarvon? 
    ‘What? 5    the convict said  ‘Parchman? 
                                                 We’ll put you off where 
    ‘All right. We’re going that way. 
 you can get home Come aboard. 
    ‘ Theboat too ? 5 

                                       167 



   ‘Yes, yes. Come along. We’re burning coal just to talk to 
     5     the convict came alongside then and watched them 
you  So 
help the woman and baby over the rail and he came aboard 
himself, though he still held to the end of the vine-spliced 
painter until the skiff was hoisted on to the boiler deck.  ‘My 
God,’ the man, the gentle one, said, ‘is that what you have 
been using for a paddle 

   ‘Yah,’ the convict said. ‘I lost the plank.’ 

    ‘Theplank,’ the mild man (the convict told how he seemed 
to whisper it),    ‘the plank. Well. Come along and get some- 
thing to eat. Your boat is all right now.’ 
   ‘I reckon I’ll wait here,’ the convict said. Because now, he 
told them, he began to notice for the first time that the other 
people, the other refugees who crowded the deck, who had 
gathered in a quiet circle about the upturned skiff on which 
he and the woman sat, the grapevine painter wrapped several 
times about his wrist and clutched in his hand, staring at him 
 and the woman with queer hot mournful intensity, were not 
white people - 
    ‘Youmean ruggers?’ the plump convict said. 

                            ’ 
    ‘.No. NotAmericans 
    ‘NotAmericans  You was clean out ofAmerica even?’ 
    ‘I don’t know,’ the tall  one said.  ‘They called it Atcha- 
 ralaya   .Because after a while he said, ‘What?’ to the man and 
 the man did it again, gobble-gobble - 
     Gobble-gobble- the plump convict said. 
     That’s the way they talked,’ the tali’ one said.  ‘Gobble- 
 H  le’  Tkng’      caw- caw-to-‘° ’  And he sat there and watched 
 them gobbling at one another and then looking at him again, 
 i            e    acb and the mild man (he wore a Red Cross 
             6n      ’ f°U°Wed by a W31tet W,th a tra           of food- 
 The                     J                                    y 
 The mild man carried two glasses of whisky. 
 woman          S  the “A®3” sald  <Th^ ™11 warm you.’ The 
           tnot i. 
                                    1E but **“ con™?t to>d how he 
 looked at his 
                          Ug          V *“Sted ' 
 had not a^th” h ?             ’ l "           vhlskJ » sevenyears. He 
 back m a cine h ^ A.6 before that’  11 was at the stdl 1(self 

                           ’ 
                                 ™ 
 w.& four clt                      °  Seventeen-    he had gone there 
                                      wl 
           y  wo or three, r                      re grown 
                     X; the G             rT 
                                  other about forty, he remembered 

                                   168 

                                     i 



-  &Tha* is, he remembered perhaps a third of that evening - a 
   fierce turmoil in the hell-coloured firelight, the shock and 
   shock of blows about his head (andlikewise of his own fists 
   on other hard bone), then the waking to a splitting and blind- 
  in  sun 
r    g     - iti a place, a cowshed, he had never seen before and 
  which later turned out to be twenty miles from his home He 
  said he thought of this  and he looked about at the faces 
  watching him and he said: 
     ‘Ireckonnot/ 
     ‘Come, come/ the mild man said.  ‘Drinkit/ 

    £                   ’ 
      I don’t want it 
     ‘Nonsense/ the mild man said.  ‘I’m a doctor. Here. Then 
  you can eat.’ So he took the glass and even then he hesitated 
  but again the mild man said,  ‘Come along, down with it* 
  you’re still holding us up/ in that voice still calm and sensible 
 but a little sharp too - the voice of a man who could keep 
  calm and affable because he wasn’t used to being crossed - and 
 he drank the whisky and even in the second between the 
 sweet full fire in his belly and when it began to happen he was 
 trying to say, ‘I tried                1   tried to!’ But it was 
                            to tell you I                            too 
, late now m the pallid sun-glare of the tenth day of terror and 
 hopelessness and despair and impotence and rage and outrage 
 and it was himself and the mule, his mule (they had let him 
 name it - John Henry) which no man save he had ploughed 
 for five years now and whose ways and habits he knew and 
 respected and who knewhis ways and habits so well that each 
 of them could anticipate the other’s very movements and 
 intentions  it was himself and the mule, the little  gobbling 
 faces flying before them, the familiar hard skull-bones shock- 
 ing against his  fists,  his voice shouting,  ‘Come on, John 
 Henry' Plough them down! Gobble them down, boy!’ even 
 as the bright, hot, red wave turned back, meeting it joyously, 
 happily, lifted, poised, then hurling through space, trium- 
phant and yelling, then again the old shocking blow at the 
back of his head' he lay on the deck, flat on his back and pin- 
ned arm and leg and cold sober again, his nostrils gushing 
again, the mild man stooping over him, with behind the thm 
                                                                     - 
rimless glasses the coldest eyes the convict had ever seen 
eyes which the convict said were not looking at him but at the 

                                  169 



 ashing blood with nothing mthe world in them but complete 
g 
impersonal interest. 
   ‘Goodman,* the mild man said.  ‘Plenty of life in the old 
carcass yet, eh? Plenty of good red blood too. Anyone ^ever 
suggest to you that you were haemophikc? ’          (‘What?’ the 
plump convict said.      ‘Haemophikc? You know what that 
 means?’ The tall  convict had his cigarette going now, his 
 body jack-knifed backwards into the coffin-hke space between 
 the upper and lower bunks, lean, clean, motionless, the blue 
 smoke wreathing across his lean daik aquiline shaven face. 
 ‘That’s a calf that’s a bull and a cow at the same time.’ 
    ‘No, it ain’t,’ a third convict said. ‘It’s a calf or a colt that 

 ain’t neither one.’ 
    ‘Hell fire,’ the plump one said.  ‘He’s got to be one or the 
  other to keep from droundmg.’ He had never ceased to look 
  at the tall one in the bunk, now he spoke to him again. ‘You 
  let him call you that?’) The tall one had done so He did not 
  answer the doctor (this was where he stopped thinking of 
  him as the mild man) at all. He could not move either, though 
  he felt fine, he felt better than he had m ten days. So they 
  helped him to his feet and steadied him over and lowered him 
  on to the upturned skiff beside the woman, where he sat bent 
  forward, elbows on knees in the immemorial attitude, watch- 
  ing his own bright crimson staining the mud-trodden deck, 
  until the doctor’s clean clipped hand appeared under his nose 
  with a phial 
      Smell,’ the doctor said.  ‘Deep.’ The convict inhaled, the 
   sharp ammoniac sensation burned up his nostrils and into his 
   throat  Again,’ the doctor said  The convict inhaled obed- 
   iently. This time he choked and spat a gout ofblood, his nose 
   now had no more feeling than a toe-nail, other than it felt 
   about the size of a ten-inch shovel, and as cold. 
      ^1 ask you to excuse me,’ he said  ‘I never meant — 
       Why?  the doctor said.     ‘You put up as pietty a scrap 
    against forty or fifty men as I ever saw. You lasted a good two 
    seconds Now you can eat something. Or do you think that 
    win send you haywire again?’ 
      They both ate, sitting on the skiff, the gobbling faces no 
    longer watching them now, the convict gnawing slowly and 

                                  170 



painfully at the thick sandwich, hunched, his face laid side- 
ways to the food and parallel to the earth as a dog chews, the 
 steamboatwent on. At noon there were bowls ofhot soup and 
bread and more coffee, they ate this too, sitting side by side 
 on the skiff, the grapevine still wrapped about the convict’s 
wrist  The baby waked and nursed and slept agam and they 

'talked quietly: 

   ‘Wasit Parchman he said he was going to take us?’ 
   ‘That’s where I told him I wanted to go.’ 
‘  ‘It never sounded exactly like Parchman to me It sounded 

 like he said something else.’ The convict had thought that too 
 He had been thinking about that fairly soberly ever since they 
boarded the steamboat and soberly indeed ever since he had 
 remarked the nature of the other passengers, those men and 
 women definitely a little shorter than he and with skin a little 
 different in pigmentation from any sunburn, even though the 
 eyes were sometimes blue or grey, who talked to one another 
 in a tongue he had never heard before and who apparently 
 did not understand his own, people the like of whom he had 
 never seen about Parchman nor anywhere else and whom he 
 did not believe were going there or beyond there either. But 
 after his hill-billy country fashion and kind he would not ask, 
 because to his raising asking information was asking a favour 
 and you did not ask favours of strangers, if they offered them 
 perhaps you accepted and you expressed gratitude almost 
 tediously recapitulant, but you did not ask So he would watc 1 
 and wait, as he had done before, and do or try to do to the best 

 of his ability what the best of his judgement dictated. 
   So he waited, and in mid afternoon the steamboat chuffed 
 and thrust through a  willow-choked gorge and emerge 
 from it, and now the convict knew it was the River. He cou 
 believe it now — the tremendous reach, yellow and s eepy in 
 the afternoon - (‘Because it’s too big,’ he told them so er y. 
 ‘Ain’t no flood in the world big enough to make it       o more 
 than stand a little higher so it can look back and see just where 
 the fleams, just exactly where to scratch It s the httle ones, t e 
 little piddling creeks that run backwards one da> find  onvar s 
 the next and come busting down on a man full o        ea  mu cs 
 and hen houses’) — and the steamboat moving up t. is  no 

                                171 



{like an ant crossing a plate, the convict thought, sitting beside 

the woman on the upturned skiff,  the baby nursing again, 

apparently looking too, out across the water where, a mile 

away on either hand, the twin lines of levee resembled parallel 
unbroken floating thread) and then it was nearing sunset and 
he began to hear, to notice, the voices of the doctor and ofthe 
man who had first bawled at him through the megaphone 
now bawling again from the pilot house overhead: 

                                                   ’ 
   ‘Stop? Stop^ Am I running a street car'4 

   ‘ Stop for the novelty then,’ the doctor’s pleasant voice said. 

    ‘I don’t know how many trips back and forth you have 
made in yonder nor how many of what you call mushrats you 
 have fetched out But this is the first time you ever had two 
         - 
 people    no, three - who not only knew the name of some 
 place they wished to go to but were actually trying to go 
 there ’ So the convict waited while the sun slanted more and 

 more and the steamboat-ant crawled steadily on across its 
 vacant and gigantic plate turning more and more to copper. 
 But he did not ask, he just waited. Maybe it mas Carrollton he 
 said, he thought It begun with a C. But he did not believe that 
 either  He did not know where he was, but he did know that 
 this was not anywhere near the Carrollton he remembered 
 from that day seven years ago when, shackled wrist to wrist 
 with the deputy sheriff, he had passed through it on the tram - 
 the slow spaced repeated shattering banging of trucks where 
  two railroads crossed, a random scattering of white houses 
  tranquil among trees  on green hills  lush with summer, a 
 pointing spire, the finger of the hand of God. But there was 
  no river t  ere. Andyou am t never close to this river without knowing 
  it, he thought I don’t care whoyou are nor whereyou have been all 
 jm ife       en t  e head of the steamboat began to swing across 
   he stream, its shadow swinging too, travelling long before it 
        S     Watef 
                                ^ 
                                    VaCant ndge of billow-massed 
  eaith emnr     f  l’l 
                °5a11 llfe‘ There was n°thmgthere at all, the con- 
                     en  eC eltllGr Cartil °r bater beyond it, it was 
  as though        T  ! 
  the                amb at       "6 ab°Ut t0 crash sl °bly through 
       thin low f    i    u    T 
   acWthis       T              i        and embark         "pace, or 
                                       01 and ^embark him into 
  space,space lrald7 
          granted it was about to disembark him, granted this 

                                   172 



was that place which, was not near Parchman and was not Car- 
rollton either,  even though it  did begin with c  Then he 
turned his head and saw the doctor stooping over the woman, 
pushing the baby’s eyelid up with his  forefinger, peering 

at it. 

   ‘Whoelse was there when he came?’ the doctor said. 
   ‘Nobody/ the convict said.  f 
   ‘Didit all yourselves, eh?5 

   ‘Yes/ the convict said.  Now the doctor stood up and 

looked at the convict. 

   ‘This is Carnarvon/ he said. 
   ‘Carnarvon^’ the convict said.          ‘That ain’t       Then he 
stopped, ceased. And now he told about that - the intent eyes 
as dispassionate as ice behind the rimless glasses, the clipped 
quick-tempered face that was not accustomed to being crossed 
or lied to either. (‘Yes/ the plump convict said. ‘That’s what 
I was aiming to ask. Them clothes. Anybody would know 
                                                                     - 
them. How if this doctor was as smart as you claim he was 
   ‘I had slept m them for ten nights, mostly m the mud/ the 
tall one said.  ‘I had been rowing since midnight with that 
sapling oar I had tried to burn out that I never had time to 
scrape the soot off. But it’s bemg scared and worried and then 
scared and then worried again in clothes for days and days and 
days that changes the way they look. I don’t mean just your 
pants.’  He did not laugh.         ‘Your face  too.  That doctor 

knowed.’ 
   ‘All right/ the plump one said  ‘Go on.’) 
   ‘I know it/ the doctor said.  ‘I discovered that while you 
"were lying on the deck yonder sobering up again. Nov/ don t 
he to me. I don’t like lying. This boat is  going to New 

  /No/ the convict said immediately, quietly, with absolute 
                                        -     thuck-thuck-thuck on 
finality. He could hear them again        the 
the water where an instant before he had been. But he was 
not thinking of the bullets. He had forgotten them, forgiven 
them He was thinking ofhimself crouching, sobbing, panting 
before running again - the voice, the indictment, the cry o 
final and irrevocable repudiation of the old prim?            ait i es*. 
Manipulator of all the lust and folly and injustice: ^3         /A  L'" 

                                  173 



world Iwanted wasjust to surrender.;      thinking ofit, remembering 
it but without heat now, without passion now and briefer than 
an epitaph: No I it ted that once.  They shot at me. 
    ‘ So you don’t want to go to New Orleans. And you didn’t 
 exacdy plan to go to Carnarvon. But you will take Carnarvon 
 mpreference to New Orleans.’ The convict said nothing. The 

 doctor looked at him, the magnified pupils like the heads of 
               nails.  ‘Whatwere you in            ?                     than 
 two bridge                                    for  Hit him harder 
 you thought, elP’ 
     ‘No. I tried to rob a train.’ 

     ‘Say that again.’ The convict said it again.  ‘WelP Go on 
 You don’t say that in the year 1927 and just stop, man.’ So the 
 convict told it, dispassionately too - about the magazines, the 
 pistol which would not shoot, the mask, and the dark lantern 
 in which no draft had been arranged to keep the candle burn- 
  ing so that it died almost with the match but even then left 
  the metal too hot to carry, won with subscriptions                  Only it 
  ain't my eyes or my mouth either he's watching, he thought. It's like 
  he is watching the way my hair grows on my head. ‘I see,’ the doctor 
  said   ‘But something went wrong. But you’ve had plenty of 
  time to think about it since. To decide what was wrong, what 
  you failed to do.’ 
      Yes, the convict said. ‘ I’ve thought about it a right smart 

         ’ 
  since 

      S° ne^t time you are not going to make that mistake.’ 

     £ 
      I don t know, the convict said. ‘Thereain’t gome-to be a 

  next time.’ 

      Why^ If you know what you did wrong, they won’t catch 
  you next time.’ 
     The convict looked at the doctor steadily. They looked at 
  each other steadily, the two sets of eyes were not so different 
         aY CT rec on J see w^at y°u mean,’ the convict said 

  p                    elg    een 
                                   ^ 
        h        r*                       Fm twenty-five now.’ 
          ’      d°Ctor sal 
                                        (tiie 
       ° 
  d                  m Ve f                  convict tried to tell it) the 
                        ?   ’ k® J ust Simply quit looking at the con- 
  vict  He nrnd 
                          & 
                                                              ' 
                                     ° 
                                      f Cheap 
                            ^ 
   ‘ Smokedhe ^id.                              clgafettes flom         coat* 

      'I wouldn’t care for none,’ the convict said. 

      Qmte, the doctor said in that affable, clipped voice. Heput 

                                      174      , 



the cigarettes away. ‘There has been conferred upon my race 
 (the Medical race) also the power to bind and to loose, if not 
by Jehovah perhaps, certainly by the American Medical Asso- 
ciation - on which incidentally, in this day of Our Lord, I 
would put my money, at any odds, at any amount, at any 
time I don’t know just how far out of bounds I am on this 

specific occasion but I think we’ll put it  to the touch.’ He 
cupped his hands to his mouth, towards the pilot house over- 
head. ‘ Captain! ’                    ‘       put these three passengers 
                      he shouted.  We’ll 
ashore here.’ He turned to the convict again  ‘Yes,’ he said, 

C                                                                              ’ 
 I think I shall let your native State lick its own vomit Here 
Again his hand emerged from his pocket, this time with a bill 

in it. 

         5 
    ‘No, ' the convict said. 
    ‘Come, come; I don’t like to be disputed either.’ 

                                                                             ’ 
    ‘No,’ the convict said. ‘I ain’t got any way to pay it back 

                                           ’ 
    ‘Did 1 ask you to pay it back-5 

    ‘No,’ the convict said. ‘I never asked to borrow it either.’ 
   So once more he stood on dry land, who had already been 
toyed with twice by that risible and concentrated power of 
water, once more than should have fallen to the lot of any one 
man, any one lifetime, yet for whom there was reserved still 
another unbelievable recapitulation, he and the woman stand- 
ing on the empty levee, the sleeping child wrapped m the 
faded tunic and the grapevine painter still wrapped about the 
convict’s wrist, watching the steamboat back away and turn 
and once more crawl onwards up the platter-like reach of 
vacant water, burnished more and more to copper, its trailing 
 smoke roiling in slow,  copper-edged gouts,  thinning out 
along the water, fading, stinking away across the vast serene 
desolation, the boat growing smaller and smaller until it di 
not seem to crawl at all but to hang stationary m the airy sub- 
 stanceless sunset, dissolving into nothing like a pellet of  oat 

mg mud 
   Then he turned and for the first time looked about him, 
behind him, recoiling, not through fear but through pure 
 tefiex and not physically but the soul, the spirit, mat pro 
 found, sober, alert attentiveness of the hillman who will not 
 ask anything of strangers, not even information, t  in ang 

                                     *75 



             This ain't Canollton neither. Because he nov* looked 
quietly, No. 
down the almost perpendicular landward slope of the levee 
tlnough sixty feet of absolute space, upon a surface, a terrain 
flat as a waffle and of the colour of a waffle or perhaps of the 
summer coat of a claybank hoise and possessing that same 
piled density of a rug or peltry, spreading away without undu- 

 lation  yet  with that  curious  appearance  of imponderable 
 solidity like fluid, broken here and there by duck humps of 
 arsenical green which nevertheless still seemed to possess no 
 height and by wnthen veins of the colour of ink which he 
 began to suspect to be actual water but with  judgement 

 reserved, with judgement still reserved even when presently 
 he was walking m it. That’s what he said, told: So they went 
 on He didn’t tell how he got the skiff single-handed up the 
 revetment and across the ciown and down the opposite sixty 
 footdrop, he just said he went on, m a swirling cloud of mos- 
 quitoes like hot cinders, thrusting and plunging through the 
  saw-edged grass which grew taller than his head and which 
 whipped back at his arms and face like limber knives, drag- 
  ging by the vine-spliced painter the skiff in which the woman 
  sat, slogging and stumbling knee-deep in something less of 
  earth than water, along one of those black, winding channels, 
  less of water than earth: and then (hewas in the skiff too now, 
  paddling with the charred log, what footing there had been 
  having given away beneath him without warning thirty 
  minutes ago, leaving only the air-filled bubble of his jumper- 
  back ballooning lightly on the twilit water until he rose to the 
   surface and scrambled into the skiff) the house, the cabin a 
  little larger than a horse-box, of cypress boards and an iron 
   roof, rising on ten-foot stilts, slender as spiders’ legs, like a 
   shabby and death-stricken (and probably poisonous) wading 
   creature which had got that far into that flat waste and died 
   with nothing nowhere in reach or sight to he down upon, a 
   pirogue tied to the foot of a crude ladder, a man standing in 
   t  e open  oor holding a lantern (it was that dark now) above 
   his head, gobbling down at them. 
      He told it - of the next eight or nine or ten days, he did not 
   remember winch, while the four of them - himself and the 
   v. oman and baby and the little wiry man with rotting teeth 

                                  176 



and soft wild bright eyes like a rat or a chipmunk, whose 
language neither of them could understand - lived m the 
room and a half. He did not tell it that way, just as he appar- 
ently did not consider it worth the breath to tell how he had 
got the hundred-and-sixty-pound skiff single-handed up and 
across and down the sixty-foot levee  He just said,  ‘After a 
while we come to a house and we stayed there eight or nine 
 days then they blew up the levee with dynamite so we had to 
leave.’ That was all. But he remembered it, but quietly now, 
 with the cigai now, the good one the Warden had given him 
 (though not lighted yet) in his peaceful and steadfast hand, 
 remembering that first morning when he waked on the thin 
 pallet beside his host (the woman and baby had the one bed) 
 with the fierce sun already latticed through the warped rough 
 planking of the wall, and stood on the rickety porch, looking 
 out upon that flat fecundwaste, neither earth nor water, where 
 even the senses doubted which was which, which rich and 
 massy air and which mazy and impalpable vegetation, and 
 thought quietly. He must do something here to eat and live       But I 
 don’t know what. Hnduntil I can go on again, until I can find where 
 I am andhow to pass that town without them seeing me, I will have to 

 help him do it, so we can eat and live too, and I don t know what 
 he had a change of clothing too, almost at once on that             rst 
 mormng, not telling any more than he had about the s               an 
 the levee how he had begged, borrowed or bought from t  e 
 man whom he had not laid eyes on twelve hours ago an  wit 
 whom on the day he saw him for the last time he stil            cou 
 exchange no word, the pair of dungaree pants which even t 
  Cajan had discarded as no longer wearable, filthy,         utto   ess, 
  the legs slashed and frayed into fringe hke that on an i           90 
 hammock, m which he stood naked from the waist up an 
  holding .out to her the mud-caked and soot-staine            jumpe 

  and                               waked on that first 
       overall when the woman                                         , 
  the crude bunk, nailed into one corner and fi         e  wi 
  grass, saying, ‘Washthem Good. I want all them s am 

  All of them ’ 
                                                         ,  , * irf too ? 
     ‘But the jumper,’ she said  ‘Ain’t he got etc o 
  That sun and them mosquitoes          But he did not even           ’ 
  and she said no more either, though when he an 

                                   177 



            T                                                     v 

 returned at dark the garments wcie clean* stained a little full 
 with the old mud and soot, but clean, resembling again \ hat 
 they were supposed to resemble as (his aims and back ahead 
 a fiery red which would be blisters b) tomorrow) he spread 
 the garments out and examined them and then rolled them up 
 carefully m a six-months-old New Orleans paper and thrust 
 the bundle behind a rafter,  where it      remained while da} 
 followed day and the blisters  on his back broke and sup- 
 purated and he would sit with his  face expressionless as a 
 wooden mask beneath the sweat, while the Cajan doped \vs 
 back with something on a filthy rag from a filth}  saucer, she 
 still  saying nothmg since she too doubtless knew what his 
 reason w^as, not from that lapport of the wedded conferred 
 upon her by the two weeks during which the}  had jointly 
 suffered all  the crises  emotional social  economic and even 
 moral which do not always occur even in the ordinary fifty 
 married years  (the old married:  you have seen them, the 
 electroplate  reproductions,  the thousand identical  coupled 
 faces with only a collarless stud or a fichu out of Louisa Alcott 
 to denote the sex, looking in pairs like the winning braces of 
   ogs after a field tnal, out from among the packed columns of 
  isaster  and alarm  and baseless  assurance and hope and 
 incredible insensitivity and insulation from tomorrow, prop- 
 ped by a thousand morning sugar bowls or coflee urns, or 

         r 
 S’ °ckm5 on P°rches or sitting in the sun beneath the 
 as though amfu  ?0r^1C °   °f a thousand count} court-houses, 

                    6 
                       ^ 
                            ° 
 of emven      enC           f ** 0ther ha™g inherited a sort 

                                  rehct 
                      “^’ 
                                         the>’ 
                                              ^ 
                                       >           * new lease on 
 b eaTand       m ^ 1             ™ 
 old ceremonv                        th °U§h Aat flesh *hlch the 
 one hadTctnlli^  Z           m°rally ?Unfied and made ^gally 

                     C 
                      ° 
~                      me S ° Wlth l0n   ted 
                                             ^ 
 she who        J                      g         habit and he or 
           I ^ 
                                   t0 °k aH °f ^      him or her, 
 j twnzoTttold 
                      pea      at endurlng bone, free and tram- 
 melless) - Zot her        f^ 
                                              $he tGO            " 
                                 ^ 
 med at some DornTf"        1                          had stera 

                                              ' 
    So the bundle remained h £*7 ?“hlll bred Abraham 
 day while he and his partne.te t                   day f°1Wd 
 his host, hunting alligators oiflh        partneishlP now with 
 it - £ Halvers ? 5  thethe Nun-m shaies= °n the halvers he called 
                     plump convict said.  ‘Howcould you make 

                               178 



a business agreementwith a man you claim you couldn’t even 

talk to?’ 

   ‘I never had to talk to him/ the tall one said  ‘Moneyain’t 
got but one language’) departed at dawn each day, at first 
together in the pirogue but later singly, the one in the pirogue 
and the other in the skiff, the one with the battered and pitted 
rifle, the other with the knife and a piece of knotted rope and a 
lightwood club the size and weight and shape of a Thunngian 
mace, stalking their pleistocene nightmares up and down the 
secret channels which writhed the flat brass-coloured land. He 
remembered that too: that first morning when turning m the 
 sunrise fromthe rickety platform he saw the hide nailed drying 
to the wall and stopped dead, looking at it quietly, thinking 
 quietly and soberly. So that’s it.  That’s what he does in order to eat 
 and live, knowing it was a hide, a skin, but from what animal, 
by association, ratiocination, or even memory of any picture 
 out of his dead youth, he did not know, but knowing that it 
 was the reason, the explanation, for the little lost spider-leg- 
 ged house (whichhad already begun to die, to rot from the 
 legs upwards almost before the roofwas nailed on) set in that 
 teeming and myriad desolation, enclosed and lost within the 
 furious  embrace of flowing mare earth and stallion  sun, 
 divining through pure rapport of kind for kind, hill-billy and 
 bayou-rat, the two one and identical because of the same 
 grudged dispensation and niggard fate of hard and unceasing 
 travail, not to gam future security, a balance in bank, or even 
 in a buried soda can for slothful and easy old age, but just per- 
 mission to endure and endure to buy air to feel and sun to 

 drink for each’s little while, thinking (the convict), Well, any- 

 way Iamgoing to find out what it is sooner than Iexpectedto, an 
 so, re-entered the house where the woman was just wa               g 
 in the one sorry built-in straw-filled bunk which the           ajan 
 had surrendered to her, and ate the breakfast (the rice, a semi 
 hqrnd mess, violent with pepper and mostly fish consi e^a          7 
 high, the chicory-thickened coffee) and, shirtless,  o owe 
 kttle scuttling bobbing bright-eyed rotten-toothe  man  own 
 the crude ladder and into the pirogue  He had never seen a 
 pirogue either and he believed that it would not remain up- 
                                                   balanced witii its 
 right - not that it was light and precariously 

                                 179 



open side upwards but that there was inherent in the wood, 
the very log,  some dynamic and unsleeping natural law, 
almost will, which its present position outraged and violated - 

yet accepting this too, as he had the fact that that hide had 
belonged to somethmg larger than any calf or hog and that 
anything which looked like that on the outside would be more 
than likely to have teeth and claws too, accepting this, squat- 
ting in the pirogue, clutching both gunwales, rigidly immobile 
as though he had an egg filled with nitroglycerin m his mouth 
 and scarcely breathing, thinking, If that’s it, then I can do it too 
 and even ifhe can’t tell me how I reckon I can watch him and       out. 
                               ,                               find, 

And he did this  too, he remembered it,            quietly even yet, 
 thinking, I thought that was how to do it and I reckon I would still 
 think that even if I had it to do again now for the first time — the 
 brazen day already fierce upon his naked back, the crooked 
 channel like a voluted thread of ink,  the pirogue, moving 
 steadily to the paddle, which both entered and left the water 
 without a sound, then the sudden cessation of the paddle be- 
 hind him and the fierce hissing gobble of the Cajan at his back 
 and he squatting bate-breathed and with that intense lmmo- 
  llity of complete sobriety of a blind man listening while the 
 fiail, wooden shell stole on at the dying apex ofits ownparted 
 water  Afterwards he remembered the rifle  too - the rust- 
 pitted single-shot weapon with a clumsily wired stock and 
 a muzzle you could have driven a whisky cork into, which 
 the Cajan had brought into the boat - but not now, now he 
 jus  squatted, crouched, immobile, breathing with mfimtesi- 

                sober ^ceasing gaze going here and there con- 

  Tllir f                 What? What? 1 mf                      what I 
              0,,      f 6Vm hlm When t0 l°°k> lt  Then he felt 
  tL mnu/ f  I™ 
                  Ae Plr °§ue as the Cajan moved and then the 
  tLTrnhhh 
  ala            S            aCtUa11^ hot raPid  a*d repressed, 
      nst hi, n   l  and 
                                    gkncmg 
                          ^ 
                                               downwards saw pro- 
  i cctine betvlen\ 
  ate;Lrr body from bewd ** 
                     “‘“. and r 
                                 glaring up again saw the flat thick 
  rot of 
                                               “ 
                                                       and became a 

  to leap suddenly agamftls tmaTm ZTffl 

  Sl 
    ° 
     nS V °1Um=’ 
                                    «nd another 

                                  180 

                                                    J 



                                                  , 

and Intense speculation and he looking at the scaled motion- 
less  shape, thmkmg not, It  looks danget ous but It looks big, 

thinking, Wt 11, mil) hi a mule standing /// a lot looks big to a man that 

jpu 7< alhdvp to one with a halter before thinking, Only ifhe could 
uvuieil f,t what to do si ssould save time  the pirogue drawing 
nearer not* >    creeping now, with no ripple now even and it 
seemed to him that lie could even hear his companion’s held 
breath and he taking the knife from die other’s hand now and 
not even thinking this since it was too fast, a flash, it was not a 
Surrender, not a resignation, it was too calm, it was a part of 
him, he had drunk it with his mother’s nnlk and lived with it 
all his life* After all a man cant only do what he has to do, with what 
he has to do it with, noth what he has learned, to the best ofhisjudge- 

ment.  /hid I reckon a hog is still a hog, no matter what it looks like 
So here goes, sitting still for an instant longeruntil the bow ofthe 
pirogue grounded lighter than the falling ofa leaf and stepped 
out of it and paused just for one instant while the words It does 
 look big stood for just a second, unemphatic and trivial, some- 
where where some fragment of his attention could see them 
 and vanished, and stooped straddling, the knife driving even 
as he grasped the near foreleg, this all mthe same instant when 
the lashing tail struck him a terrific blow upon the back. But 
.the knife was home, he knew that even on his back in the mud, 
the weight of the thrashing beast longwise upon him, its 
 ridged back clutched to his stomach, his arm about its throat, 
 the hissing head clamped against his jaw, the furious tail lash- 
 lmg and flailing, the knife in his other handprobing for the life 
 and finding it, the hot fierce gush and now sitting beside the 
 profound up-bellied carcass, his head agam between his knees 
m the old attitude while his own blood freshened the other 
 which drenched him, thinking, It’s my durn nose again. 
    So he sat there, his head, his streaming face, bowed between 
 his knees m an attitude not of dejection but profound y  e- 
 mused, contemplative, while the shrill voice of the Cajan 
 seemed to buzz at him from an enormous distance, after a time 
 he even looked up at the antic, wiry figure bouncing hysteri- 
 cally about him, the face wild and grimacing, the voice go 
 kng and high, while the convict, holding his face care u y 
 slanted so the blood would run free, looked at him wi                  t  e 

                                     181 



cold mtentness ofa curator or custodian paused before one of 
his own glass cases, the Cajan threw up the rifle, cried ‘Boom- 
boom-boom1      5  flung it down and m pantomime re-enacted the 

                                                           £ 
recent scene then whirled his hands again, crying Magmfiqt'e / 
                        gent  mile d’atgent! Tout Tatgent sous kml 
Magmfique ! Cent d’at        t 
 de Dieu !3  But the convict was already looking down again, 

 cupping the coffee-coloured water to his face, watching the 
 constant bright carmine marble it, thinking, It’s a little late to 

 be telling me that now,  and not even thinking this long because 
 presently they were m the pirogue again, the convict sqattmg 
 again with that unbreathing rigidity as though he were trying 
 by holding his breath to decrease his very weight, the bloody 
 skin m the bows before him and he looking at it,  thinking, 
 And I can’t even ask him how much my half will be 
    But this not for long either, because as he was to tell the 
  plump convict later, money has but one language He remem- 
  bered that too (theywere at home now, the skin spread on the 
  platform, where for the woman’s benefit now the Cajan once 
  more went through the pantomime - the gun which was not 

  used, the hand-to-hand battle, for the second time the invisible 
  alligator was slam amid cries, the victor rose and found this 
  time that not even the woman was watching him She was 
   looking at the once more swollen and inflamed face of the 
   convict.  ‘You mean it  kicked you right in the face?’ she 

   said 

      ‘Nah,’ the convict said harshly, savagely  ‘It never had to. 
   I done seem to got to where if that boy was to shoot me m the 
   tail with a bean blower my nose would bleed’) — remembered 
   that too, but he did not try to tell it  Perhaps he could not have 
   — how two people who could not even talk to one another 
   made an agreement which both not only understood but which 
    each knew the other would hold true and protect (perhaps for 
    this reason) better than any written and witnessed contract. 
    They even discussed and agreed somehow that they should 
    hunt separately, each in his own vessel, to double the chances 
    of finding piey But this was easy  the convict could almost 
    understand the words in which the Cajan said,  ‘You do not 
    need me and the rifle, we will only hinder you, be in vour way ’ 
    And more than this, they even agreed about the second rifle: 

                                      182 



 that there was someone, it  did not matter who - friend, 
neighbour, perhaps one in business in that line - from whom 
they could rent a second rifle;  in their two patois, the one 
bastard English, the other bastard French - the one volatile, 
with his wild bright eyes  and his  voluble mouth full  of 

 stumps of teeth, the other sober, almost grim, swollen-faced, 

and with his naked back blistered and scoriated like so much 
beef - they discussed this,  squatting on either side of the 
pegged-out hide like two members of a corporation facing 
each other across a mahogany board table, and decided against 

                                 C                 5            C 
it,  the convict deciding*  I reckon not  he said                I reckon if 
                                                  , 

I had knowed enough to wait to start out with a gun, I still 
would But since I done already started out without one, I 
don’t reckon I’ll  change.5        Because it was a question of the 

money m tei ms of time, days  (Stiangeto say, that was the one 
thing winch the Cajan could not tell him: how much the half 
would be But the convict knew it was half                  He had so little 
                                                         ) 

of them. He would have to move on soon, thinking  (the 
convict), A.U this ditrn foolishness mil stop soon and I can get on 
back,  and then suddenly he found that he was thinking. Will 
have to go get on back and he became quite still and looked about 
                       , 

at the rich strange desert which surrounded him, in which he 
was temporarily lost in peace and hope and into which the 
last seven years had sunk like so many trivial pebbles into a 
pool, leaving no ripple, and he thought quietly, with a kind of 
bemused amazement. Yes  I jeckon I had done forgot bow good 

making money was. Being let to make it 
   So he used no gun, his the knotted rope and the Thuringian 
mace, and each morning he and the Cajan took their separate 
ways in the two boats to comb and creep the secret channels 
about the lost land from (or out of) which now and then still 
other pint-sized dark men appeared gobbling, abruptly and as 
though by magic from nowhere, in other hollowed logs, to 
follow quietly and watch him at his single combats — men 
named Tine and Toto and Theule, who were not much larger 
than and looked a good deal like the muskrats which the Cajan 
 (the host did this too, supplied the kitchen too, he expressed 
this too like the rifle business, in his own tongue, the convict 
comprehending this too as though it had been English                       o 

                                     183 



not concern yourself about food, OHercules. Catch alligators; 
I will supply the pot 5 ) took now and then from traps as you 

take a shoat pig at need from a pen, and varied the eternal 
rice and fish  (the convict did tell tins: how at night, m the 
cabin, the door and one sashless window battened against mos- 
quitoes - a form, a ritual, as empty as crossing the fingers or 
knocking on wood - sitting beside the bug-swirled lantern on 
the plank table in a temperature close to blood heat he would 
look down at the swimming segment of meat on his sweating 
plate and think, It must be Theule. He was the fat one) day fol- 
lowing day, unemphatic and identical, each like the one before 
and the one which would follow while his theoretical half of a 
sum to be reckoned m pennies, dollars, or tens of dollars he 
did not know mounted - the mornings when he set forth to 
find waiting for him like the matador his aficionados the small 

                     and d<*rential pirogues, the hard noons 

          S                 7 httIe motlonless ^ells he fought 
h,s snln         ,      t 
                        ^ 
             T ’            CTemnSS’   the «*>“, die pirogues 
                ''  °n nt0 lrdets and passages which during the 
first few dawfli     u 
mAe hlTht r                 "Tdlstln8ulsh, then the platform 
                           “ 
nursingnursine mint I",!      the 5tatlc Woman and the usually 
         infant and the one or two bloody hides of the dav’s 
                  0    Perf°rm hlS 
       beforthl                               victorious^ panto- 
                   ^ 
the boards of                    tOWS oSba&‘    fflalks “ one of 
                                                 ^ 
child m the single bunk lid the                     W°man and 
                                                 Sn 
                                                   ° 
                                                     rlnS  D 
                                                              ^ 
pallet and the rfeking lantern set closl w^               ° 
                                                          W uld 
sit on his naked heels, sweating  teadik (£? 7°^ ° 
calm, immersed and indonutabfe               h“. f ce w°rn and 
                                     b,*  h      ?  , 
                                         ^ 
savage as beef beneath             5      owe<^ back raw and 
welts oftails, and                                an  Ae fielxe 
                   scrape 
                                 P       charred     f 
was almost a paddle now h,       °                sapling winch 
head while the cloud ^^            g flOW and then to raise his 

                                      eS 
-htrled,tostaratthelllSH                        tt  wWd and 
crude boards                       6  m untd after a while the 
              themselves must ha ^ , 
blank unseeing gaze go on anrl       <hs® olved awa7 and let Ins 

nch oblivious                                      tht°Ugh 
                                                             ^ 
               darknefs, beyond 
beyond the seven wasted                           even perhaps 
                           years dunno- 
realized, he had                               ’ S ° he had ust 
                 beenpernLed                                > 
                      Permitted to f fu 
                                 to toil but not to work. Then 

                              184 



 be -would retire himself, he would take a last look at the rolled 
 bundle behind the rafter and blow out the lantern andhe down 
 as he was beside his snoring partner, to he sweatmg (on his 
 stomach, he could not bear the touch of anything to his back) 
 in the whining oven-like darkness filled  with the forlorn 
 bellowing of alligators, thinking not, They never gave me time to 

 leant hut 1had     got ho  good it is to woik 
                for       >v 

    Then on the tenth day it happened It happened for the third 
 time. At first he refused to believe it, not that he felt that now 
 he had served out and discharged his apprenticeship to mis- 
 chance, had with the birth of the child reached and crossed the 
 crest of his Golgotha and would now be, possibly not per- 
 mitted so much as ignored, to descend the opposite slope free- 
 wheeling. That was not his feeling at all  What he declined to 
 accept -was the fact that a power, a force such as that which had 
 been consistent enough to concentrate upon him with deadly 
 tmdeviation for weeks, should "With all the wealth of cosmic 
 violence and disaster to draw from, have been so barren of 
  invention and imagination, so lacking in pride of artistry and 
  craftsmanship, as to repeat itself twice Once he had accepted, 
  twice he even forgave, but thiee times he simply declined to 
 believe, particularly when he was at last persuaded to realize 
  that this thud time was to be instigated not by the blind 
 potency of volume and motion but by human direction and 
  hands: that now the cosmic joker, foiled twice, had stooped in 
  its vindictive concentration to the employing of dynamite 
    He did not tell that. Doubtless he did not know himselfhow 
  it happened, what -was happening But he doubtless remem 
  bered it  (but quietly above the thick coloured pristine cigar 
  mhis clean steady hand), what he knew, divined ofit  It wo 
  he evening, the ninth evening, he and the woman on eit  er 
  side of their host’s empty place at the evening meal, he hearing 
  the voices from without but not ceasing to eat, still chewing 
  steadily, because it would be the same as though he were see 
,  mg them anyway - the two or three or four pirogues gating 
  on the dark water beneath the platform on whic i  t            e 
  stood,- the voices gobbling and jabbering, incompre ens 
  and filled not with alarm and not exactly with rage or e 

  perhaps absolute surprise but rather just cacophony 

                                   185 



of disturbed marsh fowl, he (the convict) not ceasing to chew 
but rast looking up quietly and maybe without a great deal of 
mm rogation or surprise too as the Ca,an burst m and stood 
before them, wild-faced, glaring, his blackened teeth gaped 
 against the inky orifice of his distended mouth watching (the 
 convict) while the Cajan went through his violent pantomime 
 of violent evacuation, ejection, scooping something invisible 
 into his arms and hurling it out and downward and m the 
 instant of completing the gesture changing from instigator to 
 victim of that which he had set into pantomimic motion, 
  claspmg his head and, bowed over and not otherwise moving, 
  seeming to be swept on and away before it,  crying  Boom* 
  Boom' Booml’, the convict watching him, his jaw not chew- 
  ing now, though for just that moment, thinking, What? What 
  is it he is trying to tell me? thinking (this is a flash too, since he 

  could not have expressed this, and hence did not even know 
  that he had ever thought it) that though his life had been cast 
  here,  circumscribed by this  environment, accepted by this 
   environment and accepting it in turn (and he had done well 
   here - this quietly,  soberly indeed, if he had been able to 
   phrase it, think it instead of meiely knowing it - better than 
   he had ever done, who had not even known until now how 
   good work, making money, could be) yet it was not his life, he 
   still and would ever be no more than the water bug upon the 

    surface of the pond, the plumbless and lurking depths of 

    which he would never know, his only actual contact with it 
    being the instants when on lonely and glaring mudspits under 
    the pitiless  sun and amphitheatred by his motionless and 
    riveted semicircle of watching pirogues, he accepted the gam- 
    bit which he had not elected, entered the lashing radius of the 
    armed tail and beat at the thrashing and hissing head with his 
    hghtwood club, or this failing, embraced without hesitation 
     the armoured body itself with the frail web of flesh and bone 
     in which he walked and lived and sought the raging life with 
     an eight-inch knife-blade 
        So he and the woman merely watched the Cajan as he acted 
     out the whole charade of eviction — the little wify man gesti- 
      culant and wild, his hysterical  shadow leaping and falling 
      upon the rough wall as he went through the pantomime of 

                                     186 



                                                                5 

  abandoning the cabin, gathering m pantomime his meagre 
  belongings from the walls and corners - objects which no 
  other man would want and only some power or force like 
  blind water or earthquake or fire would ever dispossess him 
, of, the woman watching too, her mouth slightly open upon a 
  mass of chewed food, on her face an expression of placid 

                                                              ? 
  astonishment, saying. ‘What? What’s he saying 
     ‘I don’t know,’ the convict said. ‘But I reckon if it’s some- 
  thing we ought to know we will find it out when it’s ready for 
  us to.’ Because he was not alarmed, though by now he had 
                                           enough. He’sfixing to leave  he 
  read the other’s meaning plainly                                        , 
  thought. He’s telling me to leave too - this later, after they had 
   quitted the table and the Cajan and the woman had gone to 
  bed and the Cajan had risen from the pallet and approached 
  the convict and once more went through the pantomime of 
   abandoning the cabin, this time as one repeats a speech which 
  may have been misunderstood, tediously,  carefully repeti- 
   tional as to a child, seeming to hold the convict with one hand 
  while he gestured, talked, with the other, gesturing as though 
   in single syllables, the convict (squatting, the knife open and 
   the almost-finished paddle across his lap) watching, nodding 
   his head, even speaking m English              ‘Yah, sure. You bet 
   got you’ - trimming again at the paddle but no faster, wit 
   no more haste than on any other night, serene mhis belie  t  at 
   when the time came for him to know whatever it was, tiat 
   would take care of itself, having already, and without eten 
   knowing it,  even before the possibility, the question, ever 
   arose, declined, refused to accept even the thought o mor ing 
                                                         the? e wasjust some 
   also, thinking about the hides, thinking, If 
   way he could tell me where to carry my share to get t e money            u 
   thinking this only for an instant between two delicate stro  es 

   of the blade because almost at once he thought,             rec ton as 
   as I can catch them I won’t have no big troublefinding wJoever i 

   ivill buy them 
                  .                                               ,  ,    f 
                                                              ,           * 
      So the next morning he helped the Cajan  oa 
   belongings - the pitted rifle, a small bundle ° c 0              S 
   they traded, who could not even converse wit                one ^         ' 
   this time the few cooking vessels, a few rustv traps            1     ,  , 
   allocation, and something embracing and abstractions! which 

                                       187 



included the stove, the crude bunk, the house or its  occu- 
pancy - something - in exchange for one alligator hide) - into 
the pirogue, then, squatting and as two children divide sticks 
 they divided the hides, separatmg them into two piles, one- 
 for-me-and-one-for-you,       two-for-me-and-two-for-you,           and 
 the Cajan loaded his share and shoved away from the platform 
 and paused again, though this time he only put the paddle 
 down, gathered something invisible into his two hands and 

                                                           5 
 flung it violently upward, crying ‘Boom5 BoonH on a rising 

 inflection, nodding violently to the half-naked and savagely 
 scoriated man on the platform who stared with a sort of grim 
 equability back at him and said, 4 Sure. Boom. Boom/ Then 
  the Cajan went on. He did not look back. They watched him, 
  already paddling rapidly, or the woman did, the convict had 

  already turned. 

     ‘Maybehe was trying to tell us to leave too/ she said 
     ‘Yah/ the convict 'said. ‘I thought of that last night. Hand 
                   5                          -               the one he 
  me the paddle      She fetched it to him  the sapling 
  had been trimming at nightly, not quite finished yet though 
  one more evening would do it  (hehad been using a spare one 
   of the Cajan’s. The other had offered to let him keep it,  to 
   include it perhaps with the stove and the bunk and the cabin’s 
   freehold, but the convict had declined Perhaps he had com- 
   puted it  by volume against  so much alligator hide,  this 
   weighed against one more evening with the tedious and care- 
   ful blade) and he departed too, with his  knotted rope and 
   mace, m the opposite direction, as though not only not con- 
   tent with refusing to quit the place he had been warned against, 
    he must establish and affirm the irrevocable finality of his 
    refusal by penetrating even further and deeper into it            And 
    then and without warning the high fierce drowsing of his 
    solitude gathered itself and struck at him 
       He could not have told this if he had tried — this not yet 
    mid morning and he going on, alone for the first time, no 
    pirogue emerging anywhere to fall in behind him, but he had 
     not expected this anyway, he knew that the others would have 
     departed too, it  was not this, it was his very solitude, his 
     desolation which was now his alone and in full since he had 
     elected to remain, the sudden cessation of the paddle, the skiff 

                                      188 



  shooting on for a moment yet while he thought, What? What? 
  Then, No No. No, as the silence and solitude and emptiness 
  roared down upon him in a jeering bellow, and now reversed, 
  the skill  spun violently on its  heel, he the betrayed driving 
 furiously hack towards the platform where he knew it was 
 ahead) too late,  that citadel where the very crux and dear 
 breath oflus life - the being allowed to work and earn money, 
 that right and privilege which he believed he had earned to 
 himself unaided, asking no favour of anyone or anything save 
 the right to be let alone to pit his will and strength against the 
 saunc protagonist ofa land, a region, which he had not asked 
 to be projected mto - was being threatened, driving the home- 
 made paddle in grim fury, coming in sight of the platform at 
 last and seeing the motor launch lying alongside it with no 

 surprise at ail but actually with a land ofpleasure as though at 
 a visible justification of his outrage and fear, the privilege of 

 saying I toldyou so to his own affronting, driving on towards 
pt in a dream-like state in which there seemed to be no pro- 
 gress at all, m which, unimpeded and suffocating, he strove 
 dreamily with a weightless oar, with muscles without stiength 
 or resiliency, at  a medium without resistance, seeming to 
 watch the skiff creep infinitesimally across the sunny water and 
 tip to the platform while a man in the launch (there were five 
 of them in all) gobbled at him in that same tongue he had been 
 bearing constantly now for ten days and still knewno word of, 
 just as a second man, followed by the woman carrying the 
 baby and dressed again for departure in the faded tunic and 
 the sunbonnet, emerged from the house, carrying (the man 
 carried several other things but the convict saw nothing else) 
 the paper-wrapped bundle which the convict had put behind 
 the rafter ten days ago and no other hand had touched since, 
 he (the convict) on the platform too now, holding the skiff s 
 painter m one hand and the bludgeon-like paddle in the other, 
 contriving to speak to the woman at last in a voice dreamy 
 and suffocating and incredibly calm c Take it away from  im 
 and                                 ’ 
      carry it back into the house 
                                          p ’ the man in t  e  aunc 
    ‘So you can talk English, can you 
 said  ‘"Why didn’t you come out like they told you to  as 

 flight 

                                 189 



   ‘Out?’ the convict said. Again he even looked, glared, at 
the man m the launch, contriving even again to control his 
voice* ‘I ain’t got time to take trips. I’m busy,’ already turning 
to the woman again, his mouth already open to repeat as the 
dreamy buzzing voice of the man came to him and he turning 

                 a 
once more, m  terrific and absolutely unbearable exaspera- 
tion, crying  ‘Flood?What floods Hell a mile, it’s done passed 
me twice months ago! It’s gone’ What flood?’ and then (he 
 did not think this m actual words either but he knew it,  suf- 
 fered that flashing insight into his own character or destiny: 
 how there was a peculiar quality of repetitiveness about his 
 present fate, how not only the almost seminal crises recurred 
 with a certain monotony, but the very physical circumstances 
 followed a stupidly unimaginative pattern) the man m the 
 launch said,   Take him’ and he was on his feet for a few 
 minutes yet, lashing and striking in panting fury, then once 
 more on his back on hard unyielding planks while the four 
 men swarmed over him in a fierce wave of hard bones and 
 panting curses and at last the thin diy vicious snapping of 
                                                          ^ 
                                                               6 
 handcuffs 

     Damn it, are you mad?’ the man m the launch said  ‘Can’t 
 you understand they are going to  dynamite that levee at 
 noon today? - Come on,’ he said to the others.  ‘Get him 

 aboard. Let s get out of here.’ 

    ‘ 
     I want my hides and boat,’ the convict said. 
      XT          hl      the man ln the launch said.  ‘If they 
            XT T’’ 
 more of T leveTWed pretty soon 3™ can hunt plenty 
                 °n th 
  isaUtlfhoTa the boat you f, “T1 steps at Baton Rouge. And this 
                    will need and you can say yourprayers about 

                      h             ’’ 
  caMv and wT  TTT1                   the COtmct sali He said « 

                                       S 
                                         ° 
                                  ^ CaIm>        50  ^ for 
  aWalnute  TT                                             ** 
                          7         d hun>   ^> ust stood look- 
  mg qmeth down  r K        “T“ 
  scLed helnW          a     aS ,he ky’ talced, bhstered and 
  delivering his ulCtu^Lto^e^d^nd011 ^ ‘"w 

                                              016 
                                                    °“ 
  "An the ITn m^Tlu^hmo^dli^                      g    g t0 sleep’ 
                                                                ^ 
       and said in a voice astl^^TaK^X 

                                190 



                                                                       e 

   'Ail tight Bring his boat’ The} helped the woman, carry- 
ing the baby and the paper-wrapped parcel, into the launch. 
 Then they helped the convict to his feet and into the launch 
 too, the shackles on his wrists and ankles clashing Tdunlock 
 }ou if }Ou’d promise to behave yourself,’ the man said  The 
convict did not answer this at all 
   ‘I want to hold the rope,’ he said. 

                ’ 
   ‘The rope2 

   ‘Yes,’ the convict said       ‘The rope ’    So they lowered him 
into the stem and gave him the end of the painter after it had 
passed the tow.mg cleat, and they went on. The convict did 
not look back But then, he did not look forward either, he 
lay half sprawled, his shackled legs before him, the end of the 

skiff’s painter m one shackled hand  The launch made two 
other stops; when the hazy wafer of the intolerable sun began 
to stand once more directly overhead there v/ere fifteen people 
in the launch, and then the convict, sprawled and motipnless, 
saw the flat, brazen land begin to rise and become a greenish- 
black mass of s\yamp, bearded and convoluted, this m turn 
stopping short off and there spread before him an expanse of 
v/ater embraced by  blue dissolution of shore line and glitter- 
                       a 
ing thinly under the noon, larger than Be had ever seen before, 
the sound of the launch’s engine ceasing, the hull sliding on 
behind its    fading bow-wave.  ‘What are you doing2                 the 

leader said.' 

   ‘It’s noon,’ the helmsman said         ‘I thought we might hear 
the dynamite/ So they ail listened, the launch lost of all for- 
V'ard motion, rocking slightly, the glitter-broken small waves 
slapping and whispering at the hull, but no sound, no tremble 
even, came anywhere under the fierce hazy sky, the long 
moment gathered itself and turned on and noon was past  A 
tight,’ the leader said.  ‘Let’s go ’     The engine started again 
the hull began to gather speed  The leader came a t  an 
stooped over the convict, key in hand ‘ I guess you              ave to 
behave now, whether you want to or not, he said, un oc *ing 

 the manacles. ‘Won’t you2 ’                                          , 
   ‘Yes,’ the convict said       They went on, aj-ter  a time 
 shore vanished completely and a little sea got up T e con .c 
 v?as free now but he lay as before, the end o  t  e sm 1 

                                   191 



painter m his hand, bent now with three or font turns about 
his wrist, he turned his head now and then to look back at the 
 towing skiff as it slewed and bounced in the launch’s wake, 
 now and then he even looked out over the lake, the eyes alone 
 moving, the face grave and expressionless, thinking, This is a 

 greater immensity of water, of waste and desolation, than I have ever 

 seen before, perhaps not, thinking three or four hours later, the 
 shoreline raised again and broken into a clutter of sailing 
 sloops and power cruisers.  These are more boats  than I ever 

 believed existed, a maritime race ofwhich I also had no cognisance or 

 perhaps not thinking it but just watching as the launch opened 
  the shored gut of the ship canal, the low smoke of the city, 
  beyond it, then a wharf, the launch slowing in, a quiet crowd 
  of people watching with that same forlorn passivity he had 
  seen before and whose race he did recognize even though he 
  had not seen Vicksburg when he passed it - the brand, the 
  unmistakable hall-mark of the violently homeless, he more 
  so than any, who would have permitted no man to call him 
   one of them. 
      ‘All right,’ the leader said to him. ‘ Here you are/ 

      ‘Theboat,’ the convict said 
      ‘You’ve got it. What do you want me to do - give you a 

                    ’ 
   receipt for it 5 

      ‘No,’ the convict said. ‘I just want the boat.’ 
      ‘Take it.   Only you ought to have a bookstrap or some- 
   thing to carry it m ’      (‘Carry it m^’ the plump convict said. 

                      '5 
    ‘Carry it where  Where would you have to carry it'5 ’) 
      He (the tall  one) told that  how he and the woman dis- 
   embarked and how one of the men helped him haul the skiff 
   up out of the water and how he stood there with the end of 
    the painter wrapped around his wrist and the man bustled up, 
    saving    All right  Next load' Next loadl’ and how he told 
    this man too about the boat and the man cried                   -5       5 ’ 
                                                              ‘Boat Boat- 
    and how he (the convict) went with them when they carried 
    the skiff over and racked, berthed, it with the others and how 
    he lined himself up by a coca-cola sign and the arch of a 
    drawbridge so he could find the skiff again quick when he 
    returned, and how he and the woman (he carrying the paper- 
    wrapped parcel) were herded into a truck and after a while the 

                                       192 



truck berrn to run in traffic, between close houses, then there 
u.w a big budding, rn armoun - 

                                            £                     * 
   ‘Armourv?* (he plump one said.            You mean a jail 

   c 

    Yo. It v as a V»nd ofwarehouse, with people with bundles 
laying on the floor/ And how he thought maybe his partner 
might be there and how he even looked about for the Cajan 
while waiting for a chance to get back to the door again, 
a* here the soldier was and how he got back to the door at 
last, the woman behind him and his chest actually against the 

dropped nQe. 
   'Gwan,gw an/ the sokliei said. "Getback. They’ll give you 
some clothes in a minute. You can’t walk around the streets 
that wa\ .  And something to cat too Maybe your kinfolks will 
come for you by that time.’ And he told that too. how the 
woman said: 
   * Matbe if you told him you had some kinfolks here he 
would let us out.’ And how he did not, he could not have 
expressed this either, it too deep, too ingrained; he had never 
yet had to thmk it into words through all the long generations 
of himself - his lull-man’s sober and jealous respect not for 
truth but for the potver, the strength of lying - not to be nig- 
 gard w ith hmg but rather to use it with respect and even care, 
delicate quick and strong, iike a fine and fatal blade. And how 
 they fetched him clothes - a blue jumper and overalls,^ and 
 then food too (a brisk starched young woman saying. ^  But 
 the baby must be bathed, cleaned It will die if you don t  an 
 the woman saying  £ Yessum He might holler some,  e am t 
 never been bathed before But he’s a good baby’) and now it 
                                                             and tor orn 
was night, the unshaded bulbs harsh and savage 
 above the snorers and he rising, gripping the woman awake, 
 and then the window. He told that  how there                   doofs 
                                                                        “J 
                                         7- where, but he     a   a   ar 
plenty, leading he did not know 
 time finding a window they could use but he  °nn  OG                    , 
 last, he carrying the parcel and the baby too whi e           ec 
 through first - ‘You ought to tore up a sheet and slid 
 iV the plump convict said  But he needed no sheet  th 
 were cobbles under his feet now, in the rich              ar ne 
 city was there too but he had not seen it yet an  wou 
                                                         ere  o 
 the low constant glare; Bienville had stood                     , 

   - 
  /                                 193 



been the figment of an emasculate also calling himself Napo- 
leon but no more, Andrew Jackson had found it  one step 
from Pennsylvania Avenue  But the convict found it  con- 
siderably further than one step back to the ship canal and the 
skiff,  the coca-cola sign dim now, the draw bridge arching 
spidery against the jonquil sky at dawn. nor did he tell, any 
more than about the sixty-foot levee, how he got the skiff back 
into the water The lake was behind him now, there was but 
one direction he could go When he saw the River again he 
 knew it at once  He should have, it was now meradicably a 
part of his past, his life, it would be a part of what he would 
bequeath, if that were m store for him But four weeks later 
it would look different from what it did now, and did: he (the 
 old man) had recovered from his  debauch, back in banks 
 again, the Old Man, rippling placidly towards the sea, brown 
 and rich as chocolate between levees whose inner faces were 
 wrinkled as  though in  a  frozen  and aghast  amazement, 
 crowned with the rich  green of summer in  the willows; 
  eyond them, sixty feet below, slick mules squatted against 
 the broad pull of middle-busters in the nchened soil which 
 would not need to be planted, which would need only to be 
 shown a cotton seed to sprout and make, there would be the 
 symmetric miles of strong stalks by July, purple bloom in 
   ugus , in   eptember the black fields snowed over, spilled, 

 hlATAAA-Smooth by the long sacks, the long black 
                plucking, the hot air filled with the whine of 
 locust In A™ Sr alr tben bu£ now June air heavy with 
         n   (    tOW      the Sme11 of new paint and the sour 
 imell nf l            T 
 Sites       6               h°lds Wall-P*P“ - die towns, the 
 face      he        l05,' wood Endings on stilts  on the inner 
      of Si 
                               St 
                                 ° 
                                  IeyS bnght and rank under the 
 newtaint and o’         T' 
 SIof MaSs rper             even the marks on sPlle and post and 

  silver          S  g     e     lght fading beneath each bright 
  store SsIof s? r ty tyand ““natant ralIlj there was a 
        at the leveelkl a°f 
 in the sleeov diwt . A > °,ew saddled and rope-bridle mules 
 the steps beneath' th A 8S’  2 ^“d^d  Negroes sitting on 
                                             “ 
  s. gns,                                             ua 
 vassing for votes                     t^iem a deputy sheriff can- 
        g     votes tnK  ti’ 
                    to beat his superior (whobad given him his 

                                194 



job) In the August primary,             II pruning to watch the skifT 

emerge from the glitter-glare  of the afternoon water and 
approach and land, a woman carrying a child, stepping out, 
then a man, a  ull man who, approaching, proved to be 
dressed in a faded but recently washed and quite clean suit of 
penitentiary cloth’og, stopping m the dust where the mules 
cozed and watching with pale, cold humourless eyes while 
the deputy sheriff was still making towards his armpit that 
gesture which e\crrone present realized v as to have produced 
a pistol in one flashing-motion for a considerable time while 
still nothing came of it. It w as apparently enough for the new- 

comer, however. 

    ‘You a officer?'' he said. 
    ‘You damn right T am/ the deputy said.  ‘Just let me get 
this damn gun 
    ‘All right/ the other said        ‘Yonder’s your boat, and here’s 
 the woman. But I never did find that bastard on the cotton- 
 house 5 

        . 



                      1 

                        WILD PALMS 

This time the doctor and the man called Harry walked out of 
the door together, on to the dark porch, into the dark wind 
still filled with the clashing of invisible palms  The doctor 
carried the whisky - the pint bottle half full; perhaps he did 
not even know it was in his hand, perhaps it was only the 
 hand and not the bottle which he shook in the invisible face 
 of the man standing above him His voice was cold, precise, 
 and convinced - the puritan who some would have said was 
 about to do what he had to do because he was a puritan, who 
 perhaps believed himself he was about to do it to protect the 
 ethics and sanctity of his  chosen profession, but who was 
 actually about to do it because though not old yet he believed 
 he was too old for this, too old to be wakened at midnight 
  and dragged, haled, unwarned, and still dull with sleep, into 
  this, this bright wild passion which had somehow passed him 
  up when he had been young enough, worthy enough, and to 
  whose loss he believed he had not only become reconciled 
  but had been both fortunate and right m having been elected 

  to lose 

     'Youhave murdered her,’ he said. 

     c 
      Yes,’ the other said, almost impatiently, this the doctor 
  noticed now, this alone        'The hospital  Will you telephone^ 

        ’ 
      - 
  or 

      ‘Yes, murdered her* Who did this?’ 
      'I did Don’t stand here talking Will you tell 
      Who did this,  I  say? Who performed it-1             I demand to 
   know ’ 

       I did, I tell you Myself In God’s name, man 1            ’ He took 
   the doctor’s arm, he gripped it, the doctor felt it, felt the hand, 
   he^(the doctor) heard his own voice too 
      What^     he said  ‘You? You did it? Yourself? But I thought 
   nW?rC tbe ~5         boughtyou were the lover was what he meant. 
   I thoughtyou were the one who because what he was thinking was 

      * 
    :h S S [°° wuch1 Ther are ™les ' L;wnts ! Toformention, adultery 
    n   /                  f                                               , 
   *° ah0rt,m> mm and "hat he meant was To that of love ana 

                                     I96 



                          ,                                                          , 

passion and tragedy which is allowed to anyone lest he become as God 
 Who has suffered hlzewise all that Satan can have known. He even 
 said some of it at last, flinging the other’s hand violently off 
 not exactly as if it had been a spider or a reptile or even a piece 
 of filth, but rather as if he had found clinging to his sleeve a 
piece of atheistic or Communist propaganda - something not 
violating so much as affronting that profound and now death- 
 less desiccated spirit which had contrived to retire into pure 
morality  'This is too much'’ he cried. 'Stay here' Don’t try 

                                                                                 ’ 
 to escape I   You cannot hide where you will not be found1 

                5 
    'Escape?       the other said       'Escape? Will you telephone for 

 the ambulance, m God’s dear name?’ 

                                              ’ 
    'I’ll telephone, never you fear '          the doctor cried He was on 

the earth below the porch now, in the hard black wind, already 

moving away, beginning to run suddenly and heavily on his 
thick sedentary legs.  'Don’t you dare to try!’ he cried back. 

                                ’ 
 ‘Don’tyou dare to try '          He still had the flashlight, Wilbourne 

watched the beam of it  jouncing on towards the oleander 
hedge as though it too, the little futile moth-light beam, strug- 
gled too against the constant weight of the black pitiless wind 
He didn't forget that Wilbourne thought, watching it  But then 

he probably never forgot anything in his life except that he was alive 

once   must have been born alive at least.           Then at that word he 
     , 

became aware of his heart, as though all profound terror had 
merely waited until he should prompt himself He could feel 
the hard black wind too as he blinked after the floundering 
fight until it  passed through the hedge and vanished, he 
blinked steadily in the black wind, he could not stop it.  My 
 lachrymae are notfunctioning, he thought, hearing his roaring and 
 labouring heart  As though it were pumping sand not blood, not 

 liquid, he thought. Trying to pump it. It'sjust this wind I think I 

can't breathe in, it’s not that I really can’t breathe, find something 

somewhere to breathe because apparently the heart can stand anything, 

anything, anything 
    He turned and crossed the porch This time as before he 
 and the black steady wind were like two creatures trying to 
use the same single entrance. Only it don’t really want to come in, 
he thought. Don’t need to. Don’thave to. It’sjust interferingfor the 
fun, the hell ofit. He could feel it on the door when he touched 

                                        197 



the knob, then, close, he could hear it  too, a sibilance, a 
whisper It was risible, it was almost a chuckling, leaning its 
weight on the door along with his weight, making the door 
easy, too easy, surreptitious, making its weight reall} felt only 
when he came to close the door and this time just too easy 
because so steady, just risible and chuckling, it did not really 
 want to come in He closed the door, watching the faint light 
 which fell mto the hall from the lamp inside the bedroom suck, 
 shift, and recover steadily as what of the wind might have 
 remained in the house if it had wanted to, might have been 
 trapped inside the house by the closing door, licked quietly out 

 through the ultimate closing crack, risible and constant, not 
 at all departing, and turned listening, his head slanted a little 
 towards the bedroom door with listening. But no sound came 
  frombeyond it, no sound in the hall but the wind murmuring 
  against the door of the barren rented hall where he stood, 
  quiet with listening, thinking quietly, I guessed wrong. It's in- 

  credible, not that I should have had to guess but that I should have 

  guessed so wrong not meaning the doctor, not thinking about the 
  doctor now (Witha part of his mind he was not using now he 
  could see it: the other neat, tight, brown-stained wind-proof 
  tongue-and-groove hall,  the flashlight still  burning on the 
  table beside  the hurried bag,  the  thick bulging varicose 
  planted calves as he had first seen thembeneath the nightshirt, 
  planted outraged and convinced and unassuageable by any- 
  thing else but this, he could even hear the voice not raised but 
   risen, a little shrill, unappeasable too, mto the telephone  ‘And 
   a policeman. A policeman  Two if necessary  Do you hear5 ’ 

   He’ll wake her too, he thought, seeing this too- the upper room, 
   the gorgon-headed woman in the .       grey high-necked gown 
   risen on to her elbow in the stale grey bed, her head cocked to 
   listen and without surprise, who would be healing only what 
   she had been expecting for four days to hear. She will come back 
   with him — ifhe himself comes back,  he thought Ifhe don’tjust sit 
   outside with the pistol to guaid the exits  And maybe she will even 
   be there fool) Because this didn’t matter, it was just like puttin 
                                                                    g 
   a letter into the mail, it didn’t matter what box, only that he 
   should have waited so late to mail the letter, he, after the foul 
   years and then the twenty months, the almost two yeais more 

                                   198 



and then done, complete, I have made a bust even of that pay t of 
my life which 1 threw away he thought, motionless in the usible 
                             , 

murmur of the waiting and unhurried wind, his head turned 
slightly towards the bedroom door with listening, thinking 
with that trivial layer of his mind which he did not need to 

use. So it’s notjust the wind  can’t breathe in 
                                I                  so maybe foiever after 

1 have gained, earned, some little ofsuffocation, beginning to breathe 
not faster but deeper, he could not stop it,               each breath 
shallower and shallower and harder and harder and nearer and 
nearer the top of his lungs until in a moment it would escape 
the lungs altogether and there would indeed be no breath left 
anywhere forever, blinking steadily and painfully at the sud- 
den granulation of his lids as though the black sand dammed 
forever of any moisture at which his strong heart scooped and 
surged were about to burst out of him through all his ducts 
and pores as they say the sweat of agony does, thinking. 
Steady now. Careful now When she comes back this time she mil have 

to begin to hold on. 

   He crossed the hall to the bedroom door There was still 
                                    was  window, 
no sound save the wind (there            a            the sash did not 
fit, the black wind whispered and murmured at it but did not 
enter, it did not want to, did not need to)  She lay on her back, 
her eyes closed, the nightgown (that garment which she had 
never owned, never worn before) twisted about her just under 
the arms, the body not sprawled, not abandoned, but on the 
contrary even a little tense  The whisper of the black wind 
filled the room but coming from nothing, so that presently it 
began to seem to him that the sound was rather the murmur 
of the lamp itself sitting up an up-ended packing case beside 
the bed, the rustle and murmur of famt dingy light itself on 
her flesh - the w'-aist even narrower than he had believed, anti- 
cipated, the thighs merely broad since they were flat too, the 
swell and neat mp of belly and nothing else, no croachmg 
shadow of ineradicable blackness, no shape of death cuckold- 
ing him; nothing to see, yet it was there, he not permitted to 
watch his own cuckolding And then he could not breathe 
and he began to back away from the door but it was too late 
because she was lying on the bed looking at him. 
   He didn’t move. He couldn’t help his breathing but he 

                                  i 99 



didn’t move, one hand on the door-frame and his foot already 
lifted for the first  step back, the eyes open full upon him 
though still profoundly empty of sentience.  Then he saw it 
begin: the I. It was like watching a fish rise in water - a dot, 
a minnow, and still increasing, in a second there would be no 
more pool but all sentience  He crossed to the bed in three 
 strides, fast but quiet, put his hand flat on her chest, his voice 
 quiet,  steady, insistent:  ‘No, Charlotte. Not yet.  You can 
 hear me. Go back. Go back, now. It’s all right now,’ quiet and 
 urgent and contamed out of his need, as though departure 
 only followed farewell, and good-bye was not something to 
 precede the going away - provided there was time for it. 
  ‘That’s right,’ he said.  ‘Goback. It’s not time yet. I will tell 
                               ’       she heard him from some- 
 you when the time comes  And 
 where because at once the fish became the minnow again and 
  then the dot; m another second the eyes would be empty again 
  and blank. Only he lost her. He watched it: the dot growing 
          this time, no serene minnow         a            cognizant 
  too fast                                but  vortex of 
  pupil m the yellow stare  spinning to blackness while he 

  watched, the black shadow not on the belly but m the eyes. 
  Her teeth caught her lower lip,        she rolled her head and 
  tried to rise,  struggling against the flat of his hand on her 

  breast. 

     ‘I’mhurting Jesus, where is he? Where’s he gone? Tell him 
  to give me something Quick.’ 
     ‘No,’ he said    ‘He can’t. You’ve got to hurt. That’s what 
   you’ve got to hold on to ’  Now it must have been laughing, it 
   couldn t have been anything else. She lay back and began to 
   thresh from hip to hip, still  threshing as he untwisted the 
   gown and drew it down and covered her. 
      ‘I thought you said you would do the holding.’ 
      ‘I am. But you’ve got to hold on too. You’ve got to do 
   most of it for a while. Just a little while. The ambulance will 
   be here soon, but you must stay here and hurt now. Do you 
   hear? You can’t go back now.’ 
       Then take the knife and cut it out of me, All of it. Deep. 
    So there won’t be anything left but just a shell to hold the 
    coid an the cold        Her teeth, glinting in the lamplight, 
    caught her lower lip again, a thread of blood appeared at the 

                                   200 



 comer of her mouth. He took a soiled handkerchief from his 
 hip and leaned to her but she rolled her head away from his 
 hand. ‘Allright,’ she said. ‘I’mholding on. You say the ambu- 

                       ’ 
 lance is coming5 

                                                          -’ 
     ‘Yes. In a minute we will hear it  Let me                She rolled her 
 head again av/ay from the handkerchief. 

                                                                ’ 
     ‘All right. Now get to hell out. You promised 

    c 
     No. If I leave, you won’t hold on. And you’ve got to hold 

  on.’ 

     ‘I am holding on. I’m holding on so you can go, get out of 
 here before they come You promised me you would. I want 
 to see you go. I want to watch you.’ 

                                                                         ’ 
     ‘All right. But don’t you want to say good-bye first5 
     ‘All right. But Jesus God, don’t touch me It’s like fire, 
  Harry. It doesn’t hurt. It’s just like fire. Just don’t touch me.’ 
  So he knelt beside the bed, she stopped her head now, her bps 
  lay still under his for a moment, hot and dry to the taste, with 
  the thin sweetish taste of the blood Then she pushed his face 
  away with her hand, it hot and dry too, he hearing her heart 
  still, even now, a little too fast, a little too strong  ‘Jesus, we 
  had fun, didn’t we In the cold, the snow. That’s what I’m 
  thinking about. That’s what I’m holding on to now the 
  snow, the cold, the cold But it doesn’t hurt, it’s just like fire, 
  it’s just - Now go. Get to hell out. Quick.’ She began to roll 
  her head again He rose from his knees. 
     ‘All right. I’m gomg. But you must hold on You will have 

                                                    ’ 
  to hold on a long time Can you do it 5 
     ‘Yes But go. Go quick. We’ve got enough money for you 

  to get to Mobile. You can lose yourself quick there, they can’t 

  find you there. But go Get to hell away from here quick for 
  God’s sake.’ This time when the teeth caught, the bright thin 
  blood spurted all the way to her chin He didn’t move at once 
  He was trying to remember something out of a book, years 
  ago, of Owen Wister’s, the whore m the pink ball dress who 
 < drank the laudanum and the cowboys taking turns walking 
' her up and down the floor, keeping her on her feet, keeping 
  her alive, remembermg and forgetting it m the same instant 
  since it would not help him. He began to move towards the 

  door. 

                                      201 



   fAll nght/ he said Tmgoing now. But remember, you will 
have to hold on by yourself then. Do you hear? Charlotte?’ 
The yellow eyes were full on him, she released the bitten lip 
and as he sprang back towards the bed he heard over the 
chuckling murmur of the wind the two voices at the front 
 door, the porch - the plump-calved doctor’s high, almost 
 shrill, almost breaking, that of the grey gorgon wife cold and 
 level, at a baritone pitch a good deal more masculine than the 
 man’s voice, the two of them unonentable because of the wind 
 like the voices of two ghosts quarrelling about nothing, he 
  (Wilbourne) hearing them and losing them too m the same 
 instant as he bent over the wide yellow stare m the head winch 

                                                                            ’ 
                                                             £ 
 had ceased to roll, above the relaxed bleeding lip.           Charlotte ! 
 he said  c You can’t go back now. You’re hurting. You’re 

 hutting It won’t let you go back You can hear me.’ He slap- 
 ped her, fast, with two motions of the same hand. 'You’re 

 hurting, Charlotte.’ 

     'Yes/ she said. 'Youand yourbest doctors mNew Orleans. 
 When anybody with one mail-order stethoscope could give 
  me something Come on. Rat. Where are they?’ 
     'They’re coming  But you’ve got to hurt now. You’re 

  hurting now.’ 

     'All right. I’m holding on. But you mustn’t hold him That 
  was all I asked. It wasn’t him. Listen, Francis - See, I called 
  you Francis  If I were lying to you do you think I would call 
  you Francis instead of Rat? - Listen, Francis. It was the other 
   one. Not that Wilbourne bastard. Do you think I would let 
   that bloody, bungling bastard that never even finished hospi- 
   tal, poke around m me with a knife — 5            The voice stopped, 
   there was nothing in the eyes at all now though they were still 
   open — no minnow, no dot even ~ nothing. But the heart  he 

                                                                         , 

   thought. The heart  He laid his ear to her chest, hunting the 
   wrist pulse with one hand, he could hear it before his ear 
   touched her, slow, strong enough still but each beat making 
   a curious hollow reverberation as though the heart itself had 
    retreated, seeing at the same moment (his face was towards 
    the door) the doctor enter, still carrying the scuffed bag m one 
    hand and m the other a cheap-looking nickel-plated revolver 
    such as you could find m almost any pawnshop and which, 

                                       202 
                                                                  \ 



as far as serviceability was concerned, should still have been 
there, and followed by the grey-faced Medusa-headed woman 
in a,  shawl  Wilbourne rose,  already moving towards the 
doctor, his hand already extended for the bag.  ‘It will last 
this time/ he said, ‘but the heart’s - Here. Give me the bag. 
What do you carry? Strychnine?’ He watched the bag as it 
fled, snatched, behind the thick leg, the other hand he did not 
even look at as it came up but only in the next instant, at the 
cheap pistol pointed at nothing and being shaken in his face 
as the whisky bottle had been. 

                       ’ 
    ‘Don’tmovet          the doctor cried. 

               *> 

    ‘Put that thing down,’ the wife said, in that same cold bari- 
tone. ‘I told you not to bring it.  Give him the bag if he wants 
it and can do anything with it.’ 

           ’ 
          1                 cried.  ‘I’m a doctor. He is not 
    ‘No  the doctor                                                      He’s not 
 even a successful criminal! ’  Now the grey wife spoke to Wil- 
bourne so abruptly that for a moment he did not even know 
he was being addressed: 

                                                                          ’ 
    ‘Is there anything m that bag that would cure her ? 

    ‘Cure her?’ 
    ‘Yes Get her on her feet and get both of you out of this 
         ’       doctor turned on her now, speaking m that shrill 
house  The 
voice on the point ofbreaking 
    ‘Can’t you understand that this woman is dying 
    ‘Let her die. Let them both die. But not in this house Not 
 in this town. Get them out of here and let them cut on one 
 another and die as much as  they please ’                   Now Wilbourne 

 watched the doctor shaking the pistol in the wife’s face as the 
 other had shaken it in his 
    ‘I will not be interfered with!’ he cried.  ‘This woman is 

                                                    ’ 
 dying and this man must suffer for it 
    ‘Suffer fiddlesticks,’ the wife said           ‘You’re mad because he 
used a scalpel without havmg a diploma Or did something 
with it  the Medical Association said he mustn’t. Put that 
 thing down and give her whatever it is so she can get out of 
 that bed. Then give them some money and call a taxi-cab, not 
an ambulance Give him some ofmy money if you won’t your 

 own.’ 
    ‘Are you mad?’ the doctor cried                 ‘Are you insane'5 ’      The 

                                       zo 
                                          3 



wife looked at him coldly with her grey face beneath the 

 screws of grey hair 
   c So you will aid and abet him to the last, won t you  I m 
not surprised. I never yet saw one man fail to back up another, 
 provided what they wanted to do was just enough.  Again 
 she turned on (not to) Wilbourne with that cold abruptness 
 which for an instant left  him unaware that he was being 
 addressed: £ You haven’t eaten anything, I imagine. I’m going 

 to heat some coffee. You’ll probably need it by the time he and 

 those others get through with you.’ 
    c Thank you,’ Wilbourne said.  ‘I couldn’t            But she was 

 already gone He caught himself about to say, 'WaitI’ll show 
  you,’ then forgot this without even having to think that she 
  would know the kitchen better than he since she owned it, 
  moving aside as the doctor passed him and went to the bed, 
  following the doctor, watching him set the bag down then 
  seem to discover the pistol in his hand and look about for 
  something to lay it upon before remembering, then remem- 
  bering and turmng over his shoulder his dishevelled face. 

                          ’ 
     ‘Don’t you move1       he cried  ‘Don’t you dare to move!’ 
     ‘Get your stethoscope,’ Wilbourne said. H had thought 
  about something now, but maybe we had better wait.Ttecause 
   she will come out of it  once more, won’t she^ She’ll rally 
   another time. Of course she will  Go on. Get it out.’ 
      ‘You should have thought of that before!’ The doctor still 
   watched Wilbourne, glaring, still holding the pistol while he 
   fumbled the bag open and extracted the stethoscope, then, 
   still holding the pistol he ducked into the pronged tubes and 
   leaned, seeming to forget the pistol again because he actually 
   laid it on the bed, his hand still resting upon it but uncon- 
   scious of the pistol, merely supporting his leaning weight, 
   because there was peace m the room now, the fury gone, 
   Wilbourne could now hear the grey wife at the stove in the 
    kitchen and he could hear the black wind again, risible, jeer- 
    mg, constant, inattentive, and it even seemed to him that he 
    could hear the wild, dry clashing of the palms m it.  Then he 
    heard the ambulance, the first faint mounting wail, far away 
    } et, on the highway from the village, and almost immediately 
    the wife came m, carrying a cup. 

                                     204 



    'Here comes your joy-ride,’ she said. 'It never had time to 
get hot. But it will be something in your stomach/ 
  A 
    l thank you,’ Wilbourne said. ‘I do thank you. It wouldn’t 
stay down, you see/ 
   ‘Nonsense. Drink it/ 
   ‘I do thank you.’ The ambulance was wailing louder, it was 
coming fast, it was close now, the wail sinking into a grumble 
as it slowed, then rising into the wail again It seemed to be 
just outside the house, loud and peremptory and with an illu- 
sion of speed and haste even though Wilbourne knew it was 
now merely crawling up the rutted weed-choked lane which 
led from the highway to the house, this time when it sank to 
the groan it was just outside the house, the sound nowposses- 
sing a baffled grunting tone almost like the voice ofan ammal, 

a large one, bewildered, maybe even injured  ‘I do thank you. 
I realize there is always a certain amount ofinevitable cleaning> 
up in vacating a house It would be foolish to add to it this 
late/ Now he heard the feet on the porch, hearing them above 
his heart, the profound strong ceaseless shallow dredging at 
air, breath on the point of escaping his lungs altogether, now 
 (fhere was no knock) they were m the hall, the tramphng, 
three men entered, m civilian clothes - a youth with a close 

                           a 
crop of curly hair, m polo shirt and no socks, a neat wiry 
man of no age and fully dressed even to a pair ofhorn glasses, 
pushing a wheeled stretcher, and behind them a third man 
with the indelible mark of ten thousand Southern deputy 
sheriffs,  urban and suburban - the snapped hat-brim, the 
sadist’s eyes, the slightly and unmistakably bulged coat, the 
air not swaggering exactly but of a formally pre-absolved 
brutality. The two men with the stretcher wheeled it up to the 
bed m a business-like manner, it was the officer whom the 
doctor                 indicating                  r    his hand, and 
         addressed,                 Wilbourne v ith 
now;' Wilbourne knew the other had really forgot that the hand 

still held the pistol 
                             5                    ‘I will prefer formal 
    ‘Thisis your prisoner, the doctor said 
charges against him as soon as we get to town. As soon as I 

     5 
can 
    ‘Look out. Doc - Evening, Miss Martha,’ the officer said. 
 ‘Putthat thing down It might go off at any time. This fellow/ 

                                   205 



you got it from might of pulled the trigger before he turned 
it  over to you.5   The doctor looked at the pistol,  then kv \ ! 

bourne seemed to remembei him stowing it methodically into 
the scuffed bag along with the stethoscope, he just seemed to 
 remember this because he had followed the stretcher to the 

bed 
    ‘Easy now/ he said. ‘Don’t rouse her up She w on’t 
    ‘I’ll take charge of this/ the doctor said, m that u can voice 
 which had become peaceful at last after a fashion, as if it had 
 worn itself out yet winch would have, could have risen again 
 at need quick and easy, as if it had renewed itself, renev ed the 
 outragement. ‘This case has been turned over to me, remem- 

                                   5 
 ber that. I didn’t ask for it.     He approached the bed (it was 
 now that Wilbourne seemed to remember him putting the 
 pistol into the bag) and lifted Charlotte’s wrist.  ‘Go as easy 
  with her as you can But hurry. Doctor Richardson will be 
        and  will 
  there       I      follow in my car.’ The two men lifted Char- 
  lotte on to the stretcher. It was on rubber-ty red wheels; with 
  the hatless  youth pushing it         seemed to  cross  the  room 
  and vanish into the hall with incredible rapidity, as though 
  sucked there and not pushed  (the very wheels making a 
  sucking sound on the  floor),  by no human agency but 
  by time perhaps,  by some vent-pipe  through which the 
  irrevocable seconds were fleeing, crowding; even the night 

  itself 

      All right,  the officer said. ‘What’s your name'1       Wilson'3 ’ 
      Yes,  Wilbourne said. It went through the hall too that 
  way, sucked through, where the wiry man now had a flash- 
   hght, the usible dark wind chuckled and murmured into the 
   open door, leaning its weight against him like a black palpy 
   hand, he leamng into it,  on to it.  There would be the porch, 
   the steps beyond.  ‘She’s light/ Wilbourne said m a thin 
   anxious voice.  ‘She’s lost a lot of weight lately, I could carry 

                                                                          3 
   her if they would 
       They can too,  the officer said        ‘Besides, they are being 
   paid for it  Take it easy.’ 
       I know But that short one, that small.one with the light 
                      Stren8* for this. He likes it. You don’t want 
   to 
   to hurt his feelings  Take it easy.’ 

                                     206 



   ‘Look/ Wilboume said thinly,  murmuring,  ‘why don’t 

                                                          ’ 
you put the handcuffs on me? Why don’t you? 
   ‘Doyou want them? ’ the officer said And now the stretcher 

without stopping sucked off the porch too, into space, still on 
the same parallel plane as though it possessed displacement 
perhaps but no weight, it didn’t even pause, the white shirt 
and trousers of the youth seemed merely to walk behind it as 
it moved on behind the flashlight, towards the corner of the 
house, towards what the man from whom he had rented the 
house called the drive Now he could hear the threshing ofthe 
invisible palms, the wild dr}* sound of them 
   The hospital was a low building, vaguely Spanish (or Los 
Angeles), of stucco, almost hidden by a massy lushness of 
oleander. There were more of the shabby palms too,  the 
ambulance turning in at speed, the siren’s wail dying into the 
grunting ammal-hke fall, the tyres dr} and sibilant m oyster 
shells; when he emerged from the ambulance he could hear 

the palms rustling and hissing again as if they were being 
played upon by a sand-blower and he could smell the sea still, 
the same black wmd, but not so strong since the sea was four 
miles away, the stretcher coming out fast and smooth again 
as though sucked out, the feet of the four of them crisp m the 
dry fragile shells, and now m the corridor he began to blink 
again at his  sanded lids, painfully m the electric light, the 
stretcher sucking on, the wheels whispering on the linoleum, 
so that it was between two blinks that he saw,that the stretcher 
was now propelled by two nurses in uniform, a big one and a 
little one, he thinking how apparently there was no such thing 
as a matched stretcher team, how apparently all the stretchers 
in the world must be propelled not by two physical bodies m 
accord but rather by two matched desires to be present and 
 see what was going on Then he saw an open door fierce with 
light,  a surgeon already m operating tame beside it,                the 
 stretcher turning in, sucked through the door, the surgeon 
 looking at him once, not with curiosity but as you memorize 
 a face, then turning and following the stretcher as Wilbourne 
 was about to speak to him, the door (it sounded rubber- 
 tyred too) clapping to soundlessly m his face, almost slapping 
 his face, the officer at his elbow saying, 1 Take it easy.’ Then 

                                   207 



there was another nurse; he had not heard her, she did not 
look at him at all,  speaking bnefly to the officer. ‘ Okay,’ the 
officer said  He touched Wilbouine’s                    c 
                                              elbow.  Straight ahead. 

Just take it easy.’ 
                  -’ 
    ‘But let me 
    ‘Sure. Just take it  easy.’ It was another door, the nurse 
turning and stepping aside, her skirts cusp and sibilant too 
like the oyster shells,  she did not look at him at all.              They 
enteied, an office, a desk, another man m sterilized cap and 
tunic seated at the desk with a blank form and a fountain pen. 
He was older than the first one He did not look at Wilbourne 

 either. 

    ‘Name?’ he said. 

    ‘Charlotte Rittenmeyer.’ 
    ‘Miss?’ r 

    Mistress ’  The man at the desk wrote on the nad 
                                                  -        F   ‘ 
    ‘Husband?’ 
    ‘Yes’ 
    ‘Name?’ 
    Fiancis Rittenmeyer.’ Then he told the address too. The 
 pen flowed smooth and crisp. N»it’s the fountain pen I can’t 
 breathe tn} Wilbourne thought. ‘Can I 
     H WlU be nOUfied'’, Now ^man at the desk looked up 
 h,m H             ,                                                     at 
 7nd ne ' TTs           S’   fpUplk behmd them dKtoited slightly 
                                H°W d° y°U aCCOUnt for 
 ments not 
    ‘Theywere clean.’ 
    ‘Youthink so.’ 

   C 
    I know it.’ 

   c 
    Your first attempt?’ 
    ‘No Second.’ 

                                    r                    «' “*> 
                                    C °’St 
                                     ° 
p> nimbly bungle the blomm „t h            have said it\  Amiser would 
                                              f°° Shm,ldhme calkdm a 

                                                     ’ 
                                    ' 
flanks that held the money  So 1,     " *a"*’ d'dn t love fhe mJ ”on 

 moment the                                                              a 
                                                         ^ 
                man TZdeskdesk loTk 
                                    loofced down and wrote again, 

                                   208 



the pen travelling smoothly across the card. He said, still 

                                                           ’ 
writing, without looking up. ‘Wait outside 

   £ 
    1 ain’t to take him m now5 ’           the officer said 
    ‘No/ The man at the desk still did not look up. 
    ‘Couldn’t I         Wilbourne said         ‘Will you let          The pen 
stopped, but for a time longer the man at the desk looked at 
the card, perhaps reading what he had written.  Then he 
looked up 

   <                                          ’ 
    Why:'    She wouldn’t know you 

    ‘But she might come back. Rouse one more time. So I 
could - we could            The other looked at him The eyes were 

 cold. They were not impatient, not quite palpably patient. 
 Thev merely waited until Wilbourne’s voice ceased. Then the 
      4         J 

man at the desk spoke. 
    ‘Do you think she wall - Doctor^’ For a moment Wil- 
bourne blinked painfully at the neat scrawled card beneath the 
 day -coloured desk lamp, the clean surgeon’s hand holding the 
 uncapped pen beside it. 
    ‘No,’ he said quietly. The man at the desk looked down 
 again, at the card too since the hand holding the pen moved 
 to it and wrote again 
    ‘You wall be notified ’        Now he spoke to the officer, not 

                                                     ’ 
 looking up, writing steadily: ‘That’s all 
    ‘I better get him out of here before that husband blows in 
                                  hadn’t           ? ’     officer said 
 with a gun or something,                  I, Doc  the 
    ‘Youwill be notified,’ the man at the desk repeated without 
 looking up. 
    ‘All right. Jack,’ the officer said There v/as a bench, slotted 

 and hard, like in old-time open trolley cars  From it he could 
 see the rubber-tyred door It was blank, it looked final and 
 impregnable as an iron portcullis,  he saw with a kind of 
 amazement that even from this angle it hung in its frame by 
 only one side, lightly, so that for three-quarters ofits circum- 
 ference there was an unbroken line of Kkeg light  But she 
might, he thought She might. ‘Jesus,’ the officer said  He held 
an unlighted cigarette m his hand now (Wilbourne had felt 
the movement against his elbows)  ‘               - Jesus, you played - 
What did you say your name was-5  Webster 

    ‘Yes,’ Wilbourne said  1 could get there            I could trip him if 

                                     209 



              ,                                                         , 

necessary and get there. Because I would know I would. Smely they 

       not 
would                                                                  , 
    ‘You played hell,      didn’t  you. Using a knife.  1m old- 
fashioned, the old way still suits me I don’t want variety. 
   4 Yes,’ Wilbourne said.  There was no wind in here, no 
 sound of it, though it seemed to him that he could smell, if 
 not the sea, at least the dry and stubborn lingering of it in the 
 oyster shells in the drive* and then suddenly the corridor be- 
 came full of sound, the myriad minor voices of human fear 
 and travail which he knew, remembered - the carbolized 
 vacuums of linoleum and rubber soles like wombs into which 
 human beings fled before something of suffering but mostly 
  terror, to surrender m little monastic cells all the burden of 
  lust and desire and pride, even that of functional independ- 

  ence, to become as embryos for a time yet retaining still a little 

  of the old incorrigible earthy corruption - the light sleeping 
  at all hours, the boredom, the wakeful and fretful ringing of 
  little bells between the hours of midnight and the dead slow- 
  ing of dawn (finding perhaps at least this good use for the 
  cheap money with which the world was now glutted and 
   cluttered), this for a while, then to be born again, to emerge 
   renewed, to bear the world’s weight for another while as long 
   as courage lasted  He could hear them up and down the cor- 
   ridor - the tmkle ofthe bells, the immediate sibilance ofrubber 

   heels and starched skirts, the querulous murmur of voices 
   about nothing. He knew it well' and now still another nurse 
   came down the hall, already looking full at him, slowing as 
   she passed, looking at him, her head turning as she went on 
   like an owl’s head, her eyes quite wide and filled with some- 
   thing beyond curiosity and not at all  shrinking or horror, 
    going on. The officer was running his tongue around inside 
    his teeth as though seeking the remnants of food, possibly he 
    had been eating somewhere when the call came He still held 
    the unhghted cigarette 
        These doctors and nurses,’ he said,  'What a fellow hears 
    about hospitals. I wonder if there’s as much laying goes on m 
    them as you hear about ’ 

       '5°’’ Wllbourne salcl-     ‘There never is any place.’ 
        That s so. But you think of a place like a hospital. All full 

                                      210 



                                                                               \ 

of beds every which way you turn. And all the other folks fiat 
on their backs where they can't bother you And after all 
doctors and nurses are men and women And smart enough 
to take care of themselves or they wouldn’t be doctors and 
nurses. You know how it is.  How you think.’ 

   '                                                       5 
    Yes,’ Wilbourne said. ‘ You’ve just told me Because after all 
he thought, they are gentlemen.  They must be              They are stronger 
than m are  Above all this  Above clowning. They don’t need to be 
anything else but gentlemen. And now the second doctor or sur- 
       — 
geon  the one of the fountain pen - came out ofthe office and 
down the corridor, the skirts ofhis tunic sucking and snicking 
behind him too. He did not look at Wilbourne at all,  even 
when Wilbourne, watching his face, rose as he passed and 
stepped towards him, about to speak, the officer rising hur- 
riedly too, surging up. Then the doctor merely paused long 
enough to look back at the officer with one cold brief irascible 
glance through the glasses. 
    ‘Aren’t you in charge of this man5 ’          he said. 

    ‘Sure, Doc,’ the officer said. 

                                     ’ 
    ‘Thenwhat’s the trouble5 

    ‘Come on now, Watson,’ the officer said                ‘Take it easy, I 
tell you.’ The doctor turned, he had scarcely paused even. 
 ‘Howabout smoking. Doc?’ The doctor didn’t answer at all. 
He went on, his smock flicking.  ‘Come on here,’ the officer 

                                                                              ’ 
       ‘    downbefore you get yourselfin a jam or something 
said.  Sit 

Again the door went inward on its rubber tyres and returned, 
clapped silently to with that iron finality and that illusion of 
iron impregnability which was so false since even from here 
he could see how it swung in its frame by one side only, so 
that a child, a breath, could move it           ‘ Listen,’ the officer said 

 ‘just take it easy They’ll fix her up. That was Doc Richard- 
 son himself. They brought a sawmill nigger in here couple 
three years ago where somebody hit him across the guts with 
a razor m a crap game Well, what does Doc Richardson do, 
opens him up, cuts out the bad guts, sticks the two ends to- 
gether like you’d vulcanize an inner tube, and the nigger’s 
back at work right now. Of course he ain’t got but one gut 
and it ain’t but two feet long so he has to run for the bushes 
almost before he quits chewing. But he’s all right  Doc’ll fix 

                                     an 



her up the same way. Ain’t that better than nothing? Huh?’ 
    ‘Yes 5 Wilbourne said  'Yes. Do you suppose we could go 
outside* a while'’’ The officer rose with alacnt), the cigarette 

 still unlighted m his hand. 
    ‘ That’s an idea We could smoke then *            But then he could 

 not*                                                           *       •vy 
    ‘Yougo on. I’ll stay right here I’m not going to leave  You 

 know that.’ 
    ‘Well, I don’t know. Maybe I  could stand at the door 

 yonder and smoke.’ 
     ‘Yes. You can watch me from there.’  He looked up and 
  down the corridor, at the doors.  ‘Do you know where I 

  could go if I get sick?’ 

             ’ 
            1 
     ‘Sick' 
     ‘ Should have to vomit.’ 

     ‘I’ll call a nurse and ask her.’ 
     ‘No Never mind. I won’t need it            I don’t suppose I’ve got 
  anything more to lose Worth the trouble I’ll stay right here 
  until they call me.’ So the officer went on down the corridor* 
  onpast the door hung mits three fierce slashes oflight, and on 
  towards the entrance through which they had come Wil- 
   bourne watched the match snap under his thumb-nail and 

   flare  against his  face, beneath the hat-brim,  face  and hat 

   slanted to the match (not a bad face either exactly, just that of 
   a fourteen-year-old boy who had to use a razor; who had 
   begun too young to carry the authorized pistol too long), 
   the entrance door apparently still open because the smoke* the 
   first puff of it,  streamed back up the corridor, fading- so that 
   Wdbourne discovered that he really could smell the sea, the 
   black shallow slumbering Sound without surfwinch the black 
    wind blew over. Up the corridor, beyond an elbow, he could 
    hear the voices of two nurses, two nurses not two patients, 
    two females but not necessarily two women even, then be- 
    yond the same elbow one of the little bells tinkled, fretful, 
    peremptory, the two voices murmuring on, then they both 
    laughed, two nurses laughing not two women, the little queru- 
    lous bell becoming irascible and frenzied, the laughter con- 
     tinuing for half a minute longer above the bell, then the rubber 
     soles on the linoleum, hissing faint and fast, the bell ceased. It 

                                        212 



       \ 

was die sea he smelled; there was the taste of the black beach 
the wind blew over          it,    his 
                         m  m           lungs, up near the top of his 
lungs, going through that again but then he had expected to 
have to, each fast strong breath growing shallower and shal- 
lower as if his heart had at last found a receptacle, a dumping- 
place, for the black sand it dredged and pumped at: and now 
he got up too, not going anywhere, he just got up without in- 
tending to, the officer at the entrance turning at once, snapping 
the cigarette backward. But Wilbourne made no further move 
and the officer slowed; he even paused at the light-slashed door 
and flattened his hat brim against it,  agamst the crack for a 
moment Then he came on. He came on, because Wilbourne 
saw him, he saw the officer as you see a lamp-post which hap- 
pens to be between you and the street because the rubber- 
tyred door had opened again, outward this time.  (The Khegs 
ate off  he thought. They are off  They are off now) and the two 
doctors emerged, the door clashing soundlessly to behind 
them and oscillating sharply once but opening again before it 
could have resumed, re-entered immobility, to produce two 
nurses though he saw them only with that part of vision 
which still saw the officer because he was watching the faces 
of the two doctors coming up the corridor and talking to one 
another in clipped voices through their mouth-pads, their 
smocks flicking neady like the skirts of two women, passing 
him without a glance and he was sitting down again because 
the officer at his elbow said, ‘ That’s right. Take it easy/ and 

he found that he was sitting, the two doctors going on, pmch- 
waisted like two ladies,  the skirts  of the smocks snicking 
behind them, and then one ofthe nurses passed too, m a face- 
pad also, not looking at him either, her starched skirts rustling 
on, he (Wilbourne) sitting on the hard bench, listening  so 
that for a moment his heart evacuated him, beating strong and 
slow and steady but remote, leaving him globed m silence, in 
a roundvacuumwhere only the remembered wind murmured, 
to listen in, for the rubber soles to sibilate m, the nurse stop- 
ping at last beside the bench and now he looked up after a 

space 
    ‘Youcan go in now/ she said. 
   ‘All right/ he said. But he didn’t move at once. It's the same 

                                  213 



one who didn't look at me, be thought. She’s not looking at me now. 
Only she is looking at me non'.  Then he got up, it was all right, 
the officer rising too, the nurse looking at him now. 

                                                ’ 
                                               ? 
   ‘Do you want me to go in with you 
   ‘All right ’  It was all right  Probably a breath would do it 
yet when he put his hand on the door he found that his whole 
 weight would not do it, that is, he could not seem to get any 
 of his weight into it, the door actually like a fixed iron plate in 

 the wall except at that moment it fled suddenly before him on 
 its rubber tyres and he saw the nurse’s hand and arm and the 
 operating table, the shape of Charlotte’s body just indicated 
 and curiously flattened beneath the sheet. The Ivliegs were off, 
 the standards shoved away into a corner and only a single 
 dome light burned, and there was another nurse - he had not 
  remembered four of them ~ drying her hands at a sink But 
  she dropped the towel into a bin at that moment and passed 
  him, that is, walked into, then out ofhis vision, and was gone. 
  There was a blower, a ventilator, going somewhere near the 

  ceiling too, invisible or at least concealed, camouflaged, then 

  he reached the table, the nurse’s hand came and folded back 
  the sheet and after a moment he looked back past her, blink- 
  ing his dry, painful eyelids, to Vhere the officer stood in the 
  door  ‘It’s all right now/ he said.  ‘He can smoke now, can’t 

  he>’ 

      ‘No/the nurse said. 
      ‘Never mind/ he said.        ‘You’ll be through soon. Then 
   you 
      ‘Come/ the nurse said.  ‘You only have a minute.’ Only 
   this was not a cool wind blowing into the room hut a hot one 
   being forced out, so there was no smell m it of black sand it 
   had blown over. But it was a wind, steady, he could feel it 
   and see it, a lock of the daik savagely short hair stirring in it, 
   heavily because the hair was still wet, still damp, between the 
   closed eyes and the neat surgeon’s knot m the tape which sup- 
   ported her lower jaw. Only it was more than this. It was more 
   than just a slackemng of joints and muscles, it was a collapsing 
    of the entire body as undammed water collapses, arrested for 
    the moment for him to look at but still seeking that profound 
    and primal level much lower than that of the walking and up- 

                                     214 



fight, lower than the prone one of the little death called sleep, 
lower even than the paper-thin spurning sole, the flat earth 
itself and even this not low enough, spreading, disappearing, 
 slow at first then increasing and at last with incredible speed: 
gone, vanished, no trace left above the insatiable dust. The 
nurse touched his arm. Tome/ she said 
    ‘Wait/ he said, ‘wait/ But he had to step back, it came fast 
as before, the same stretcher on its rubber tyres, the wiry man 
hatless now too, his hair parted neatly with water, brushed 
forward then curved back at the brow like an old time bar- 

keeper’s, the flashlight m his hip pocket, the rim of his coat 

caught up behind it, the stretcher wheeling rapidly up broad- 
side to the table as the nurse drew the sheet up again. ‘I won’t 
need to help those two,’ he said. ‘Will P’ 
    ‘No,’ the nurse said  There was no especial shape beneath 
the sheet now at all and it came on to the stretcher as if it had 
no weight either. The stretcher whispered into motion again, 
wheeling sibilantly, sucking through the door again where the 
officer now stood with his hat m his hand Then it was gone. 
He could hear it for a moment longer. Then he could not The 
nurse reached her hand to the wall, a button clicked and the 
hum of the blower stopped. It was cut short off as if it had run 
full-tilt into a wall, blotted out by a tremendous silence which 
roared down upon him like a wave, a sea, and there was noth- 
ing for him to hold to, picking him up, tossing and spinning 
him and roaring on, leaving him blinking steadily and pain- 
fullyat his dry granulated lids. ‘Come,’ the nurse said. ‘Doctor 

                                              ’ 
Richardson says you can have a drink 
   ‘Sure, Morrison ’  The officer put his hat hack on. ‘Just take 

it easy.’ 

   The jail was somewhat like the hospital save that it was of 
two storeys, square, and there were no oleanders  But the 
palm was there. It was just outside his window, bigger, more 
shabby, when he and the officer passed beneath it to enter, 
with no wmd to cause it it had set up a sudden frenzied clash- 
ing as though they had startled it, and twice more during the 
night while he stood, shifting his hands from time to time as 
that portion of the bars which they clasped grew warm and 
began to sweat on his palms, it clashed again m that brief 

                                  215 



sudden inexplicable flurry. Then the tide began to fall in the 
river and he could smell that too - the sour smell of salt flats 
where oyster shells and the heads of shrimp rotted, and hemp 
and oil piling  Then dawn began (he had been hearing the 
shrimp boats putting out for some time) and he could sec the 
drawbridge on which the railroad to New Orleans crossed 
 standing suddenly against the paling sky and he heard the 
 tram from New Orleans and watched the approaching smoke 
 from the tram itself crawling across the bridge, high and toy- 
 like and pmk, like something bizarre to decorate a cake with, 
 in the flat sun that was already hot Then the tram was gone, 
 the pmk smoke The palm beyond the window began to mui- 
 mur, dry and steady, and he felt the cool morning breeze from 
 the sea, steady and filled with salt, clean and lodinic m the cell, 

 above the smell of creosote and tobacco-spit and old vomit; 
 the sour smell of the flats went away and now there would be 

 a glitter on the tide-chopped water, the gars rolling sluggishly 

 up and then down again among the floating garbage  Then 
  he heard feet on the stairs and the jailer entered with a tin mug 
  of coffee and a piece of factory-made coffee cake.  ‘Youwant 
                 ^ 5                       ^ 5 
  anything else     he said.  ‘Anymeat 
     ‘Thanks,’Wilbourne said  ‘Just the coffee. Or if you could 
  get me some cigarettes  I haven’t had any smee yesterday.’ 
     ‘I’ll leave you this until I go out.’ The jailer produced a 
  cloth tobacco-sack and papers from his shirt            ‘Can you roll 
  thenY’ 
     ‘I don’t know,’ Wilbourne said. ‘Yes Thanks. This will be 
  fine ’ But he didn’t make much of a job of it.  The coffee was 

  weak, oversweet, and hot, too hot to drink or even hold in the 
  hand, possessing seemingly a dynamic, inherent, inexhaustible 
   quality of renewable heat impervious even to its  own fierce 
   radiation  So he set the cup on his stool and sat on the cot’s 
   edge above it,  without realizing it he had assumed the im- 
   memorial attitude of all misery, crouching, hovering not in 
   grief but in complete guttish concentration above a scrap, a 

                                                                           ^ 
   bone which would require protection not from anything 
   which walked upright but from creatures which moved on 
   the same parallel plane with the protector and the protected, 
   pariah too, which would snap and snail with the protector for 

                                     216 



 It ia the dust. He poured from the doth sack into the creased 
 paper as he knew, vithout being able to remember at all 
 when and where he had seen the process, it should be done, 
, watching in mild alarm as the tobacco sprayed of? the paper in 
 the light wind which blew m the window, turning his body 
 to shelter the paper, realizing that his hand was beginning to 
 tremble though not concerned about it yet, laying the sack 
 carefully and blindly aside, watching the tobacco as if he were 
 holding die grams in the paper by the weight ofhis eyes, put- 
 ting the other hand to the paper and finding they were both 
 trembling now, the paper parting suddenly between his hands 
 with an almost audible report. His hands were shaking badly 
 now; he filled the second paper with a terrific concentration of 
 will, not of desire for tobacco but just to make the cigarette, 
 he deliberately raised his elbows from his knees and held the 
 filled paper before his calm unshaven faintly haggard face until 
 the trembling stopped But as soon as he relaxed them to roll 
 tile tobacco into the paper they began to tremble again but 
 this time he did not even pause, turning the tobacco carefully 
 into the paper, the tobacco raining faintly and steadily from 
 either end of the paper but the paper turning on He had to 
 hold it in both hands to lick it and then as soon as his tongue 
 touched the paper his head seemed to catch from the contact 
 the same faint uncontrollable jerking and he sat for an instant, 
 looking at what he had accomplished - the splayed raddled 
 tube already half empty of tobacco and almost too damp to 
 take fire. It took both hands to hold the match to it too, it not 
  smokebut a single thin lance of heat, of actual fire, which shot 
 ' into his throat. Nevertheless, the cigarettfe m his right hand 

 and his left hand gripping his right wrist, he took two more 
 draws before the coal ran too far up the dry side of the paper 
 to draw again and dropped it, about to -set his foot on it before 
 he remembered, noticed, that he was still barefoot, and so 
 letting it burn while he sat looking at the coffee mug with a 
  land of despair, who had shown none before this and perhaps 
 had not even begun to feel it yet, then taking up the mug, 
 holding it  as he had held the cigarette, wrist in hand, and 
 brought it to his mouth, concentrated not on the coffee but on 
 the drinking of it so that he perhaps forgot to remember that 

                               217 



the coffee was too hot to drink, making contact between the 
cup-rim and his steadily and faintly jerking head, gulping at 
the still well-nigh scalding liquid, driven back each time by 
the heat, blinking, gulping again, blinking, a spoonful of the 

coffee sloshing out of the cup and on to the door, splashing 
 over his feet and ankles like a handful of dropped needles 01 
 may be ice particles, realizing that he had begun to blink again 
 too and setting the mug carefully - it took both hands to make 
 contact with the stool too - on the stool again and sitting over 
 It again, hunched a little and blinking steadily at that granula- 
 tion behind his lids, hearing the two pair of feet on the stairs 
 this time though he did not even look towards the door until 
 he heard it open then clash again, then looking around and 
 up, at the double-breasted coat (it was of grey palm beach 
 now), the face above it freshly shaved but which had not slept 
  either, thinking (Wilbourne), He had so much more to do. Ijust 
 had to watt. He bad to get out at a minute's notice andfind someone to 
  stay with the children Rittenmeyer carried the suitcase - that one 
  which had come out fromunder the cot in the intern’s quarters 
  a year ago and had travelled to  Chicago and Wisconsin 
  and Chicago and Utah and San Antonio and New Orleans 
  again and now to jail  - and he came and set it beside the 
  cot  But even then the hand at  the end of the  smooth, 
  grey sleeve was not done, the hand going now inside the 

   coat 

      ‘There are your clothes,’ he said.  ‘I have made your bond. 
   They will let you out this morning.’ The hand emerged and 
   dropped on to the cot a sheaf of banknotes folded neatly 
   twice.   It s the same three hundred dollars         You carried it 
   long enough to have gained adverse possession. It should 
   get you a long way Far enough, anyhow. I’d say Mexico, 
   but then you can probably stay hidden anywhere if you’re 
   careful  But there won’t be any more. Understand that. This 

   is all’ 

       ‘jumpit*’ Wilbourne said  ‘Jump the baiP’ 
       Yes^l  Rittenmeyer said violently       ‘Get to hell away fiom 
   here 1 11 buy you a railroad ticket and send it to you 
       ‘I’m sorry,’ Wilbourne said. 
       ~ New Orleans; you could even ship out on a boat 



                       . 

   ‘I'm. sorry,* Wilbourne said. Rittenmeyer ceased. He was 
not looking at Wilbourne; he was not looking at anything. 
After a moment he said quietly: 
   * Think of her/ 

   *1 wish I could                 I 
                     stop. I wish  could         I 
                                            No don’t. Maybe that’s 
it. Maybe that’s the reason          Maybe that was, that was the 
first time when he almost touched it. But not yet* and that was 
all right too, it would return; he would find it, hold it, when 
the time was read} 
   ‘Thenthink about me,’ Rittenmeyer said. 
   ‘I wish I could stop that too I feel 
   ‘NotmeI’ the other said, v/ith that sudden violence again; 
                                       2     2 ’ And there 
 ‘don’t you feel sorry for me. See  See                     was some- 
thing else but he didn’t say it, couldn’t or wouldn’t He began 
to shake too, in the neat dark sober beautiful suit, murmuring, 

 ‘Jesus. Jesus. Jesus.’ 

   ‘Maybe I’m sorry because you can’t do anything. And I 
know why you can’t. An} body else would know why you 
                                        And  could do it and 
can’t  But that doesn’t help any.             I                    that 
would help some, not much maybe but some Only I can’t 
either. And I know why I can’t too. I think I do. Only I just 
haven’t      He ceased too. He said quietly*  ‘I’m sorry ’         The 

other ceased to tremble, he spoke as quietly as Wilbourne: 
   ‘ So you won’t go.’ 

   ‘Maybeif you could tell me why,’ Wilbourne said. But the 
other didn’t answer. He took an immaculate handkerchief 
fromhis breast pocket and wiped his face carefully with it and 
Wilbourne noticed too that the morning breeze from the sea 
had dropped, gone on, as if the bright, still cumulus-stippled 
bowl of sky and earth were an empty globe, a vacuum, and 
what wind there was was not enough to fill it but merely ran 
back and forth inside it with no schedule, obeying no laws, 
unpredictable and coming from and going nowhere, like a 
drove ofbndleless horses in an emptyplain. Rittenmeyer v/ent 
to the door and rattled it, not lookingback The jailer appeared 
and unlocked the door. He was not going'              to look back. 
 ‘You’ve forgotten the money,’ Wilbourne said.  The other 
turned and came back and took up the neat fold of notes. 
After a moment he looked at Wilbourne. 

                                  219 



   ‘So you won’t do it/ he said,  ‘Youwon’t.’ 
   ‘I’m sorry/ Wilbourne said. Only if he hadjust told vie why. 
Wilbourne thought  Maybe I would have.  Only he knew he 
would not have. Yet he continued to think it  from time to 
time while the last days of that June accomplished and became 
 July - the dawns while he listened to the heavy beat of the 
 shrimper engines standing down the river tov ards the Sound, 
 the brief cool hour of morning while the sun was still at his 

 back, the long glare  of brazen  afternoons while the salt- 

 impinged sun slanted full and fierce into lus window, printing 
 his face and upper body with the bars to which he held - and 

 he had even learned to sleep again, finding sometimes that he 
 had slept between two shiftings of his hands upon the sweat- 
 ing bars. Then he stopped thinking it       He didn’t know v, hen; 
 he did not even remember that Rittenmeycr’s visit had gone 
  completely out of his mind 
    One day - it was towards sunset, how he had failed to see it 
  before he did not know, it had been there twenty years - he 

  saw, beyond the flat one-storey border of the river, across the 
  river and towards the sea, the concrete hull of one of the 
  emergency ships built m 1918 and never finished, the hull, the 
  hulk, it had never moved, the ways rotted out from under it 
  years ago, leaving it  sitting on a mudflat beside the bright 
  glitter of the river’s mouth with a thin line of drying garments 
  across the after well deck The sun was setting behind it now 
  and he could not distinguish much, but the next morning he 
  discovered the projecting slant of stove pipe with smoke com- 
   ing out of it and he could distinguish the colour of the gar- 
   ments flapping m the morning sea-wind and watched later a 
   tiny figure which he knew to be a woman taking the garments 
   from the line, believing he could distinguish the gesture with 
   which she put the clothes pins one by one into her mouth, and 
   he thought. If we had known it we couldprobably have lived there 
   for the four days and saved ten dollars, thinking. Four days. It could 
   notpossibly have beenjustfour days. It couldnot', and watching, one 
   evening saw the dory come alongside and the man mount the 
   ladder with a long skein of net cascading downward from his 
    climbing shoulder, fragile and fairy-hke, and watched the man 
    mend the net under a morning’s sun, sitting on the poop, the 

                                    220 



net across bis knees, the sun on the mazy blonde webbing 
 tawmiy Silver And a moon began and waxed nightly while he 
 stood there^ and he stood there in the dying light while night 
by night It waned, and one afternoon he saw the dags, set one 
above another, rigid and streaming from the slender mast 
 above the Government station at the river mouth, agamst a 
 Hat steel-coloured scudding sky and all that night a buoy out- 
 side the river moaned and bellowed and the palm beyond the 
window threshed and clashed and just before dawn, m a driv- 
ing squall, the tail of the hurricane struck Not the hurricane; 
it was galloping off somewhere in the Gulf, just the tail of it, 
a dick of the mane in passing, driving up the shore ten feet of 
rolled and yellow tide which did not fall for twenty hours and 
 driving fiercely through the wild frenzied palm which still 
 sounded dry and across the roof of the cell,  so that all that 
 second night he could hear the boom of seas agamst the break- 
water m the crashing darkness and the buoy too, gurgling now 
between bellows; be could even seem to hear the roar of 
water streaming from it as it surged up again with each chok- 
ing cry, the ram driving on, into the next town but with less 
 fury now, on across the fiat land before the east wind- It would 
he even quieter inland, it v/ould become only a bright silver 
 summer murmur among the heavy decorous trees, upon the 
 clipped sward; it would be clipped; he could imagine it,  it 
would be a good deal like the park v/here he had waited, may- 
be even with children and nurses at times, the best, the very 
best; there would even be a headstone soon, at just exactly the 
right time, when restored earth and decorum stipulated; telling 
nothing; it would be clipped and green and quiet, the body, 
the shape of it under the drawn sheet, fiat and small and mov- 
 ing in the hands oftwo men as ifwithout weight though it did, 
nevertheless bearing and quiet beneath the iron weight of 
earth. Only that can?t be all ofit, he thought It can’t be  The waste. 
 Not of meat, there is always plenty of meat. They found that out 
 twentyyears ago preserving nations andjustifying mottoes - granted 
the nations the meatpreset ved are worth the preserving with the meat 
 it took gone. But memory. Surely memory exists independent of the 
flesh. But this was wrong too. Because it wouldn’t know it was 
memory, he thought. It wouldrft know what it was it remembered. 

                                 zzi 



So fare's got to be the old mat, the old frail eradtcable mat for 

memory to titillate. 
   That was the second time he almost got it.  But it escaped 
Vum again. But he was not trying yet, it was still all right, he 
was not worried; it would return when the time was ready and 
 even stand still to lus hand. Then one night lie was allowed a 
 bath, and a barber (they had taken his razor blades awa\ from 
 him) came early the next morning and shaved him, and m a 
 new shirt and manacled to an officer on one side and his court- 
 designated lawyer on the other he walked thiough the still 
 early sun, up the street where people - malaria-ridden men 
 from the sawmill swamps and the wind- and sun-bitten pro- 
  fessional shrimpers - turned to look after him, toward the 
  courthouse from the balcony of which a bailiff was already 
  crying  It was like the jail m its turn, of two stories, of the 
  same stucco, the same smell of creosote and tobacco spittle 
  but not the vomit, set in a grassless plot with a half dozen 
  palms and oleanders again too, blooming pink and white 
  above a low thick mass of lantana. Then an entry filled yet, for 
  a while yet, with shadow and a cellar-like coolness, the to- 
  bacco stionger, the air filled with a steady human sound, not 
  exactly speech but that droning murmur which might have 
  been the very authentic constant unsleeping murmur of func- 
  tioning pores  They mounted stairs, a door, he walked up an 
  aisle between filled benches while heads turned and the bailiff’s 
  voice still chanted from the balcony, and sat at a table between 
   his lawyer and the officer, then a moment later rose and stood 
   again while the gownless judge in a linen suit and the* high 
   black shoes of an old man came with a shoit quick purposeful 
   stride and took the Bench. It did not take long, it was business- 
   like-brief, twenty-two minutes to get a jury, his appointed 
   lawyer (ayoung man with a round moon face and myopic eyes 
   behind glasses, ma crumpled linen suit) challenging monoton- 
   ously, but it just took twenty-two minutes, the judge sitting 
   high behind a pme counter, grained and stained to resemble 
   mahogany, with his face which was not a lawyer’s face at all 
   but that of a Methodist Sunday School superintendent who on 
    week days was a banker and probably a good banker, a shrewd 
     anker, thin, with neat hair and a neat moustache and old- 

                                    222 



 fashioned gold-rimmed spectacles. ‘Howdoes the indictment 
 read?" he said. The clerk read it,  his voice droning, almost 
 drowsy among the redundant verbiage: ‘ .                . agamst the peace 
 and dignity of the State of Mississippi .           .  . manslaughter .  .  . ’ 

A man rose at the far end of the table  He wore a suit of 
 crumpled, almost disreputable, seersucker  He was quite fat 
and his was the lawyer’s face, a handsome face, almost noble, 

 cast for footlights, forensic, shrewd and agile:  the District 

Attorney. 

    ‘Webelieve we can prove murder, Your Honour.’ 
    ‘This man is  not indicted for murder, Mr Gower. You 
 should know that  Arraign the accused.’ Nov/ the plump 
young lawyer rose. Hehad neither the older one’s stomach nor 
the lawyer’s face, not yet anyway. 
    ‘Guilty, Your Honour,’ he said. And nowWilbourne heard 
it frombehind him - the long expulsion, the sigh. 
    ‘Is the accused trying to throw himself upon the mercy of 
this Court?’ the judge said. 
    ‘I just plead guilty. Your Honour,’ Wilbourne said.  He 
heard it again behind him, louder, but already the judge was 
hammering sharplywith his child’s croquet mallet. 

                                    ’ 
    ‘Don’t speak from thereT          he said    ‘Does the accused v/ish 
to throw himself on the mercy ofthe Court?’ 
    ‘Yes, Your Honour,’ the young lawyer said. 
    ‘Then you don’t need to make a case, Mr Gower. I will 
instruct the jury - ’  This time it was no sigh Wilbourne heard 

the caught breath, then it was almost a roar, not that loud of 
course, not yet, the little hard wooden mallet furious against 
the wood and the bailiff shouting something too, and there 
was movement, a surging sound of feet in it too, a voice cried, 

                                         ’ 
                                        1 
 ‘That’s itl Go ahead! Kill him            and Wilbourne saw it - the 
grey buttoned coat (the same one) moving steadily towards 
the Bench, the face, the outrageous face' the man who without 
any warmng had had to stand the wrong sort of suffering, the 
one suffering for which he was not fitted, who even now must 
be saying to himself, But why me? Why? What have I done? What 
in the world can I have done in my life? coming steadily on, then 
stopping and beginning to speak, the roar cutting short off as 
he opened his mouth: 

                                    223 



                                                 - 5 
  * Your Honour - If the Court please 
   ‘Whois this**’ the judge said 
   ‘I am Francis Rittenmeyer,’ Rittenmeyer said  Now it was 

a roar again, the gavel going again, the judge himself shouting 

now, shouting the roar into silence. 
   ‘ Order !  Order !   One more outbreak like this and I will clear 

                                     5 
the room1     Disaim that man ! 

                                                                      ’ 
                                                                   - 
    ‘I’m not armed,’ Rittenmeyer said  ‘I just want                     But al- 
 ready the bailiff and two othei men were upon him, the smooth 
 giey sleeves pinioned, while they slapped at his pockets and 

 sides. 

    ‘He’s not armed, Your Honour,’ the bailiff said  The judge 
 turned upon the District Attorney, trembling too, a neat 
 orderly man too old for this too. 

                                                                      ’ 
     ‘Whatis the meaning ofthis clowning, Mr Gower? 

                                                          ’ 
     ‘I don’t know, Your Honour. I didn’t - 

     ‘You didn’t summon him^’ 
     ‘I didn’t consider it  necessary. Out of consideration for 

        ’ 
      - 
 his 

     ‘Ifthe Couit please,’ Rittenmeyer said. ‘I just want to make 
  a - ’  The judge lifted his hand, Rittenmeyer ceased He stood 

  motionless, his face calm as a carving, with something about 

  it of the carved faces on Gothic cathedrals, the pale eyes poss- 
  essing something of the same unpupilled marble blankness 
  The judge stared at the District Attorney It (the District At- 
  torney’s) was the lawyer’s face now, completely watchful, 
   completely alert, the thinking going fast and secret behind it 
   The judge looked at the young lawyer, the plump one, hard. 
   Then he looked at Rittenmeyer  ‘This case is closed,’ he said 
    But if you still wish to make a statement, you may do so.’ 
   Now there was no sound at all, not even that ofbreathing that 
   Wilbourne could hear save his own and that of the young law- 
   yer beside him, as Rittenmeyer moved towards the witness 
   box 
       This case is closed,’ the judge said  ‘Theaccused is waiting 
    sentence     Make your statement  from there ’                Rittenmeyer 
    stopped He was not looking at the judge, he was not looking 
    at anything, his face calm, impeccable, outrageous 
        I wish to make a plea,’ he said Foi a moment the judge did 



                                                                    5 

 not move, staring at Rittenmeyer, the gavel still clutched in 
 Ins fist like a sabre, then he leaned slowly forward, staring at 
 Rittenmeyer: and Wilbourne heard it begin, the long in-suck- 
 ing, the gathering ofamazement andincredulity. 
     ‘Youwhat? ’ the )udge said. ‘Awhat? Aplea? For this man? 
 This man who wilfully and deliberately performed an opera- 
 tion on your wife which he knew might cause her death and 
 which did? ’ And now it did roar, mwaves, renewed, he could 
, hear the feet mit and the separate screamingvoices, the officers 
 of the Court charging into the wave like a football team: a 
 vortex of fury and turmoil about the calm immobile out- 
 rageous face above the smooth beautifully cut coat                         ‘Hang 

                                  ’ 
                                   ‘ 
 them!    Hang themboth 1           Lock them up together1           Let the son 
 of a bitch work on him this time with the knife 1                    roaring on 

 above the trampling and screaming, dying away at last but 
 still not ceasing, just muffled beyond the closed doors for a 

 time, then rising again from outside the building, the judge 

 standing now, his arms propped on the Bench, still clutching 
 the gavel, his head jerking and trembling, the head of an old 
 man indeed now. Then he sank slowly back, his head jerking 
 as the heads of old men do But his voice was quite calm, cold. 
 ‘ Give that man protection out of town. See that he leaves at 

        ’ 
 once 
     ‘I don’t think he better try to leave the building right now. 

                                                       ’ 
 Judge,’ the bailiff said  ‘Listen at them  But nobody had to 
 listen to hear it, not hysterical now, just outraged and angry. 
  ‘They ain’t hanging mad, just tar-and-feathenng mad. But 

               ’ 
            - 
 anyway 
     ‘All right,’  the judge said           ‘Take him to my chambers 
 Keep him there until after dark Then get him out of town. 
 Gentlemen of the jury,  you will  find the prisoner guilty 
 as charged and so bring in your verdict, which carries with 

 it  a  sentence at hard labour in the  State  Penitentiary at 

 Parchman for a period of not less than fifty years  You may 

         ’ 
 retire 

     ‘I reckon there’s no need of that, Judge,’ the foreman said. 
  ‘I reckon we are all - ’        The judge turned upon him, the old 
 man’s thm and trembling fury. 
     ‘You will retire! Do you wish to be held m contempt?’ 

                                        225 



They were gone less than two minutes, hardly long enough 
for the bailiff to close and then open the door. From outside 

the soundbeat on, rising and falling. 
   That afternoon it rained again, a bright silver curtain roaring 
out of nowhere before the sun could be hidden, galloping on 
vagrom and colt-like,  going nowhere, then thirty minutes 
later roaring back, bright and harmless in its  own steaming 
 footsteps But when, shortly after dark, he was returned to his 
 cell, the sky was ineffable and stainless above the last green of 
 twilight, arching the evening star, the palm merely murmuring 
 beyond the bars, the bars still  cool to lus hands though the 
 water, the rain, had long evaporated  So he had learned what 
 Rittenmeyer meant  And now he learned why He heard 
 the two pairs  of feet again but he did not turn from the 
 window until the door had opened then clanged and clashed 
 to and Rittenmeyer entered and stood for a moment, look- 
 ing at  him  Then Rittenmeyer took something from his 
 pocket and crossed  the  cell,         the hand extended.         ‘Here/ 
 he said     It  was a  small box for medicine,  unlabelled               It 
  contained one white tablet  For a moment Wilbourne looked 
  down at it  stupidly, though only for a moment  Then he 

  said quietly: 

     £          5 
      Cyanide 
     ‘Yes,’ Rittenmeyer said He turned, he was alreadv going’ 
  the -face calm, outrageous and consistent, the man who had 
  been right always and found no peace in it. 

                       5 
     ‘But I don’t -  Wilbourne said           'Howwill my just being 
              - 5 
  dead help       Then he believed he understood He said  'Wait.’ 
  Rittenmeyer reached the door and put his hand on it  Never- 
  theless he paused, looking back c It’s because I have got stale 

  I don’t think good Quick.’ The other looked at him, waiting. 
    I thank you. I do thank you I wish I knew I would do the 
   same for you in my turn.’ Then Rittenmeyer shook the door 
   once and looked again at Wilbourne - the face consistent and 
   right and damned forever The jailer appeared and opened the 

   door. 

       I m not doing it for you,’ Rittenmeyer said c Get that out 
   of your damned head ’       Then he was gone, the door clashed, 
   and it was no flash of comprehension, it was too qmet for that, 

                                     22.6 



  it -was just a simple falling of a jumbled pattern. Ofcourse, Wil- 
  bourne thought. That last day in New Orleans. Hepiomised her 
   Sht said, Not that bungling bastard Wilbowne, andhe promised her. 
  And that was it       That was all. It fell into the quiet pattern and 
   remained just long enough for lnm to see it,  then flowed, 
  vanished, gone out of all remembering forever and so there 
  was just memory, forever and inescapable, so long as there was 
  flesh to titillate. And now he was about to get it, think it into 
  words, so it was all right now and he turned to the window 
  and, holding the open box carefully beneath and pinching the 

  tablet in a folded cigarette-paper between thumb and finger he 

  rubbed the tablet carefully into powder on one of the lower 
  bars, catching the last dust in the box and wiping the bar with 
  the cigarette paper, and emptied the box on to the floor and 
  with his shoe-sole ground it into the dust and old spittle and 
  caked creosote until it had completely vanished and burned the 
  cigarette paper and returned to the window It was there, 
  waiting, it was all right, it would stand to his hand when the 
  moment came. Now he could see the light on the concrete 
  hulk, in the poop porthole which he had called the kitchen for 
  weeks now, as if he lived there, and now with a preliminary 
  murmur in the palm the light offshore breeze began, bringing 
  with it the smell of swamps and wild jasmine, blowing on 
  under the dying west and the bright star, it was the mght So 
  it wasn’t just memory. Memory was just half of it, it wasn’t 
  enough. But it must be somewhere, he thought There’s the waste. 
  Notjust me. At least I think I don’t meanjust me. Hope I don’t 
  mean just me. Let it be anyone, thinking of, remembering the 
  .body, the broad thighs, and the hands that liked bitching and 

t 

  making things  It seemed so little,  so little to want, to ask. 
   With all  the  old graveward-creeping,  the  old wrinkled withered 

   defeated clinging not even to  the  defeat but just to  cm old habit; 
   accepting the defeat even to be allowed to  cling to the habit - the 
   wheeling lungs, the troublesome guts incapable ofpleasure. But after 
   all memory could still five in the old wheezing entrails  and 
   now it  did stand to his hand, incontrovertible and plain, 
   serene, the palm clashing and murmuring, dry and wild and 

   faint and mthe night, but he could face it, thinking, Not could. 

   Will I want to.  So it is the old meat after all, no matter how old. 

                                       227 



B-’        if r. emery exists cmfside of the flesh tt won’t he memory he- 

- 
  t'hi it    ^ v i bi'j'.s what it remembers so when she became not then half 

          r 
c v m >rj became not and                I become not then all             remembering will 
      t                              if                               of 
r::r to a:. - Yes, he thought, between grief and nothing I will take 



                            OLD MAN 

One ofthe Governor’s young men arrived at the Penitentiary 
the next mormng That is, he -was fairly young (hewould not 
see thirty again though without doubt he did not want to, 
there being that about him which indicated a character which 
never had and never would want anything it did not, or was 
not about to, possess), a Phi Beta Kappa out of an Eastern 
university, a colonel on the Governor’s staff who did not buy 
it with a campaign contribution, who had stood in his negli- 
gentEastern-cut clothes and his arched nose and lazy contemp- 
tuous eyes onthegalleries ofanynumberoflittle lostbackwoods 
stores and told his  stories and received the guffaws of his 
overalled and spitting hearers and with the same look in his 
eyes fondled infants named in memory of the last admini- 
stration and m honour (or hope) of the next, and (it was said 
of him and doubtless not true) by lazy accident the behmds of 
some who were not infants any longer though still not old 
enough to vote. He was m the Warden’s office with a brief- 
case, and presently the deputy warden of the levee was there 
too. He would have been sent for presently though not yet, 
but he came anyhow, without knocking, with his hat on, 
railin   the Governor’s young man loudly by a nick-name and 
       g 
striking him with a flat hand on the backhand lifted one thigh 
to the Warden’s desk, almost between the Warden and the 
 caller,  the emissary. Or the vizier with the command, the 
knotted cord, as began to appear immediately. 
    ‘Well,’ the Governor’s young man said, ‘you’veplayed the 
 devil haven’t you*5 ’  The Warden had a cigar. He had offered 

 the caller one. It had been refused, though presently, while 
the Warden looked at the back of his neck with hard im- 
mobility even a little grim, the deputy leaned and reached back 
 and opened the desk drawer and took one. 
   ‘ Seems straight enough to me,’ the Warden said  ‘ He got 
 swept away against his will. He came back as soon as he could 

                    ’ 
 and surrendered 
    ‘He even brought that damn boat back,’ the deputy said. 

                 £ 
                                  229 



"If he’d a throwed the boat away he could a walked back in 
                                                                 “ 
three days. But no sir. He’s got to bring the boat back.           Here’s 
your boat and here’s the woman but 1 never found no bastard 
on no cotton-house; ” ’  He slapped his knee, guffawing.  Them 
convicts. A mule’s got twice as much sense.’ 
   "A mule’s got twice as much sense as anything except a rat,’ 
 the emissary said m his pleasant voice.            But that s  not the 

 trouble.’ 
    ‘What is the trouble?’ the Warden said. 
    ‘This man is dead.’ 
    ‘Hell fire, he ain’t dead,’ the deputy said.  ‘He’s up yonder 
 in that bunkhouse right now, lying his head off probly. I’ll 
 take you up theie and you can see him.’ TheWarden was look- 

 ing at the deputy. 
     ‘Look,’ he said.  ‘Bledsoe was trying to tell me something 
  about that Kate mule’s leg. You better go up to the stable 

         ’ 
  and - 

     ‘I done tended to it,’ the deputy said. He didn’t even look 
  at the Warden He was watching, talking to, the emissary. 

                         ’ 
   ‘Nosir  He ain’t - 

     ‘Buthe has received an official discharge as being dead. Not 
  a pardon nor a parole either, a discharge He’s either dead, or 
  free. In either case he doesn’t belong here.’ Now both the 
  Warden and the deputy looked at the emissary, the deputy’s 
  mouth open a little,  the cigar poised in his hand to have 
  its  tip bitten off.  The emissary spoke pleasantly, extremely 
   distinctly   ‘Ona report of death forwarded to the Governor 
   by the Warden of the  Penitentiary’  The deputy closed 
   his mouth, though otherwise he didn’t move ‘Onthe official 
   evidence of the officer delegated at the time to the charge 
   and returning of the body of the prisoner to the Peniten- 
   tiary.’  Now the deputy put the cigar into his mouth and 
   got slowly off the desk, the cigar rolling across his lip as he 

   spoke* 

       So that s it  I m to be it, am P’ He laughed shortly, a stage 
    augh, two notes  When I done been right three times runnin 
    through three separate administrations^ That’s on a                   g 
                                                                     book 
    somewhere too. Somebody in Jackson can find that too. And 
    if they can’t, I can show- ’ 

                                      230 



   * Three administrations?’ the emissary said.                     ‘Well, well. 

                           ’ 
That’s pretty good 
    ‘You damn light it’s good,’ the deputy said.  ‘The woods 
are full of folks that didn’t.’ The Warden was again watching 
the back ofthe deputy’s neck. 
    ‘Look/ he said         ‘Whydon’t you step up to my house and 
get that botde of whisky out of the sideboard and bring it 
down here'*’ 
    ‘All right/ the deputy said. ‘But  think we 
                                                I             better settle this 

                                              ’ 
fust. I’ll tell you what we’ll do - 

    ‘Wecan settle it quicker with a dunk or two/ the Warden 
said  ‘Youbetter step on up to your place and get a coat so the 

           ’ 
bottle - 

    ‘That’ll take too long/ the deputy said                 ‘I won’t need no 
coat.’ He moved to the door, where he stopped and turned. 
 ‘I’ll tell you what to do. Just call twelve men in here and tell 
him it’s a jury - he never seen but one before and he won’t 
 know no better - and try him over for robbing that train. 

                                ’ 
Hamp can be the judge 
    ‘Youcan’t try a man twice for the same crime/ the emissary 
said. ‘ Hemight know that even ifhe doesn’t knowa jury when 

he sees one.’ 
    ‘Look/ the Warden said. 
    ‘All right  Just call it  a new train robbery  Tell him it 
happened yesterday, tell him he robbed another train while he 
was gone and just forgot it. He couldn’t help himself. Besides, 
he won’t care. He’d just as lief be here as out He wouldn’t 
have nowhere to go if he was out None of them do. Turn one 
loose and be damned if he ain’t right back here by Christmas 
 like it was a reunion or something, for doing the very same 
 thing they caught him at before.’ He guffawed again. ‘Them 

 convicts.’ 

    ‘Look/ the Warden said              ‘While you’re there, why don’t 
 you open the bottle and see if the liquor’s any good Take a 
 drmk or two. Give yourself time to feel it.  If it’s not good, 

                                  '  ’ 

 no use mbringing it.’ 
    ‘ O K./ the deputy said He went out this time 
    ‘ Couldn’t you lock the door^ ’ the emissaiy said TheWarden 

 squirmed faintly. That is, he shifted his position in his chair. 

                                       231 



   ‘Afterall, lie’s right,’ he said. ‘He’sguessed right three times 
now. And he’s lan to all the folks m Pittman County except 

the niggers.’ 
    ‘Maybe we can work fast then.’ The emissary opened the 
bnef-case and took out a sheaf of papers.  ‘So there you aic, 

he said 
    ‘There what are?’ 
    ‘He escaped.’ 
                                                                    ’ 
    ‘But he came back voluntarily and surrendered 

     ‘But he escaped.’ 

                                                                                  5 
     ‘All right/ the Waiden said              ‘He escaped. Then what> 

 Now the emissary said look. That is, he said, 
     ‘Listen. I’m on per diem  That’s tax-payers, votes  And if 
  there’s any possible chance for it to occur to anyone to hold 
  an investigation about this, there’ll be ten senators and twenty- 
  five representatives here on a special train maybe. Onper diem. 
  And it will be mighty hard to keep some of them from going 
  back to Jackson by way of Memphis or New Orleans - onper 

  diem/ 

      ‘All right/ the Warden said  ‘Whatdoes he say to do? 
      ‘This The man left here in charge of one specific officer. 

                                                                  ’ 
  But he was delivered back heie              a 
                                          by  different one 
      ‘But he surren- ’        This time the Warden stopped of his 
   own accord  He looked, stared almost, at the emissary. ‘All 

                    ’ 
   right  Go on 
      ‘In specific charge of an appointed and delegated officer, 
   who returned here and repoited that the body of the prisoner 
   was no longer m his possession, that, m fact, he did not know 
   where the prisoner was That’s correct, isn’t it** The Warden 
   said nothing. ‘Isn’tthat correct* ’  the emissary said, pleasantly, 

   insistently. 

       But you can’t do that to him. I tell you he’s lan to half 

           ’ 
    the - 

        That s taken care of. The Chiefhas made a place for him on 
    the highway patrol.’ 
        Hell, theWarden said. ‘ He can’t ride a motor-cycle. I don’t 
    even let him try to drive a truck.’ 
       * He won,t have to  Surely an amazed and giateful State can 

     supp y the man who guessed light three times m succession m 

                                          232 



Mississippi general elections with a car to ride in and somebody 
to run it if necessary. He won’t even have to stay m it all the 
time. Just so he’s near enough so when an inspector sees the 
car and stops and blows the horn ofit he can hear it and come 

out.’ 

   £ 
    I still don’t like it,’ the Warden said. 

    ‘Neither do I. Your man could have saved all of this if he 
had just gone on and drowned himself, as he seems to have led 
everybody to believe he had. But he didn’t. And the Chief says 
do. Can you think of anything better?’ TheWarden sighed. 
    ‘No,’ he said. 
    ‘All right ’ The emissary opened the papers and uncapped a 

pen and began to write. ‘Attempted escape from the Peniten- 
tiary, ten years’ additional sentence,’ he said. ‘DeputyWarden 
Buckworth transferred to Highway Patrol Call it for meritor- 

                                                                               ’ 
ious service even if you want to It won’t matter now. Done? 

    ‘Done,’ the Warden said. 

                                                                               ’ 
    ‘Then suppose you send for  him.  Get it                     over with 
 So the Warden sent for the tall convict and he arrived pres- 
 ently, saturnine and grave, m his new bed-ticking, his jowls 
blue and dose under the sun-burn, his hair recently cut and 
neatly parted and smelling faintly of the prison barber’s (the 
barber was in for life, for murdermg his wife, still a barber) 
pomade. TheWarden called him by name. 
    ‘Youhad bad luck, didn’t you^’ The convict said nothing. 
 ‘Theyare going to have to add ten years to your time.’ 

    ‘All right,’ the convict said. 

    ‘It’s hard luck. I’m soiry.’ 

    ‘All right,’ the convict said. ‘If that’s the rule.’ 

    So they gave him the ten years more and the Warden gave 
 him the cigar and now he sat, jack-knifed backward into the 
 space between the upper and lower bunks, the unhghted agar 
 in his hand, while the plump convict and four others listened 
 to him. Or questioned him, that is,  since it was all  done, 
 finished, 'now and he was safe again, so maybe it wasn’t even 
 worth talking about any more 
    ‘All right,’ the plump one said. ‘ So you come back into the 

                          ’ 
 River. Then what ? 

    ‘Nothing. I rowed.’ 

                                      233 



    ‘Wasn’t it pretty hard rowing coming back?’ 
    ‘Thewater was still high It was running pretty bard still. 
 I never made much speed for the first week or two. After that 
 it got better.’ Then, suddenly and quietly, something - the in- 

 articulateness, the innate and inherited reluctance for speech, 
  dissolved and he found himself, listening to himself, telling it 
  quietly, the words coming not fast but easily to the tongue as 
  he required them: How he paddled on (he found out by trying 
  it that he could make better speed, if you could call it speed, 
  next the bank - this after he had been carried suddenly and 
  violently out to midstream before he could prevent it  and 
  found himself, the skiff, travelling back towaids the region 
  fromwhich he had )ust escaped and he spent the better part of 
  the morning getting back inshore and up to the canal again 
   fromwhich he had emerged at dawn) until night came and they 
   tied up to the bank and ate some of the food he had secreted in 
  his jumperbefore leaving the armoury in New Orleans and the 
'  woman and the infant slept in the boat as usual and when day- 

   light came they went on and tied up again that night too and 
   the next day the food gave out and he came to a landing, a 
   town, he didn’t notice the name ofit, and he got a job. It was a 
               - 
   cane farm 
      ‘Cane?’ one ofthe other convicts said  ‘Whatdoes anybody 
   want to raise cane for? You cut cane. You have to fight it 
   where I come from Youburn it just to get shut ofit.’ 
      ‘It was sorghum,’ the tall convict said. 
       Sorghum?’ another said.  ‘A whole farm just raising sor- 
   ghum? Sorghum?What did they do with it? ’ The tall one didn’t 
    know. He didn’t ask, he just came up the levee and there was a 
    truck waiting full ofmggers and a white man said, ‘Youthere. 
    Can you run a shovelplough? ’ and the convict said, ‘ Yes,’ and 
    the man said, ‘Jumpin then,’ and the convict said: ‘OnlyI’ve 
          -’ 
    got a 

       Yes,  the plump one said  ‘That’s what I been aiming to 
                    - 
    ask What did       ’ The tall convict’s face was grave, his voice 
    was calm, justa little short• 
       ‘Theyhad tents for the folks to live in. They were behind.’ 
    The plump one blinked at him 
        ‘Did they think she was your wife?’ 

                                     2-34 



   *1 don’t know. I reckon so/ The plump one blinked at him. 

   ‘Wasn’t she your wife? Just from time to time kind of, you 
might say?’ The tall  one didn’t answer this at all.  After a 
moment he raised the cigar and appeared to examine a loosen- 
ing ofthe wrapper because after another moment he licked the 
cigar carefully near the end. ‘All right,’ the plump one said. 
 ‘Thenwhat?’ So he worked there four days. He didn’t like it. 
Maybe that was why: that he too could not quite put credence 
in that much ofwhat he believed to be sorghum. Sowhen they 
told him it was Saturday and paid him and the white man told 
him about somebody who was going to Baton Rouge the next 
day m motor              he went to see the man and took 
        a         boat,                                          the six 

dollars he had earned and bought food with it and tied the 
skiff behind the motor boat and went to Baton Rouge. It 
didn’t take long and even after they left the motor boat at 
Baton Rouge and he was paddling again it seemed to the con- 
vict that the River was lower and the current not so fast, so 
hard, so they made fair speed, tying up 'to the bank at night 
among the willows, the woman and baby sleeping m the skiff 
as of old. Then the food gave out again. This time it was a 
wood landing, the wood stacked and waiting, a wagon and 
team being unladen of another load. The men with the wagon 
told him about the saw-mill and helped him drag the skiff up 
the levee; they wanted to leave it there but he would not so 
they loaded it on to the wagon too and he and the woman got 
on the wagon too and they went to the saw-mill. They gave 
them one roomma house to live in here Theypaid,two dollars 
a day and furnish. The work was hard. He liked it. He stayed 

there eight days 

   ‘If you liked it so well, why did you quit?’ the plump one 
 said.  The tall  convict examined the cigar again,  holding 
 it up where the light fell upon the rich chocolate-coloured 

 flank 

    ‘I got in trouble,’ he said. 
    ‘Whattrouble?’ 

                                        ’ 
    ‘Women. It was a fellow’s wife 
    ‘Youmean you had been toting one piece up and down the 
 country day and night for over a month, and now the first time 
 you have a chance to stop and catch your breath almost you 

                                  235 



got to get in trouble over another one? *       The tall convict had 
thought of that. He remembered it*  how there weic times, 
seconds, at first when if it had not been for the baby he might 
have, might have tried. But they were just seconds because in 
the next instant his whole being would seem to flee the very 
idea in a land of savage and horrified revulsion; he would find 
himself looking from a distance at tins millstone which the 
 force and power ofblind and risible Motion had fastened upon 
 him, thinking, saying aloud actually, with harsh and savage 
 outrage even though it had been two years since he had had a 
 woman and that a nameless and not young Negress, a casual, 
 a straggler whom he had caught more or less by chance on one 
 of the fifth-Sunday visiting days, the man - husband or sweet- 
 heart -whom she had come to see having been shot by a trusty 

                                                                    1 
 a week or so previous and she had not heard about it:                She 
 ain’t even no good to me for that.’ 
     ‘Butyou got this one, didn’t you?’ the plump convict said. 
  ‘Yah.’ the tall one said. The plump one blinked at him 
     ‘Was it good?’ 
     ‘It’s all good,’ one of the others said  ‘Well? Go on. How 
  many more did you have on the way back? Sometimes when 
  a fellow starts getting it it looks like he just can’t miss even 
  if -’ That was all, the convict told them. They left the saw- 

  mill fast, he had no time to buy food until they reached the 
  next landing There he spent the whole sixteen dollars he had 
   earned and they went on The River was lower now, there 
  was no doubt of it,  and sixteen dollars’ worth looked like a 
   lot of food and he thought maybe it would do, would be 
   enough But maybe there was more current m the River still 
   than it looked like  But this time it was Mississippi, it was 
   cotton; the plough handles felt right to his palms again, the 
   strain and squat of the slick buttocks against the middle 
   buster s blade was what he knew, even though they paid him 
   but a dollar a day here. But that did it       He told it: they told 
   him it was Saturday again and paid him and he told about it — 
   night, a smoked lantern m a disc of worn and barren earth as 
    smooth as silver, a circle of crouching figures, the importunate 
    murmurs and ejaculations,  the meagre piles  of worn bills 
    beneath the crouching knees, the dotted cubes clicking and 

                                     236 



                                         . 

                                                                          5 
 scattering in the dust; that did it.      'Howmuch did you win? 
the second convict said 
    'Enough/ the tall one said. 
    'But how much?’ 
    'Enough/the tall one said. It was enough exactly: he gave it 
all to the man who owned the second motor boat (he would 
not need food now) he and the woman in the launch now and 
 the skiff towing behind, the woman with the baby and the 
paper-wrapped parcel beneath his peaceful hand, on his lap; 
 almost at once he recognized, not Vicksburg because he had 
never seen Vicksburg, but the trestle beneath which on his 
 roaring wave oftrees and houses and dead animals he had shot, 
 accompanied by thunder and lightning, a month and three 
 weeks ago; he looked at it once without heat, even without 
 interest as the launch went on. But now he began to watch the 
 bank, the levee. He didn’t know how he would know but he 
 knew he would, and then it was early afternoon and sure 
 enough the moment came and he said to the launch owner: 

 'I reckon this will do.’ 

    'Here?’ the launch owner said.  'This don’t' look like any- 
 where to me.’ 
    'I reckon this is it/ the convict said. So the launch put in- 
 shore, the engine ceased, it drifted up and lay against the levee 
 and the owner cast the skiff loose. 
    ‘Youbetter let me take you on until we come to something/ 
 he said. 'Thatwas what I promised.’ 
    'I reckon this will do/the convict said So they got out and 
 he stood with the grapevine painter in his hand while the 
 launch purred again and drew away, already curving; he did 
 not watchut. He laid the bundle down and made the painter 
 fast to a willow root and picked up the bundle and turned. He 
 said no word, he mounted the levee, passmg the mark, the 
 tide-line of the old raging, dry now and lined, traversed by 
 shallow and empty cracks like foolish and deprecatory senile 
 grins and entered a willow clump and removed the overalls 
 and shirt they had given him in New Orleans and dropped 
‘ them without even looking to see where they fell and opened 

 the parcel and took out the other, the known, the desired, 
 faded a little, stained and worn, but clean, recognizable, and 

                                  v23 7 



put them on and returned to the skiff and took up the packlle. 

Thewomanwas already in it. 
   The plump convict stood blinking at him.              So you come 
back/ he said. ‘Wellwell/ Now they all watched the tall con- 
vict as he bit the end from the cigar neatly and with complete 
 deliberation and spat it out and licked the bite smooth and 
 damp and took a match from his pocket and examined the 
 match for a moment as though to be sure it was a good one, 
 worthy of the cigar perhaps, and raked it up his thigh with the 
 same deliberation - a motion almost too slow to set fire to it, 
 it would seem - and held it until the flame burned clear and 
 free of sulphur, then put it to the cigar. The plump one wat- 
  ched him, blinking rapidly and steadily.  ‘And they give you 
  ten years more for running That’s bad. A fellow can get used 
  to what they give him at first, to start off with, I don’t care 
               it   even a bundled and nincty-nme  ears. But ten 
  how much  is,                                           \ 
  more years  Ten years more, on top of that. When you never 
  expected it.  Ten years to have to do without no society, no 

                               5 
  female companionship -  He blinked steadily at the tall con- 
  vict But he (thetall convict) had thought of that too He had 
  had a sweetheart. That is, he had gone to church singings and 
  picnics with her ~ a girl a year or so younger than he, short- 
   legged, with ripe breasts and a heavy mouth and dull eyes like 
   ripe muscadines, who owned a baking-powder can almost full 
   of ear-rings and brooches and rings bought (or presented at 
   suggestion) from ten-cent stores. Presently he had divulged 
   his plan to her, and there were times later when, musing, the 
   thought occured to him that possibly if it had not been for her 
   he would not actually have attempted it - this a mere feeling, 
   unworded, since he could not have phrased this either: that 
   who to know what Capone’s uncandled bridehood she might 
    not have dreamed to be her destmy and fate, what fast car 
    filled with authentic coloured glass and machine guns, run- 
    mng traffic lights  But that was all past and done when the 
    notion first occurred to him, and in the third month of lus 
    incarceration she came to see him She wore ear-rings and a 
    bracelet or so which he had never seen before and it never 
    became quite clear how she had got that far from home, and 
    she cried violently for the first three minutes though presently 

                                     238 



  (and without his ever knowing either exactly how they had 
  got sepaiated or how she had made the acquaintance) he saw 
  her in animated conversation with one of the guards. But she 
  kissed him before she left that evening and said she' would 

  return the first chance she got, clinging to him, sweating a 

  little,  smelling of scent and soft young female flesh, slightly 
’ pneumatic. But she didn’t come back though he continued to 

  write to her, and seven months later he got an answer. It was 
  a postcard, a coloured lithograph of a Birmingham hotel, a 
, 

  childish Xinked heavily across one window, the heavy writing 
  on the reverse slanted and primer-like too  This is where we’ie 
  honnymonmng at. Yourfriend (Mrs) Vernon Waldrip. 
     The plump convict stood blinking at the tall one, rapidly 
  and steadily. ‘Yes, sir,’ he said  ‘It’s them ten more years that 
. hurt. Ten more years to do without a woman, no woman at 
  all a fellow wants        He blinked steadily and rapidly, watckmg 
  the tall one The other did not move, jack-knifed backward 
  between the two bunks, grave and clean, the cigar burning 
  smoothly and richly in his  clean steady hand, the smoke 
  wreathing upward across his face saturnine, humourless, and 
                                -’ 
  calm. ‘Tenmote years 
                 - 
   ^ ‘Women  P the .tall convict said. 






                                                                        . 

                WILLIAM FAULKNER 

e Mr Faulkner is       . .  the greatest living novelist in English’ - 
New Statesman 

                        GO DOWN, MOSES 

The seven dramatic stories  in this  volume show this  great 
writer’s compassionate understanding of the Negroworld of the 
Deep South. (1434) 

 ‘Hasa richness ofcolour and feeling that belongs to maturity .  . 
exceptional wisdom and sympathy’ - Observer 

                  INTRUDER IN THE DUST 

This novel is, in effect, a thriller, but it is intimately concerned 
with racialism and the status of the Negro Faulkner is himself a 
Southerner  (1432) 

 ‘A very good novel indeed’ - John Betjeman 

                       LIGHT IN AUGUST 

Once described as a ‘macabrefantasy’ and, again, as an ‘epileptic 
fit’, Eight in August has now come to be seen as an American 
literary landmark  (1433) 

 ‘Burns throughout with a fierce indignation against cruelty, 
 stupidity, and prejudice ... a great book’ - Spectator 

                     REQUIEM FOR A NUN 
 Explosively dramatic, in both form and content, this book tells 
 the story of a Negro nursemaid, condemned to be hanged for 

 killing her mistress’s baby. (1435) 

            NOT FOR SALE IN THE U S A  OR CANADA 
