WILLIAM FAULKNER 

   Go Down, 

   MOSES 

RANDOM HOUSE : NEW YORK 

            To Mammy 

        CAROLINE BARR 

             Mississippi 

            [1840-1940] 

Who was born in slavery and who 

gave to my family a fidelity without 

stint or calculation of recompense 

and to my childhood an immeasur-

      able devotion and love 

           CONTENTS 

Was                                        3 

The Fire and the Hearth                   33 

Pantaloon in Black                       135 

The Old People                           163 

The Bear                                 191 

Delta Autumn                             335 

Go Down, Moses                           369 

Was 

                                 I. 

 Isaac McCaslin, 'Uncle Ike',  past seventy and nearer 

eighty  than he ever corroborated any more,  a widover 

now and uncle to half a county and father to no one 

   this  was not  something participated  in  or  even seen 

by himself, but by his elder cousin, McCaslin Edmonds, 

grandson of Isaac's father's sister and so descended by the 

distaff, yet notwithstanding the inheritor, and in his time 

the bequestor, of that which some had thought then and 

some still  thought should have been Isaac's, since his was 

the name in which the title  to the land had first  been 

granted from the Indian patent and which some of the 

descendants of his  father's  slaves still  bore in  the land. 

But Isaac was not one of these:—a widower these twenty 

years, who in all his life had owned but one object more 

than he could wear and carry in his pockets and his hands 

at one time, and this was the narrow iron cot and the stained 

lean mattress which he used camping in the woods for 

deer and bear or for fishing or simply because he loved 

the woods; who owned no property and never desired to 

since the earth was no man's but all men's, as light and 

air and weather were; who lived still  in the cheap frame 

bungalow in Jefferson which his wife's father gave them 

                                  3 


on their marriage and which his wife had willed to him at 

her death and which he had pretended to accept, acquiesce 

to,  to humor her, ease her going but which was not his, 

will or not, chancery dying wishes mortmain possession or 

whatever, himself merely holding it for his wife’s sister and 

her children who had lived in it with him since his wife’s 

death, holding himself welcome to live in one room of it 

as he had during his wife’s time or she during her time 

or the sister-in-law  and her children during the rest  of 

his and after 

   not something he had participated in or even remem- 

bered except from the hearing, the listening, come to him 

through and from his cousin McCaslin born in  1850 and 

sixteen years his senior and hence, his own father being 

near seventy when Isaac, an only child, was born, rather 

his brother than cousin and rather his father than either, 

out of the old time, the old days 

                                 2. 

   When he and Uncle Buck ran back to the house from 

discovering that Tomey’s Turl had run again, they heard 

Uncle Buddy cursing and bellowing in the kitchen, then 

the fox and the dogs came out of the kitchen and crossed 

the hall  into the dogs’ room and they heard them run 

through the dogs’ room into his and Uncle Buck’s room 

then they saw them cross the hall again into Uncle Buddy’s 

room and heard them run through Uncle Buddy’s room 

into the kitchen again and this time it         sounded like the 

whole kitchen chimney had come down and Uncle Buddy 

bellowing like a steamboat blowing and this time the fox 

and the dogs and five or six sticks of firewood all came out 

                              WAS 

                                                                  5 

of the kitchen together with Uncle Buddy in the middle 

of them hitting at everything in sight with another stic k. 

It was a good race. 

   When he and Uncle Back ran into their room to j.et 

Uncle Buck  necktie, the 

              s                fox had treed behind the deck 

on the mantel. Uncle Buck got the necktie from the drav er 

and kicked the dogs off and lifted the fox down by t             le 

seruff of the neck and sho\ed it back into the crate un( er 

the bed and they went to tlie kitchen, where Uncle Bud ly 

was picking the breakfast up out of the ashes and wiping 

it off with his apron. ^Wh.it in damn's hell do you meaii," 

he said,   ‘'turning that  damn fox out with the dogs  ill 

loose in the house?" 

   “Damn the fox," Uncle Buck said.  “Tomey  Turl 

                                                       s       has 

broke out again. Give me and Cass some breakfast quick. 

We might just barely catch him before he gets there." 

   Because they knew exactly where Tomey s  Turl had 

gone, he went there every time he could slip off,  which 

was about twice a year.  He was heading for Mr Hubert 

Beauchamp s place just over the edge of the next county, 

that Mr Hubert's sister. Miss Sophonsiba (MrHubert was 

a bachelor too, like Uncle Buck and Uncle Buddy) was 

still  trying to make people call Warwick after the place 

in England that she said Mr Hubert was probably the true 

earl  of  only he never even had enough pride,  not to 

mention energy, to take the trouble to establish his just 

         Tomey  Turl would go there to hang around Mr 

rights.          's 

Hubert's girl, Tennie, until somebody came and got him. 

They couldn't keep him at home by buying Tennie from 

Mr Hubert because Uncle Buck said he and Uncle Buddy 

had so many niggers already that they could hardly walk 

around on their own land for them, and they couldn't 


 sell Tomey  Turl 

            s       to Mr Hubert because Mr Hubert said 

he not only wouldn't buy Tomey's Turl, he wouldn't have 

 that damn white half-McCaslin on his place even as a 

 free gift, not even if Uncle Buck and Uncle Buddy were 

 to pay board and keep for him. And if  somebody didn't 

    and get Tomey  Turl right 

go                  's             away, Mr Hubert would 

 fetch him back himself, bringing Miss Sophonsiba, and 

 they would stay for a week or longer, Miss Sophonsiba 

 living in Uncle Buddy's room and Uncle Buddy moved 

 clean out of the house, sleeping in one of the cabins in the 

quarters where the niggers used to live in his great-grand- 

 father's time until his great-grandfather died and Uncle 

Buck and Uncle Buddy moved all the niggers into the big 

house which his great-grandfather had not had time to 

finish,^ and not even doing the cooking while they were 

there and not even coming to the house any more except to 

sit  on the front gallery after supper, sitting in the dark- 

ness between Mr Hubert and Uncle Buck until after a 

while even Mr Hubert would give up telling how many 

more head of niggers and acres of land he would add to 

what he would give Miss Sophonsiba when she married, 

and go to bed.  And one midnight last        summer Uncle 

Buddy just happened by accident to be awake and hear 

Mr Hubert drive out of the lot and by the time he waked 

them and they got Miss Sophonsiba up and dressed and 

the team put to the wagon and caught Mr Hubert, it was 

almost daylight. So it was always he and Uncle Buck who 

went to fetch Tomey's  Turl because Uncle Buddy never 

went anywhere, not even to town and not even to fetch 

Tomey's   Turl from Mr Hubert's, even though they all 

knew that Uncle Buddy could have risked it ten times as 

much as Uncle Buck could have dared. 

                           WAS                              7 

   They ate breakfast fast. Uncle Buck put on his necktie 

while  they were running toward the  lot  to  catch  the 

horses. The only time he wore the necktie was on Tom *y's 

Turls account and he hacin't even had it out of the dra ver 

since  that  night  last summer when Uncle Buddy  lad 

waked them in the dark and said,  '*Get up out of that ')ed 

and damn quick.'' Uncle Buddy didn't own a neckti<         at 

all; Uncle Buck said  Uncle Buddy wouldn't  take          hat 

chance even in a section like theirs, where ladies wen so 

damn seldom thank God that a man could ride for day  in 

a straight line without having to dodge a single one.  His 

grandmother (she was Uncle Buck's and Uncle Buddy's 

sister;  she had raised him following his mother's death. 

That was where he had got his Christian name: McCaslin, 

Carothers McCaslin Edmonds) said that Uncle Buck and 

Uncle Buddy both used the necktie just as another way 

of daring people to say they looked like twins, because even 

at  sixty  they would still fight  anyone who claimed he 

could not tell  them apart; whereupon his father had an- 

swered that any man who ever played poker once with 

Uncle Buddy would never mistake him again for Uncle 

Buck or anybody else. 

   Jonas had the two horses saddled and waiting.  Uncle 

Buck didn't mount a horse like  he was any sixty years 

old either, lean and active as a cat, with his round, close- 

cropped white head and his hard little  gray eyes and his 

white-stubbled jaw, his  foot  in  the  iron  and the horse 

already moving, already running at  the open gate when 

Uncle Buck came into the seat. He scrabbled up too, onto 

the shorter pony, before Jonas could boost him up, clap- 

ping the pony with his  heels into its     own stiff,  short- 

coupled canter,  out  the  gate  after  Uncle Buck, when 


Uncle Buddy (he hadn't even noticed him) stepped out 

from the gate and caught the bit.         ''Watch him/' Uncle 

Buddy said.     "Watch Theophilus. The minute anything 

begins to look wrong, you ride to hell back here and get 

me. You hear?" 

   "Yes, sir," he said.  "Lemme go now. I wont even ketch 

                                                " 

Uncle Buck, let alone Tomey's Turl 

   Uncle Buck was riding  Black John, because if             they 

could just catch sight of Tomey's Turl at least one mile 

from Mr Hubert's gate. Black John would ride him down 

in two minutes. So when they came out on the long flat 

about three miles from Mr Hubert's, sure enough, there 

was Tomey's Turl on the Jake mule about a mile ahead. 

Uncle Buck flung his  arm out  and back,  reining  in, 

crouclied on the big horse, his little  round head and his 

gnarled neck thrust forward like a cooter's.  "Stole away!" 

he whispered. "You stay back where he wont see you and 

flush. I'll  circle him through the woods and we will bay 

him at the creek ford." 

   He waited until  Uncle Buck had vanished  into  the 

woods. Then he went on. But Tomey's Turl saw him. 

He closed in too fast; maybe he was afraid he wouldn't be 

there in time to see him when he treed.  It was the best 

race he had ever seen.  He had never seen old Jake go 

that fast, and nobody had ever known Tomey's Turl to go 

faster than his natural walk, even riding a mule. Uncle 

Buck whooped once from the woods, running on sight, 

then Black John came out of the trees,  driving,  soupled 

out flat  and level as a hawk, with Uncle Buck right up 

 behind his ears now and yelling so that they looked exactly 

like a big black hawk with a sparrow riding it,  across the 

 field and over the ditch and across the next field,  and he 

                              WAS                                9 

was running too; the mare went out before he even knew 

she was ready, and he was yelling too.  Because, beinj  a 

nigger, Tomey's Turl should have jumped down and r m 

for it  afoot as soon as he ‘aw them. But he didn't; ma^ be 

Tomey's Turl had been ninning olEF  from Uncle Buck  or 

so long that he had even ,;ot used to running away lik :         a 

white man would do it.  And it was like he and old              ke 

                                                              J 

had added Tomey's TuiI n        natural walking speed to        he 

best that old Jake had ever done in his life,  and it  v^as 

just exactly enough to be it     Uncle Buck to the ford,  be- 

cause when he and the pony arrived,  Black John ^ /as 

blown and lathered and Uncle Buck was down, lead ng 

him around in a circle to slow him down, and they could 

already hear Mr Hubert's dinner horn a mile away. 

   Only, for a while Tomey's Turl didn't seem to be at 

Mr Hubert's either. The boy was still  sitting on the gate- 

post, blowing the horn—there was no gate there; just two 

posts and a nigger boy about his  size  sitting  on one of 

them, blowing a fox-hom; this was what Miss Sophonsiba 

was still reminding people was named Warwiek even when 

they had already known for a long time that's what she 

aimed to have it  called, until when they wouldn't call it 

Warwick she wouldn't even seem to know what they were 

 talking about and it would sound as if she and Mr Hubert 

owned two separate plantations covering the same area of 

ground, one on top of the other. Mr Hubert was sitting 

in the spring-house with his boots off and his feet in the 

water,  drinking  a  toddy.  But  nobody  there  had  seen 

Tomey's Turl; for a time it looked like Mr Hubert couldn't 

 even place  who Uncle Buck was talking  about.               ‘^Oh, 

 that nigger," he said at last.  ‘We'll find him after dinner." 

   Only it didn't seem as if they were going to eat either. 


Mr Hubert and Uncle Buck had a toddy, then Mr Hubert 

finally sent to tell the boy on the gate post he could quit 

blowing, and he and Uncle Buck had another toddy and 

Uncle Buck still    saying,  '1 just want my nigger.  Then 

we got to get on back toward home.^^ 

   '^After dinner,'' Mr Hubert said.  'If we dont start him 

somewhere around the kitchen, we'll put the dogs on him. 

They'll find him if  it's  in the power of mortal Walker 

dogs to do it." 

   But at last a hand began waving a handkerchief or some- 

thing white through the broken place in an upstairs shut- 

ter. They went to the house, crossing the back gallery, Mr 

Hubert warning them again, as he always did, to watch out 

for tl^e  rotted floor-board he hadn't got around to having 

fixed yet. Then they stood in the hall, until presently there 

was a jangling and swishing noise and they began to smell 

the perfume, and Miss Sophonsiba came down the stairs. 

Her hair was reached under a lace cap; she had on her 

Sunday dress  and beads  and a  red  ribbon  around her 

throat and a little  nigger girl  carrying her fan and he 

stood quietly a little  behind Uncle Buck, watching her 

lips until they opened and he could see the roan tooth. 

He had never known anyone before with a roan tooth and 

he remembered how one time his  grandmother and his 

father were talking about Uncle Buddy and Uncle Buck 

and his grandmother said that Miss Sophonsiba had matured 

into a fine-looking woman once. Maybe she had. He didn't 

know. He wasn't but nine. 

   "Why, Mister Theophilus," she said.  "And McCaslin," 

 she said.  She had never looked at  him and she wasn't 

 talking to him and he knew it,  although he was prepared 

                               WAS                                 II 

and balanced  to  drag his  foot  when Uncle Buck 

 ‘'Welcome to Warwick.” 

   He and Uncle Buck dragged their foot. "I just come to 

get my nigger,” Uncle Buc k said.  "Then we got to get  )n 

back home.” 

   Then Miss Sophonsiba  aid something about a burnt e- 

bee, but he couldn’t remember that.  It was too fast a id 

there was too much of it,       the earrings and beads clashi ig 

and jingling like little trac«3 chains on a toy mule trotti ig 

and the perfume stronger too,  like the earrings and be^ ds 

sprayed it  out each time t!iey moved and he watched tie 

roan-colored tooth flick and glint between her lips;  some- 

thing about Uncle Buck was a bee sipping from flower to 

flower and not staying long anywhere and all  that stored 

sweetness to be wasted on Uncle Buddy’s desert air, calling 

Uncle Buddy Mister Amodeus like she called Uncle Buck 

Mister Theophilus, or maybe the honey was being stored 

up against the advent of a queen and who was the lucky 

queen and when? "Ma’am?” Uncle Buck said.  Then Mr 

Hubert said: 

   "Hah. A buck bee. I reckon that nigger’s going to think 

he’s  a buck hornet,  once he lays hands on him. But I 

reckon  what Buck’s  thinking  about  sipping  right  now 

is  some meat gravy and biscuit and a cup of coffee. And 

           }} 

         I . 

   They went into  the dining room and ate  and Miss 

 Sophonsiba said how seriously now neighbors just a half 

day’s ride apart ought not to go so long as Uncle Buck 

did, and Uncle Buck said Yessum, and Miss Sophonsiba 

said  Uncle Buck was just  a  confirmed roving bachelor 

 from the cradle born and this time Uncle Buck even quit 

 chewing and looked and said, Yes, ma’am, he sure was, 


and bom too late at it to ever change now but at least he 

could thank God no lady would ever have to suffer the 

misery of living with him and Uncle Buddy, and Miss 

Sophonsiba said ah, that maybe Uncle Buck just aint met 

the woman yet who would not only accept what Uncle 

Buck was pleased to call misery, but who would make 

Uncle Buck consider even his  freedom a  small price  to 

pay, and Uncle Buck said,  ''Nome. Not yet.'' 

   Then he and Mr. Hubert and Uncle Buck went out 

to the front gallery and sat down. Mr Hubert hadn't even 

got done taking his  shoes off  again and inviting Uncle 

Buck to  take his  off,  when Miss Sophonsiba came out 

the door carrying a tray with another toddy on it.  "Damnit, 

Sibbey," Mr Hubert said.  "He's just et.  He dont want to 

drink that now." But Miss Sophonsiba didn't seem to hear 

him at all.   She stood there,  the roan tooth not flicking 

now but fixed because she wasn't talking now, handing 

the toddy to Uncle Buck until after a while she said how 

her papa always said nothing sweetened a Missippi toddy 

like the hand of a Missippi lady and would Uncle Buck 

like to see how she use to sweeten her papa's toddy for 

him? She lifted the toddy and took a sip of it  and handed 

it  again to Uncle Buck and this  time Uncle Buck took 

it. He dragged his  foot again and drank the toddy and 

said if Mr Hubert was going to lay down, he would lay 

down a while too, since from the way things looked Tomey's 

Turl was fixing to give them a long hard race unless Mr 

Hubert's dogs were a considerable better than they used 

to be. 

   Mr Hubert and Uncle Buck went into  the  house. 

After a while he got  up too and went around to  the 

back yard to wait for them. The first  thing he saw was 

                             WAS                               13 

Tomey^s TurFs head slipping along above the lane fence. 

But when he cut across the yard to turn him, Tomey's Trrl 

wasn't even running. He was squatting behind a bu ;h, 

watching the house, peering around the bush at the bj ck 

door and the upstairs  wmdows, not whispering exac :ly 

but not talking loud eithei :   ^'Whut they doing now?" 

   '^Theyre taking a nap now," he said.  ''But never m id 

that;  they're  going to put  the dogs on you when tl  ey 

   "Hah," Tomey's Turl '^aid.      "And nem you mind t  lat 

neither. I got protection n- )w. All I needs to do is to kt ep 

Old Buck from ketching me unto I gets the word." 

   "What word?" he said. *    Word from who? Is Mr Hubert 

going to buy you from Uncle Buck?" 

   "Huh," Tomey's Turl said again. "I got more protection 

than whut Mr Hubert got even." He rose to his feet.  "I 

gonter tell you something to remember: anytime you wants 

to git something done, from hoeing out a crop to getting 

married, just get the womenfolks to working at it.         Then 

all  you needs to do is  set down and wait.  You member 

that." 

   Then Tomey's Turl was gone. And after a while he 

went back to the house. But there wasn't anything but the 

snoring coming out of the room where Uncle Buck and 

Mr Hubert were, and some more light-sounding snoring 

coming from upstairs.  He went to  the spring-house and 

sat with his  feet  in the water as Mr Hubert had been 

doing, because soon now it  would be cool enough for a 

race.  And sure enough, after  a while Mr Hubert and 

Uncle Buck came out onto the back gallery,  with Miss 

Sophonsiba right behind them with the toddy tray only 

this time Uncle Buck drank his before Miss Sophonsiba 


had time to sweeten it,  and Miss Sophonsiba told them to 

get back early,  that all  Uncle Buck knew of Warwick 

was just dogs and niggers and now that she had him, she 

wanted to show him her garden that Mr Hubert and no- 

body else had any sayso in.  ‘'Yessum,'' Uncle Buck said. 

*1 just want to catch my nigger. Then we got to get on 

back home.'' 

   Four or five niggers brought up the three horses. They 

could already hear the dogs waiting still   coupled in the 

lane, and they mounted and went on down the lane, to- 

ward the quarters, with Uncle Buck already out in front 

of even the dogs. So he never did know just when and 

where they jumped Tomey's Turl, whether he flushed out 

of one of the cabins or not. Uncle Buck was away out in 

front on Black John and they hadn't even cast the dogs 

yet when Uncle Buck roared,  ''Gone away! I godfrey, he 

broke cover then!" and Black John's feet clapped four times 

like pistol shots while he was gathering to go out,  then 

he and Uncle Buck vanished over the hill like they had 

run at the blank edge of the world itself. Mr Hubert was 

roaring too;  "Gone away! Cast them!" and they all  piled 

over the crest of the hill just in time to see Tomey's Turl 

away out across the flat,   almost to the woods,  and the 

dogs streaking down the hill and out onto the flat.  They 

just tongued once and when they came boiling up around 

Tomey's Turl it looked like they were trying to jump up 

and lick him in the face until even Tomey's Turl slowed 

down and he and the dogs all  went into the woods to- 

gether, walking, like they were going home from a rabbit 

hunt. And when they caught up with Uncle Buck in the 

woods, there was no Tomey's Turl and no dogs either, 

nothing but old Jake about a half an hour later, hitched 

                             WAS                              15 

in a clump of bushes with Tomey^s Turl's coat tied  on 

him for a saddle and near a half bushel of Mr Hubert's 

oats scattered around on the ground that old Jake ne' er 

even had enough appetite left to nuzzle up and spit ba ck 

out again. It wasn't any r.ice at all. 

   'We'll get him tonight though," Mr Hubert said.  'W 'll 

bait for him. We'll throw a picquet of niggers and d<gs 

around Tennie's house abc ut midnight, and we'll get hii i." 

   "Tonight, hell,"  Uncle Buck said.  "Me and Cass a id 

that nigger all  three are  ^oing to be half way home by 

dark. Aint one of your niggers got a  fyce or something 

that will trail  them hounds?" 

   "And fool around here in the woods for half the night 

too?" Mr Hubert said.  "When I'll  bet you five hundred 

dollars that all you got to do to catch that nigger is to walk 

up to Tennie's cabin after dark and call him?" 

   "Five hundred dollars?" Uncle Buck said.  "Done! Be- 

cause me and him neither one are going to be anywhere 

near Tennie's house by dark. Five hundred dollars!"  He 

and Mr Hubert glared at one another. 

   "Done!" Mr Hubert said. 

   So they waited while Mr Hubert sent one of the niggers 

back to the house on old Jake and in about a half an hour 

the nigger came back with a little  bob-tailed black fyce 

and a new bottle of whisky. Then he rode up to Uncle 

Buck and held something out to him wrapped in a piece 

of paper. "What?" Uncle Buck said. 

   "It's for you," the nigger said. Then Uncle Buck took 

it and unwrapped it.  It was the piece of red ribbon that had 

been on Miss Sophonsiba's  neck and Uncle Buck sat 

there on Black John, holding the ribbon like it was a little 

water moccasin only he wasn't going to let  anybody see 


he was afraid of it,     batting his eyes fast  at the nigger. 

Then he stopped batting his eyes. 

   'Whatfor?'' he said. 

   "She just sont hit  to you," the nigger said.  "She say 

to tell  you 'success'." 

   "She said what?" Uncle Buck said. 

   "I  dont  know, sir,"     the  nigger  said.    "She just  say 

 success'." 

   "Oh," Uncle Buck said. And the fyce found the hounds. 

They heard them first,       from a considerable distance.  It 

was just before sundown and they were not trailing, they 

were making the noise dogs make when they want to get 

out of something. They found what that was too.  It was 

a ten-foot-square cotton-house in a field  about two miles 

from Mr Hubert's house and all eleven of the dogs were 

inside it   and the door wedged with a  chunk of wood. 

They watched the dogs come boiling out when the nigger 

opened the door, Mr Hubert sitting his horse and looking 

at the back of Uncle Buck's neck. 

   'Well, well," Mr Hubert said.  "That's something, any- 

way. You can use them again now. They dont seem to 

have no more trouble with your nigger than he seems to 

have with them." 

   "Not enough," Uncle Buck said.  "That means both of 

 them. I'll  stick to the fyce." 

   "All  right,"  Mr Hubert said.        Then he  said,      "Hell, 

 'Filus, come on. Let's go eat supper. I tell you, all you got 

                                        " 

to do to catch that nigger is 

   "Five hundred dollars," Uncle Buck said. 

    'What?" Mr Hubert said.  He and Uncle Buck looked 

at each other.  They were not glaring now. They were 

not joking each other either.  They sat  there in  the be- 

                           WAS                             17 

ginning of twilight,  looking at  each other, just blinking 

a little. 'What five  hundred dollars?’'  Mr Hubert said. 

"That you wont catch that nigger in Tennie’s cabin  at 

midnight tonight?” 

   "That me or that nigger neither aint going to be ne ir 

nobody’s house but mine at midnight tonight.” Now th iy 

did glare at each other. 

   "Five hundred dollars,” Mr Hubert said.  "Done.” 

   "Done,” Uncle Buck said. 

   "Done,” Mr Hubert said. 

   "Done,” Uncle Buck said 

   So Mr Hubert took the dogs and some of the niggt rs 

and went back to the house. Then he and Uncle Buck and 

the nigger with the fyce went on, the nigger leading old 

Jake with one hand and holding the fyce’s leash (it was a 

piece of gnawed plowline) with the other.  Now Unde 

Buck let  the fyce smell Tomey’s Turl’s coat; it  was like 

for the first time now the fyce found out what they were 

after and they would have let him off the leash and kept 

up with him on the horses, only about that time the nig- 

ger boy began blowing the fox-hom for supper at the house 

and they didn’t dare risk it. 

   Then it was full dark. And then—he didn’t know how 

much later nor where they were, how far from the house, 

except that it was a good piece and it  had been dark for 

good while and they were still going on, with Uncle Buck 

leaning down from time to time to let the fyce have an- 

other smell of Tomey’s Turl’s coat while Uncle Buck took 

another drink from the whisky bottle—they found that 

Tomey’s Turl had doubled and was making a long swing 

back toward the house. "I godfrey, we’ve got him,” Uncle 


Buck said.  ‘‘He’s going to earth. We’ll cut back to the 

house and head him before he can den.” So they left the 

nigger to cast the fyce and follow him on old Jake, and 

he and Uncle Buck rode for Mr Hubert’s, stopping on the 

hills to blow the horses and listen to the fyce down in the 

creek bottom where Tomey’s Turl was still  making his 

swing. 

   But they never caught him. They reached the dark 

quarters; they could see lights still burning in Mr Hubert’s 

house and somebody was blowing the fox-hom again and 

it wasn’t any boy and he had never heard a fox-horn sound 

mad before either, and he and Uncle Buck scattered out on 

the slope below Tennie’s cabin. Then they heard the fyce, 

not trailing  now but yapping, about a mile away, then 

the nigger whooped and they knew the fyce had faulted. 

It was at  the creek. They hunted the banks both ways 

for more than an hour, but they couldn’t straighten Tomey’s 

Turl out. At last even Uncle Buck gave up and they started 

back toward the house, the fyce riding too now, in front of 

the nigger on the mule. They were just coming up the lane 

to the quarters; they could see on along the ridge to where 

Mr Hubert’s house was all dark now, when all  of a sud- 

den the  fyce gave a  yelp and jumped down from old 

Jake and hit the ground running and yelling every jump, 

and Uncle Buck was down too and had snatched him off 

the pony almost before he could clear his feet from the 

irons, and they ran too,  on past the dark cabins toward 

the one where the fyce had treed.  “We got him!” Uncle 

Buck said.  “Run around to the back.  Dont holler;  just 

 grab up a stick and knock on the back door, loud.” 

   Afterward, Uncle Buck admitted that it  was his own 

                              WAS                                19 

mistake,  that he had forgotten when even a little  child 

should have known: not e\er to stand right in front of <)r 

right behind a nigger when you scare him; but always  :o 

stand to one side of him. Llncle Buck forgot that. He w is 

standing facing the front d(or and right in front of it, wi h 

the fyce right in  front of  him yelling  fire  and murd ‘.r 

every time it could draw a new breath; he said the first 1  e 

knew was when the fyce ;.:ave  a shriek and whirled ai d 

Tomeys Turl was right behind it.           Uncle Buck said 1      e 

never even saw the door open; that the fyce just screamt d 

once and ran between his  legs  and then Tomey's Turl 

ran right  clean  over him.  He never even hobbled;  be 

knocked Uncle Buck down and then caught him before 

he fell without even stopping, snatched him up under one 

arm, still  running, and carried him along for about ten 

feet,  saying,  'Took out of here,  old  Buck. Look out of 

here, old Buck,'^ before he threw him away and went on. 

By that time they couldn^t even hear the fyce any more 

at all. 

   Uncle Buck wasn't hurt; it was only the wind knocked 

out of him where Tomey's Turl had thrown him down 

on his back. But he had been carrying the whisky bottle 

in his back pocket,  saving the last  drink until  Tomeys 

Turl was captured, and he refused to move until he knew 

for certain if it was just whisky and not blood. So Uncle 

Buck laid over on his side easy, and he knelt behind him 

and raked the broken glass out of his pocket. Then they 

went on to the house. They walked. The nigger came up 

with the horses, but nobody said anything to Uncle Buck 

about riding again.  They couldn't hear the  fyce at  all 

now. "He was going fast,  all  right,"  Uncle Buck said. 


“But I dont believe that even he will catch that fyce, I 

godfrey, what a night.” 

   “We’ll catch him tomorrow,” he said. 

   “Tomorrow, hell,” Uncle Buck said. “We’ll be at home 

tomorrow. And the first  time Hubert Beauchamp or that 

nigger either one set foot on my land, I’m going to have 

them arrested for trespass and vagrancy.” 

   The house was dark. They could hear Mr Hubert snor- 

ing good now, as if he had settled down to road-gaiting 

at it.  But they couldn’t hear anything from upstairs, even 

when they were inside the dark hall,  at the foot of the 

stairs. “Likely hers will he at the back,” Uncle Buck said. 

"Where she can holler down to the kitchen without having 

to get up. Besides, an unmarried lady will sholy have her 

doorlocked with strangers in the house.” So Uncle Buck 

eased himself down onto the bottom step,  and he knelt 

and drew Uncle Buck’s boots off.  Then he removed his 

own and set them against the wall, and he and Uncle Buck 

mounted the stairs, feeling their way up and into the upper 

hall.  It was dark too, and still  there was no sound any- 

where except Mr Hubert snoring below, so they felt their 

way along the hall toward the front of the house, until 

they felt  a door.  They could hear nothing beyond the 

door, and when Uncle Buck tried the knob, it  opened. 

“All  right,”  Uncle Buck whispered.  “Be quiet.”  They 

could see a litde now, enough to see the shape of the bed 

and the mosquito-bar. Uncle Buck threw down his suspend- 

ers and imbuttoned his trousers and went to the bed and 

eased himself carefully down onto the edge of it,  and he 

knelt again and drew Uncle Buck’s trousers off and he 

was just removing his own when Uncle Buck lifted the 

mosquito-bar and raised his feet and rolled into the bed. 

                              WAS                               21 

That was when Miss Sophonsiba sat up on the other side of 

Uncle Buck and gave the first  scream. 

                                3- 

   When he reached home just before dinner time the ner^t 

day, he was just about worn out. He was too tired to ea ;, 

even if  Uncle Buddy had waited to eat dinner first;  1 e 

couldn't have stayed on the pony another mile withoi t 

going to sleep. In fact, he must have gone to sleep whi'e 

he was telling Uncle Buddy, because the next thing le 

knew it was late afternoon and he was lying on some hay 

in the jolting wagon-bed, with Uncle Buddy sitting on the 

seat above him exactly the same way he sat  a horse or 

sat in his rocking chair before the kitchen hearth while 

he was cooking, holding the whip exactly as he held the 

spoon or fork he stirred and tasted with. Uncle Buddy had 

some cold bread and meat and a jug of buttermilk wrapped 

in damp towsacks waiting when he waked up.  He ate, 

sitting in the wagon in almost the last of the afternoon. 

They must have come fast, because they were not more 

than two miles from Mr Hubert's. Uncle Buddy waited for 

him to eat.  Then he said,  'Tell me again," and he told 

it  again:  how he and Uncle Buck finally  found a room 

without anybody in it,  and Uncle Buck sitting on the side 

of the bed saying, "O godfrey, Cass. O godfrey, Cass," and 

then they heard Mr Hubert's feet on the stairs and watched 

the light come down the hall and Mr Hubert came in, 

in his nightshirt, and walked over and set the candle on 

the table and stood looking at Uncle Buck. 

   "Well, 'Filus," he said.  "She's got you at last." 


                                                  **1 

   **lt was an accident,” Uncle Buck said.           swear to god- 

           ” 

frey 

   ^^Hah,” Mr Hubert said.  ''Dont tell me. Tell her that.” 

   "I did,” Uncle Buck said.  *1 did tell  her.  I  swear to 

           ” 

god 

   ''Sholy,” Mr Hubert said. ''Andjust listen.” They listened 

a minute. He had been hearing her all the time. She was 

nowhere near as loud as at first; she was just steady. "Dont 

you want to go back in there and tell her again it was an 

accident, that you never meant nothing and to just excuse 

you and forget about it*? All right.” 

   "All right what?” Uncle Buck said. 

   "Go back in there and tell her again,” Mr Hubert said. 

Uncle Buck looked at Mr Hubert for a minute. He batted 

his tyes fast. 

   "Then what will I come back and tell you?” he said 

   "To me?” Mr Hubert said.  "I would call  that a horse 

of another color. Wouldn^t you?” 

   Uncle Buck looked at Mr Hubert. He batted his eyes 

fast again. Then he stopped again.  "Wait,” he said.  "Be 

                   I     walk into 

reasonable. Say  did                 a lady s bedroom, even Miss 

Sophonsiba s;  say, just for the sake of the argument, there 

wasn’t no other lady in the world but her and so I walked 

into hers and tried to get in bed with her, would I have 

took a nine-year-old boy with me?” 

   "Reasonable is  just what Tm being,” Mr Hubert said. 

"You come into bear-country of your own free will and ac- 

cord. All right; you were a grown man and you knew it was 

bear-country and you knew the way back out like  you 

knew the way in and you had your chance to take it.  But 

no. You had to crawl into the den and lay down by the 

bear. And whether you did or didn’t know the bear was in 

                            WAS                             23 

it dont make any difference. So if you got back out of that 

den without even a claw-mark on you, I would not only hi 

unreasonable, Vd be a damned fool. After all,       Td like  i 

little  peace and quiet and freedom myself,  now I  got  i 

chance for it. Yes, sir.  She s got you, Tilus, and you kno^^^ 

it.  You run a hard race and you run a good one, but yoa 

skun the hen-house one time too many.'' 

   ‘Tes," Uncle Buck said.  He drew his breath in an I 

let it out again, slow and ni>t loud. But you could hear i  . 

‘Well," he said. “So I reck(*n I'll have to take the chance 

then." 

   “You already took it,"  Mr Hubert said.  “You did that 

when you cam back here." Then he stopped too. Then he 

batted his eyes, but only about six times. Then he stopped 

and looked at Uncle Buck for more than a minute. “What 

chance?" he said. 

   “That five hundred dollars," Uncle Buck said. 

   ^What five hundred dollars?" Mr Hubert said. He and 

Uncle Buck looked at one another. Now it was Mr Hubert 

that batted  his  eyes  again  and then  stopped  again.  “I 

thought you said you found him in Tennie's cabin." 

   “I  did,"  Uncle Buck said.  “What you bet me was I 

would catch him there.  If  there  had been ten of  me 

standing in front of that door, we wouldn't have caught 

him." Mr Hubert blinked at Uncle Buck, slow and steady. 

   “So you aim to hold me to that fool bet," he said. 

   “You took  your chance too,"  Uncle Buck said.  Mr. 

Hubert blinked at Uncle Buck. Then he stopped. Then 

he went and took the candle from the table and went out. 

They sat on the edge of the bed and watched the light go 

down the hall and heard Mr Hubert's feet on the stairs. 

After a while they began to see the light again and they 


heard Mr Hubert’s feet coming back up the stairs.  Then 

Mr Hubert entered and went to the table and set the candle 

down and laid a deck of cards by it. 

   '^One hand,” he said.  ''Draw. You shuffle, I cut, this boy 

deals. Five hundred dollars against Sibbey. And we’ll settle 

this nigger business once and for all too. If you win, you 

buy Tennie; if I win, I buy that boy of yours. The price 

will be the same for each one: three hundred dollars.” 

   "Win?” Uncle Buck said. "The one that wins buys the 

niggers?” 

   "Wins Sibbey, damn it!” Mr Hubert said.  "Wins Sib- 

bey! What the hell else are we setting up till  midnight 

arguing about? The lowest hand wins Sibbey and buys 

the niggers.” 

   "All right,”  Uncle Buck said.  "I’ll  buy the damn girl 

then and we’ll call the rest of this foolishness off.” 

   "Hah,” Mr Hubert said again.  "This is  the most seri- 

ous foolishness you ever took part in  in your life.      No. 

You said you wanted your chance, and now you’ve got it. 

Here it is,  right here on this table, waiting on you.” 

   So Uncle Buck shuffled the cards and Mr Hubert cut 

 them. Then he took up the deck and dealt in turn until 

 Uncle Buck and Mr Hubert had five.  And Uncle Buck 

 looked at his hand a long time and then said two cards 

 and he gave them to him, and Mr Hubert looked at his 

 hand quick and said one card and he gave it  to him and 

 Mr Hubert flipped his discard onto the two which Uncle 

 Buck had discarded and slid the new card into his hand 

 and opened it out and looked at it quick again and closed 

 it and looked at Uncle Buck and said, "Well? Did you help 

 them threes?” 

   "No,” Uncle Buck said. 

                                 WAS                                   25 

    'Well I did/’ Mr Hubert said. He shot his hand aero? s 

the table so that the cards fell  face-up in front of Uncle 

Buck and they were three kings and two fives,  and sai( 

                                                                        , 

"By God, Buck McCaslin, you have met your match it 

last." 

   "And that was all?" Uncle Buddy said. It was late ther, 

near sunset;  they would Ixi  at Mr Hubert s in anoth( r 

fifteen minutes. 

   "Yes, sir,"  he said,  telling that too:  how Uncle Buck 

waked him at daylight and he climbed out a window an* 1 

got the pony and left,  and how Uncle Buck said that if 

they pushed him too close in the meantime, he would dim") 

down the gutter too and hide in the woods until Uncle 

Buddy arrived. 

   "Hah," Uncle Buddy said. "Was Tomey’s Turl there?" 

   "Yes, sir," he said.  "He was waiting in the stable when 

                                                              ’’ 

I got the pony. He said, Aint they settled it yet?’ 

    "And what did you say?" Uncle Buddy said. 

   "I said,  'Uncle Buck looks like he’s settled. But Uncle 

Buddy aint got here yet.’ 

    "Hah," Uncle Buddy said. 

   And that was about all. They reached the house. Maybe 

Uncle Buck was watching them, but if he was, he never 

showed himself, never came out of the woods. Miss So- 

phonsiba was nowhere in sight either,  so at least Uncle 

Buck hadn’t quite given up; at least he hadn’t asked her 

yet. And he and Uncle Buddy and Mr Hubert ate supper 

and they came in from the kitchen and cleared the table, 

leaving only the lamp on it  and the deck of cards. Then 

it was just like last night, except that Uncle Buddy had no 

necktie and Mr Hubert wore clothes now instead of a 

nightshirt and it was a shaded lamp on the table instead of 


a candle, and Mr Hubert sitting at his end of the table 

with the deck in his hands, riffling  the edges with his 

thumb and looking at Uncle Buddy. Then he tapped the 

edges even and set the deck out in the middle of the table, 

under the lamp, and folded his arms on the edge of the 

table and leaned forward a little  on the table, looking at 

Uncle Buddy, who was sitting at his end of the table with 

his hands in his lap, all  one gray color, like an old gray 

rock or a stump with gray moss on it,  that still,  with his 

round white head like Uncle Buck s but he didn^t blink 

like Uncle Buck and he was a little  thicker than Uncle 

Buck, as if from sitting down so much watching food cook, 

as if  the things he cooked had made him a little  thicker 

than he would have been and the things he cooked with, 

the flour and such, had made him all one same quiet color. 

   'Tittle toddy before we start?'^ Mr Hubert said. 

   "I dont drink,'' Uncle Buddy said. 

   "That's right," Mr Hubert said. "I knew there was some- 

thing else besides just being woman-weak that makes 'Filus 

 seem human. But no matter." He batted his eyes twice at 

 Uncle Buddy. "Buck McCaslin against the land and nig- 

gers you have heard me promise as Sophonsiba's dowry on 

the day she marries. If I beat you, 'Filus marries Sibbey 

without any dowry. If you beat me, you get  'Filus. But 

I  still  get the three hundred dollars  'Filus owes me for 

Tennie. Is that correct?" 

   "That's correct," Uncle Buddy said. 

   "Stud," Mr Hubert said, "One hand. You to shuffle, me 

 to cut, this boy to deal.” 

   "No," Uncle Buddy said.  "Not Cass. He's too young. 

 I dont want him mixed up in any gambling.” 

   "Hah,” Mr Hubert said. "It's said that a man playing 

                           WAS                            ^7 

cards with Amodeus McCaslin aint gambling. But no mat- 

ter/' But he was still  looking at Uncle Buddy; he nrver 

even turned his head when he spoke: ‘'Go to the back door 

and holler.  Bring the first  creature that answers, animal 

mule or human, that can deal ten cards." 

   So he went to the back door. But he didn't have to oall 

because Tomey's Turl was squatting against the wall mst 

outside the door,  and they returned to  the dining-rcom 

where Mr Hubert still sat with his arms folded on his i ide 

of the table and Uncle Imddy sat with his hands in his 

lap on his side and the deck of cards face-down under he 

lamp between them. Neither of them even looked up when 

he and Tomey's Turl entered. “Shuffle," Mr Hubert said. 

Uncle Buddy shuffled and set the cards back under the 

lamp and put his hands back into his lap and Mr Hubert 

cut the deck and folded his arms back onto the table-edge. 

“Deal," he said. Still neither he nor Uncle Buddy looked 

up. They just sat there while Tomey's Turl's saddle-colored 

hands came into the light and took up the deck and dealt, 

one card face-down to Mr Hubert and one face-down to 

Uncle Buddy, and one face-up to Mr Hubert and it  was 

a king, and one face-up to Uncle Buddy and it was a six. 

   “Buck McCaslin against Sibbey's dowry," Mr Hubert 

said. “Deal." And the hand dealt Mr Hubert a card and 

it was a three, and Uncle Buddy a card and it was a two. 

Mr Hubert looked at Uncle Buddy. Uncle Buddy rapped 

once with his knuckles on the table. 

   “Deal," Mr Hubert said. And the hand dealt Mr Hubert 

a card and it was another three, and Uncle Buddy a card 

and it was a four. Mr Hubert looked at Uncle Buddy's 

cards. Then he looked at Uncle Buddy and Uncle Buddy 

rapped on the table again with his knuckles. 


   '*Deal/' Mr Hubert said, and the hand dealt him an ace 

and Uncle Buddy a five and now Mr Hubert just sat still. 

He didn't look at anything or move for a whole minute; he 

just sat there and watched Uncle Buddy put one hand onto 

the table for the first time since he shuffled and pinch up 

one corner of his face-down card and look at it  and then 

put his hand back into his lap.  ''Check," Mr Hubert said. 

   "ril bet you them two niggers," Uncle Buddy said. He 

didn't move either.  He sat there just like he sat in the 

wagon or on a horse or in the rocking chair he cooked from. 

   "Against what?" Mr Hubert said. 

   "Against the three hundred dollars Theophilus owes you 

for Tennie, and the three hundred you and Theophilus 

agreed on for Tomey's Turl," Uncle Buddy said. 

   "Hah," Mr Hubert said, only it  wasn't loud at all  this 

time, nor even short. Then he said "Hah. Hah. Hah" and 

not loud either.  Then he said,  "Well." Then he said, 

"Well, well." Then he said: "We'll check up for a minute. 

If I win, you take Sibbey without dowry and the two nig- 

                                                                  " 

gers,  and I  dont owe 'Filus anything. If you win 

   " 

    — 

       ^Theophilus is free. And you owe him the three hun- 

dred dollars for Tomey's Turl," Uncle Buddy said. 

   "That's just if I call you," Mr Hubert said.  "If I  dont 

call you, 'Filus wont owe me nothing and I wont owe 'Filus 

nothing, unless I take that nigger which I have been trying 

to explain to you and him both for years that I wont have 

on my place. We will be right back where all this foolish- 

ness started from, except for that. So what it comes down to 

is,  I either got to give a nigger away, or risk buying one 

that you done already admitted you cant keep at home." 

Then he stopped talking. For about a minute it was like 

he and Uncle Buddy had both gone to sleep. Then Mr 

                              WAS                                 29 

Hubert picked up his face-down card and turned it  over. 

It was another three, and Mr Hubert sat  there withiut 

looking at anything at all, his fingers beating a tattoo, si )w 

and steady and not very loud, on the table.             ''H      he 

said. *And you need a trej  and there aint but four of th m 

and I already got three. And you just shuffled. And I •          ut 

afterward. And if I call you, I will have to buy that nigg^jr. 

Who dealt these cards, Aiuodeus?'' Only he didn't wait to 

be answered. He reached c at and tilted the lamp-shade, t he 

light moving up Tomey's Turls arms that were suppoj ed 

to be black but were not (|uite white, up his Sunday si irt 

that was supposed to be white but wasn't quite either, that 

he put on every time he ran away just as Uncle Buck put 

on the necktie each time he went to bring him back, and 

on to his face; and Mr Hubert sat there, holding the lamp- 

shade and looking at  Tomey's Turk Then he tilted  the 

shade back down and took up his cards and turned them 

face-down and pushed them toward the middle of  the 

table. '1 pass, Amodeus," he said. 

                                 4- 

   He was still too worn out for sleep to sit on a horse, so 

this time he and Uncle Buddy and Tennie all three rode in 

the wagon, while Tomey's Turl led the pony from old 

Jake. And when they got home just after daylight, this time 

Uncle Buddy never even had time to get breakfast started 

and the fox never even got out of the crate, because the 

dogs were right there in the room. Old Moses went right 

into the crate with the fox, so that both of them went right 

on through the back end of it.           That is,   the  fox went 

through, because when Uncle Buddy opened the door to 


come in, old Moses was still  wearing most of the crate 

around his neck until Uncle Buddy kicked it off of him. 

Sothey just made one run, across the front gallery and 

around the house and they could hear the fox’s claws when 

he went scrabbling up the lean-pole, onto the roof—a fine 

race while it lasted, but the tree was too quick. 

   “What in damn’s hell do you mean,” Uncle Buddy said, 

“casting that damn thing with all the dogs right in the same 

room?” 

   “Damn the fox,” Uncle Buck said.  “Go on and start 

breakfast. It seems to me I’ve been away from home a whole 

damn month.” 

The Fire and the Hearth 

                   Chapter One 

FrasT, in order to take c.ire of George Wilkins once i  hd 

for all, he had to hide his own still. And not only that, he 

had to do it  singlehanded—dismantle it  in the dark and 

transport it  without help to some place far enough away 

and secret enough to escape the subsequent uproar and ex- 

citement and there conceal it.  It was the prospect of this 

which had enraged him,  compounding in  advance the 

physical  weariness  and exhaustion which would be the 

nighFs aftermath. It was not the temporary interruption of 

business; the business had been interfered with once before 

about five years ago and he had dealt with that crisis as 

promptly and efficiently as he was dealing with this present 

one—and since which time that other competitor, whose 

example George Wilkins might quite possibly follow pro- 

vided Carothers Edmonds were as correctly informed about 

his intentions as he professed to be about his bank account, 

had been plowing and chopping and picking cotton which 

was not his on the State penal farm at Parchman. 

   And it was not the loss of revenue which the interrup- 

tion entailed. He was sixty-seven years old; he already had 

more money in the bank now than he would ever spend, 

more than Carothers Edmonds himself, provided a man be- 


lieved Carothers Edmonds when he tried to draw anything 

extra in the way of cash or supplies from the commissary. 

It was the fact that he must do it all himself, singlehanded; 

had to come up from the field after a long day in the dead 

middle of planting time and stable  and feed Edmonds^ 

mules and eat his own supper and then put his own mare 

to the single wagon and drive three miles to the still  and 

dismantle it by touch in the dark and carry it another mile 

to  the best place he could think of where it  would be 

reasonably safe after the excitement started, probably get- 

ting back home with hardly enough of the night left to 

make it worth while going to bed before time to return to 

the field until the time would be ripe to speak the one word 

to Edmonds;     all 

              —  this  alone and unassisted because the 

two people from whom he might reasonably and logically 

have not only expected but demanded help were completely 

interdict: his wife who was too old and frail for such, even 

if he could have trusted not her fidelity but her discretion; 

and as for his daughter, to let her get any inkling of what 

he was about, he might just as well have asked George 

Wilkins himself to help him hide the still.  It was not that 

he had anything against George personally,  despite  the 

mental exasperation and the physical travail he was having 

to undergo when he should have been at home in bed 

asleep. If George had just stuck to farming the land which 

Edmonds had allotted him he would just as soon Nat mar- 

ried George as anyone else, sooner than most of the nigger 

bucks he knew. But he was not going to let George Wilkins 

or anyone else move not only into the section where he had 

lived for going on seventy years but onto the very place 

he had been born on and set up competition in a business 

which he had established and nursed carefully and dis- 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                           35 

creedy for twenty of them, ever since he had fired up for 

his first fun not a mile from Zack Edmonds' kitchen door; 

— 

   ^secretly indeed, for no man needed to tell him what Zi»ck 

Edmonds or his  son,  Carothers  (or Old Cass Edmor ds 

either, for that matter), would do about it if they ever fouud 

it  out. He wasn't afraid that George would cut into his 

established trade, his old regular clientele, with the hog 

swill which George had bt gun to turn out two months {igo 

and call whisky. But George Wilkins was a fool innoc» nt 

of discretion, who sooner <‘r later would be caught, whcf’e- 

upon for the next ten years every bush on the Edmoi ds 

place would have a deputy sheriff squatting behind it from 

sundown to  sunup every night. And he not only didn't 

want a fool for a son-in-law, he didn't intend to have a fool 

living on the same place he lived on. If George had to go to 

jail  to alleviate that condition, that was between George 

and Roth Edmonds. 

   But it was about over now. Another hour or so and he 

would be back home, getting whatever little of sleep there 

might be left of the night before time to return to the field 

to pass the day until  the right moment to speak to Ed- 

monds. Probably the outrage would be gone by then, and 

he would have only the weariness to contend with. But it 

was his own field, though he neither owned it nor wanted 

to nor even needed to.      He had been cultivating  it     for 

forty-five years, since before Carothers Edmonds was bom 

even, plowing and planting and working it when and how 

he saw fit   (or maybe not even doing that, maybe sitting 

through a whole morning on his front gallery, looking at 

it  and thinking if  that's what he felt  like doing), with 

Edmonds riding up on his mare maybe three times a week 

to look at the field, and maybe once during the season stop- 


ping long enough to give him advice about it  which he 

completely ignored, ignoring not only the advice but the 

very voice which gave it,     as  though the other had not 

spoken even, whereupon Edmonds would ride on and he 

would continue with whatever he had been doing,  the 

incident  already  forgotten  condoned and forgiven,  the 

necessity and the time having been served.  So the day 

would pass at last. Then he would approach Edmonds and 

speak his word and it  would be like dropping the nickel 

into the slot machine and pulling the lever: all he would 

have to do then would be just to watch it. 

   He knew exactly where he intended to go, even in the 

darkness. He had been bom on this land, twenty-five years 

before the Edmonds who now owned it.         He had worked 

on it ever since he got big enough to hold a plow straight; 

he had hunted over every foot of it  during his childhood 

and youth and his manhood too, up to the time when he 

stopped hunting, not because he could no longer walk a 

day s or a night s hunt, but because he felt that the pursuit 

of rabbits and possums for meat was no longer commen- 

surate with his status as not only the oldest man but the 

oldest living person on the Edmonds plantation, the oldest 

McCaslin descendant even though in the world's eye he 

descended not from McCaslins but from McCaslin slaves, 

almost as old as old Isaac McCaslin who lived in town, sup- 

ported by what Roth Edmonds chose to give him, who 

would own the land and all on it if his just rights were only 

known, if people just knew how old Cass Edmonds, this 

one's grandfather,  had beat him out of his  patrimony; 

almost as old as old Isaac, almost, as old Isaac was, coeval 

with old Buck and Buddy McCaslin who had been alive 

when their father, Carothers McCaslin, got the land from 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                               37 

the Indians back in the old time when men black i tid 

white were men. 

   He was in the creek bottom now. Curiously enough,  isi- 

                                                               ^ 

bility  seemed to  have increased,  as  if      the rank sun ess 

jungle of cypress and willow and brier, instead of incn as- 

ing obscurity, had solidified it into the concrete compont ats 

of trunk and branch, leavmg the air,  space, free of it         :md 

in comparison lighter, penetrable to vision, to the male's 

sight  anyway, enabling  her  to  see-saw back  and fc rth 

among the trunks and the impassable thickets.  Then he 

saw the place he sought— a squat, flat-topped, almost sym- 

metrical mound rising without reason from the floor-like 

flatness of the valley. The white people called it an Indian 

mound. One day five or six years ago a group of white men, 

including two women, most of  them wearing spectacles 

and all  wearing khaki clothes which had patently  lain 

folded on a store shelf twenty-four hours ago, came with 

picks and shovels and jars and phials of insect repellant 

and spent a day digging about it while most of the people, 

men women and children, came at some time during the 

day and looked quietly on; later—within the next two or 

three days, in fact—he was to remember with almost horri- 

fied amazement the cold and contemptuous curiosity with 

which he himself had watched them. 

   But that would come later.  Now he was merely busy. 

He could not see his watch-face, but he knew it was almost 

midnight. He stopped the wagon beside the mound and 

unloaded the still—the copper-lined kettle which had cost 

him more than he still liked to think about despite his in- 

grained lifelong scorn of inferior tools—and the worm and 

his pick and shovel. The spot he sought was a slight over- 

hang on one face of the mound; in a sense one side of his 


excavation was already dug for him, needing only to be 

enlarged a little,  the earth working easily under the in- 

visible pick, whispering easily and steadily to the invisible 

shovel until the orifice was deep enough for the worm and 

kettle to fit into it, when  and it was probably only      sigh 

                          —                              a 

but it sounded to him louder than an avalanche, as though 

the whole mound had stooped roaring down at him—the 

entire overhang sloughed. It drummed on the hollow kettle, 

covering it  and the worm, and boiled about his feet and, 

as he leaped backward and tripped and fell, about his body 

too, hurling clods and dirt at him, striking him a final blow 

squarely in the face with something larger than a clod 

a blow not vicious so much as merely heavy-handed, a sort 

of final  admonitory pat  from the spirit  of darkness and 

solitude, the old earth, perhaps the old ancestors themselves. 

Because, sitting up, getting his breath again at last, gasping 

and blinking at the apparently unchanged shape of the 

mound which seemed to loom poised above him in a long 

roaring wave of silence like a burst of jeering and prolonged 

laughter, his hand found the object which had struck him 

and learned it in the blind dark—a fragment of an earthen- 

ware vessel which, intact, must have been as big as a chum 

and which even as he lifted  it  cmmbled again and de- 

posited in his palm, as though it had been handed to him, 

a single coin. 

   He could not have said how he knew it was gold. But 

he didn't even need to strike a match. He dared risk no 

light at all  as,  his brain boiling with all  the images of 

buried money he had ever listened to or heard of, for the 

next five hours he crawled on hands and knees among the 

loose earth, hunting through the collapsed and now quiet 

dirt almost grain by grain, pausing from time to time to 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                            39 

gauge by the stars how much remained of the rapid and 

shortening spring night,  then probing again in  the dry 

insensate dust which had \ awned for an instant and vou :h- 

safed him one blinding glimpse of the absolute and tl en 

closed. 

   When the east began to pale he stopped and straight- 

ened up,  kneeling,  stretching his  cramped and pain**ul 

muscles into something approximating erectness  for  ’he 

first time since midnight. He had found nothing more. He 

had not even found any nther fragments of the chum or 

crock. That meant that the rest of it  might be scattered 

anywhere beneath the cave-in. He would have to dig for it, 

coin by coin, with pick and shovel. That meant time, but 

more than that, solitude. Obviously there must no longer 

be even the remotest possibility of sheriffs and law men 

prying about the place hunting whisky stills.        So George 

Wilkins was reprieved without knowing his luck just as he 

had been in jeopardy without knowing his danger. For an 

instant, remembering the tremendous power which three 

hours ago had hurled him onto his back without even 

actually touching him, he even thought of taking George 

into partnership on a minor share basis to do the actual 

digging; indeed, not only to do the actual work but as a sort 

of justice, balance, libation to Chance and Fortune, since 

if it had not been for George, he would not have found the 

single coin. But he dismissed that before it  even had time 

to become an idea. He, Lucas Beauchamp, the oldest living 

McCaslin descendant still  living on the hereditary land, 

who actually  remembered old Buck and Buddy in  the 

living flesh, older than Zack Edmonds even if Zack were 

still  alive, almost as old as old Isaac who in a sense, say 

what a man would, had turned apostate to his name and 


lineage by weakly relinquishing the land which was right- 

fully his to live in town on the charity of his great-nephew; 

—  to share              one penny of the money which old 

   he,          one jot, 

Buck and Buddy had buried almost a hundred years ago, 

with an interloper without forbears and sprung from no- 

where and whose very name was unknown in the country 

twenty-five years ago— jimber-jawed clown who could 

                          a 

not even learn how to make whisky, who had not only at- 

tempted to interfere with and jeopardise his business and 

disrupt his family, but had given him a week of alternating 

raging anxiety and exasperated outrage culminating in to- 

night—or last night now  and not even finished            since 

                          —                          yet, 

he still  had the worm and kettle to conceal. Never. Let 

George take for his recompense the fact that he would not 

have to go to the penitentiary to which Roth Edmonds 

would probably have sent him even if the Law did not. 

   The light had increased; he could see now. The slide 

had covered the still. All necessary would be a few branches 

piled against it  so that the recent earth would not be too 

apparent to a chance passer.  He rose to his feet.  But he 

still  could not straighten up completely. With one hand 

pressed to his back and still bent over a little he began to 

walk stilBy and painfully toward a clump of sapling cot- 

tonwoods about fifty feet away, when something crashed 

into flight within or beyond it  and rushed on, the sound 

fading and already beginning to  curve away toward the 

edge of the jungle while he stood for perhaps ten seconds, 

slackjawed with amazed and incredulous comprehension, 

his head turning to pace the invisible running. Then he 

whirled and leaped, not toward the  sound but running 

parallel with it,  leaping with incredible agility and speed 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                              41 

among the trees  and undergrowth, breaking out of the 

jungle in time to see, in the wan light of the accelerating 

dawn, the quarry fleeing like a deer across a field and into 

the still night-bound woods beyond. 

   He knew who it  was, <wen before he returned to -             he 

thicket where it had flusht d, to stand looking down at ’ he 

print of his daughters naked feet where she had squat ed 

in the mud, knowing that print as he would have kno vn 

those of his mare or his dog, standing over it  for a wl tie 

and looking down at it but no longer seeing it  at all. 

that was that.  In a way, it      even simplified things.  Even 

if there had been time (another hour and every field along 

the creek would have a negro and a mule in it), even if he 

could hope to obliterate  all      trace  and sign of disturbed 

earth about the mound, it  would do no good to move his 

still  to another hiding-place. Because when they came to 

the mound to dig they must not only find something, they 

must find it quick and at once and something the discovery 

 and exhumation of which would cause them to desist and 

go away—say, only partly buried,  and with just enough 

brush in front of it that they couldn't help but find it even 

before they got the brush dragged off.  Because it  was a 

matter open to,  admitting, no controversy, not even dis- 

 cussion. George Wilkins must go. He must be on his way 

 before another night had passed. 

                                 2. 

    He shoved his chair back from the supper table and 

 stood up.  He gave his daughter's lowered, secret  face a 

 single look, not grim but cold.  But he addressed neither 

 her nor his wife directly. He might have been speaking to 


either of them or both or to neither:  '"Going down the 

road." 

   "Where you going this time of night?" his wife said. 

"Messing around up yonder in the bottom all  last night! 

Getting back home just in time to hitch up and get to the 

field a good hour after sunup! You needs to be in bed if you 

                                                                  " 

going to get that creek piece broke like Mister Roth 

   Then he was out of the house and didn^t need to hear 

her any longer. It was night again. The dirt lane ran pale 

and dim beneath the moonless sky of corn-planting time. 

Presently it ran along beside the very field which he was 

getting ready to plant his cotton in when the whippoorwills 

began. If it had not been for George Wilkins, he would have 

had it all broken and bedded and ready now. But that was 

about over now. Another ten minutes and it would be like 

dropping the nickel into the slot machine, not ringing down 

a golden shower about him, he didn't ask that, need that; 

he would attend to the jackpot himself, but giving him 

peace and solitude in which to do so. That, the labor even 

at night and without help, even if he had to move half the 

mound, did not bother him. He was only sixty-seven, a bet- 

ter man still than some men half his age; ten years younger 

and he could still have done both, the night-work and the 

day. But now he wouldn't try it.  In a way, he was a little 

sorry to give up farming. He had liked it;  he approved of 

his fields and liked to work them, taking a solid pride in 

having good tools to use and using them well,  scorning 

both inferior equipment and shoddy work just as he had 

bought the best kettle he could find when he set up his still 

—that copper-lined kettle the cost of which he liked less 

than ever to remember now that he was not only about to 

lose it but was himself deliberately giving it away. He had 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                           43 

even planned the very phrases, dialogue, in which, after the 

first  matter was attended to,  he would inform Edmonds 

that he had decided to cjuit  farming, was old enough to 

retire, and for Edmonds to allot his land to someone els*^ to 

finish the crop. *'A11 right.” Edmonds would say. *'But vou 

cant expect me to furnish a house and wood and wate' to 

a family that aint working any land.” And he would sa^ ,     if 

it  really came to that—and it  probably would, since he, 

Lucas, would affirm to his death that Zack Edmonds had 

been as much better a m.in than his son as old Cass Ed- 

monds had been than both of them together:  ''All rijht. 

ril rent the house from you. Name your price and I will 

pay you every Saturday night as long as I decide to stay 

here.” 

   But that would take care of itself. The other matter was 

first and prime. At first,  on his return home this morning, 

his plan had been to notify the sheriff himself, so that there 

would be absolutely no slip-up, lest  Edmonds should be 

content with merely destroying George's still and cache and 

just running George off  the place.  In that case,  George 

would continue to hang around the place, merely keeping 

out of Edmonds' sight; whereupon, without even any farm 

work, let alone the still, to keep him occupied, he would be 

idle all day and therefore up and out all  night long and 

would constitute more of a menace than ever. The report 

would have to come from Edmonds, the white man, be- 

cause to the sheriff Lucas was just another nigger and both 

the sheriff and Lucas knew it,  although only one of them 

knew that to Lucas the sheriff was a redneck without any 

reason for pride in his forbears nor hope for it  in his de- 

scendants. And if Edmonds should decide to handle the 

matter privately, without recourse to the law, there would 


be someone in Jefferson whom Lucas could inform that not 

only he and George Wilkins knew of a still  on Carothers 

Edmonds^ place, but Carothers Edmonds knew it too. 

   He entered the wide carriage gate from which the drive 

curved mounting to the oak and cedar knoll where he could 

already see, brighter than any kerosene, the gleam of elec- 

tricity in the house where the better men than this one had 

been content with lamps or even candles.  There was a 

tractor under the mule-shed which Zack Edmonds would 

not have allowed on the place too, and an automobile in 

a house built especially for it  which old Cass would not 

even have put his foot in. But they were the old days, the 

old time, and better men than these; Lucas himself made 

one, himself and old Cass coevals in more than spirit even, 

the analogy only the closer for its  paradox:      old 

                                                —  Cass a 

McCaslin only on his mother s  side and so bearing his 

father s name though he possessed the land and its benefits 

and responsibilities; Lucas a McCaslin on his father s side 

though bearing his mother s name and possessing the use 

and benefit of the land with none of the responsibilities. 

Better men:—old Cass, a McCaslin only by the distaff yet 

having enough of old Carothers McCaslin in his veins to 

take the land from the true heir simply because he wanted 

it and knew he could use it better and was strong enough, 

ruthless enough, old Carothers McCaslin enough; even 

Zack, who was not the man his father had been but whom 

Lucas, the man McCaslin, had accepted as his peer to the 

extent of intending to kill him, right up to the point when, 

his affairs all set in order like those of a man preparing for 

death, he stood over the sleeping white man that morning 

forty-three years ago with the naked razor in his hand. 

   He approached the house—the two log wings which 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                            45 

Carothers McCaslin had built and which had sufficed old 

Buck and Buddy, connected by the open hallway whi:h, 

as his prides monument and epitaph, old Cass Edmotids 

had enclosed and superposed with a second storey of white 

clapboards and faced with a portico. He didn’t go arot ad 

to the back, the kitchen d x>r.  He had done that only (  ne 

time since the present Ednonds was born; he would ne er 

do it again as long as he ^ved. Neither did he mount  he 

steps. Instead he stopped i  i the darkness beside the galL ry 

and rapped with his knuckles on the edge of it  until toe 

white man came up the ha 1  and peered out the front do )r. 

 'Well?” Edmonds said.  "What is  it?” 

   "It’s me,” Lucas said. 

   "Well, come in,” the other said. "What are you standing 

out there for?” 

   "You come out here,” Lucas said.        'Tor all  you or me 

either know, George may be laying out yonder right now, 

listening.” 

   "George?” Edmonds said.  "George Wilkins?” He came 

out onto the gallery— young man still,  a bachelor, forty- 

                         a 

three years old last March. Lucas did not need to remem- 

ber that.  He would never forget it—that night of early 

spring following ten days of such rain that even the old 

people remembered nothing to compare it  with, and the 

white man’s wife’s time upon her and the creek out of 

banks until the whole valley rose, bled a river choked with 

down timber and drowned livestock until not even a horse 

could have crossed it  in the darkness to reach a telephone 

and fetch the doctor back. And Molly, a young woman 

then and nursing their own first  child, wakened at mid- 

night by the white man himself and they followed then 

the white man through the streaming darkness to his house 


and Lucas waited in the kitchen, keeping the fire going in 

the stove, and Molly delivered the white child with none 

to help but Edmonds and then they knew that the doctor 

had to be fetched. So even before daylight he was in the 

water and crossed it,  how he never knew, and was back 

by dark with the doctor, emerging from that death (Atone 

time he had believed himself gone, done for, both himself 

and the mule soon to be two more white-eyed and slack- 

jawed pieces of flotsam, to be located by the circling of 

buzzards, swollen and no longer identifiable, a month hence 

when the water went down.) which he had entered not for 

his own sake but for that of old Carothers McCaslin who 

had sired him and Zack Edmonds both, to find the white 

man's wife dead and his own wife already established in 

the white man's house. It was as though on that louring 

and driving day he had crossed and then recrossed a kind 

of Lethe, emerging, being permitted to escape, buying as 

the price of life a world outwardly the same yet subtly and 

irrevocably altered. 

   It was as though the white woman had not only never 

quitted the house, she had never existed—the object which 

they buried in the orchard two days later  (they still  could 

not cross the valley to reach the churchyard) a thing of no 

moment, unsanctified, nothing; his  own wife,  the black 

woman, now living alone in the house which old Cass had 

built for them when they married, keeping alive on the 

hearth the fire he had lit there on their wedding day and 

which had burned ever  since  though there  was  little 

enough cooking done on it  now;—thus, until almost half 

a year had passed and one day he went to Zack Edmonds 

and said,    wants my wife. I needs her at home." Then 

and he hadn't intended to say this. But there had been that 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                          47 

half-year almost and himself alone keeping alive the fire 

which was to bum on the hearth until  neither he nor 

Molly were left to feed it,  himself sitting before it  ni^ht 

after  night through that  spring and summer until  me 

night he caught himself st.mding over it,  furious, bursti ig, 

blind, the cedar water bucket already poised until he cau.;ht 

himself and set the bucket back on the shelf, still  shaking, 

unable to remember taking the bucket up even—then he 

said:  '1 reckon you thought I  wouldn^t take her ba :k, 

didn't you?" 

   The white man was sitting down. In age he and Lu ras 

could have been brothers,  almost twins too.       He leaned 

slowly back in the chair, looking at Lucas. ''Well, by God," 

he said quietly. "So that's what you think. What kind of a 

man do you think I am? What kind of a man do you call 

yourself?" 

   "I'm a nigger," Lucas said. "But I'm a man too. I'm more 

than just a man. The same thing made my pappy that 

made your grandmaw. I'm going to take her back." 

   "By God," Edmonds said,       "I  never  thought to  ever 

                                              — 

pass my oath to a nigger. But I will swear       " Lucas had 

turned, already walking away. He whirled. The other was 

standing now. They faced one another,  though for the 

instant Lucas couldn't even see him. 

   "Not to me!" Lucas said. "I wants her in my house to- 

night. You understand?" He went back to the field, to the 

plow standing in midfurrow where he had left it when he 

discovered suddenly that he was going now, this moment, 

to the commissary or the house or wherever the white man 

would be, into his bedroom if necessary, and confront him. 

He had tied the mule under a tree, the gear still on it.  He 

put the mule back to the plow and plowed again. When 


he turned at the end of each furrow he could have seen his 

house. But he never looked toward it,  not even when he 

knew that she was in it again, home again, not even when 

fresh woodsmoke began to rise from the chimney as it had 

not risen in the middle of the morning in almost half a year; 

not even when at noon she came along the fence, carrying 

a pail and a covered pan and stood looking at him for a 

moment before she set the pail and pan down and went 

back.  Then the plantation bell  rang for noon,  the flat, 

musical, deliberate clangs. He took the mule out and wa- 

tered and fed it  and only then went to the fence-corner 

and there it  was—the pan of still-warm biscuit,  the lard 

pail half full of milk, the tin worn and polished with scour- 

ing and long use until it had a patina like old silver—^just 

as it had used to be. 

   Tfien the afternoon was done too.  He stabled and fed 

Edmonds mule and hung the gear on its  appointed peg 

against tomorrow. Then in the lane, in the green middle- 

dusk of summer while the fireflies winked and drifted and 

the whippoorwills choired back and forth and the frogs 

thumped and grunted along the creek, he looked at his 

house for the first time, at the thin plume of supper smoke 

windless  above the  chimney, his  breathing harder  and 

harder and deeper and deeper until his faded shirt strained 

at the buttons on his chest. Maybe when he got old he 

would become resigned to it.  But he knew he would never, 

not even if he got to be a hundred and forgot her face and 

name and the white man s and his too. I will have to kill 

 him, he thought, or I will have to take her and go away. For 

 an instant he thought of going to the white man and telling 

 him they were leaving, now, tonight, at once. Only if  I 

were to see him again right now, I might kill  him, he 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                           49 

thought. I  think I  have decided which I am going to do, 

hut if 1 was to see him, meet him now, my mind might 

change.—And that's a man! he thought. He keefs her  n 

the house with him six months and I  dont do nothing:  le 

sends her hack to me and I  kills him. It would he like  I 

had done said aloud to the whole world that he never se nt 

her hack because I told him to hut he give her hack to Pie 

because he was tired of hi r. 

   He entered the gate in the paling fence which he h d 

built himself when old Ciss gave them the house, as lie 

had hauled and laid the field stone path across the grasskss 

yard which his wife used to  sweep every morning wi h 

a broom of bound willow twigs, sweeping the clean dust 

into curving intricate patterns among the flower-beds out- 

lined with broken brick and bottles  and shards of china 

and colored glass. She had returned from time to time dur- 

ing the spring to work the flower-beds so that they bloomed 

   usual—  hardy, blatant blooms 

as          the                          loved of her and his 

race: princes feather and sunflower, canna and hollyhock 

—but until  today the paths among them had not been 

swept since last year. Yes, he thought. I got to kill him or 

I got to leave here. 

   He entered the hall, then the room where he had lit the 

 fire  two years ago which was to have outlasted both of 

them. He could not always remember afterward what he 

had said but he never forgot the amazed and incredulous 

rage with which he thought. Why she aint even knowed 

unto right now that I ever even suspected. She was sitting 

before the hearth where the supper was cooking, holding 

 the child, shielding its  face from the light and heat with 

her hand—a small woman even then, years before her flesh, 

her very bones apparently, had begun to wither and shrink 


inward upon themselves, and he standing over her, looking 

down not at his own child but at the face of the white one 

nuzzling into the dark swell of her breast           not 

                                                  —  Edmonds* 

wife but his own who had been lost; not his son but the 

white man  who            been restored to him, 

             s       had                            his voice loud, 

his  clawed hand darting toward the child as  her hand 

sprang and caught his wrist. 

   ^Whars ourn?” he cried. ^'Whar  mine?** 

                                           s 

   *'Right yonder on the bed, sleeping!** she said. ^^Go and 

look at himl** He didnt move, standing over her, locked 

hand and wrist with her. '1 couldn*t leave him! You know 

 I couldn*t! I had to bring him!** 

    ‘Dont lie to me!** he said.  ''Dont tell me Zack Edmonds 

 know where he is.** 

    ''He does know! I told him!** He broke his wrist free, 

 flinging her hand and arm back; he heard the faint click 

 of her teeth when the back of her hand struck her chin 

 and he watched her start to raise her hand to her mouth, 

 then let it fall again. 

    "That*s right,** he said. "It aint none of your blood that*s 

 trying to break out and run!** 

    "You fool!** she cried. "Oh God,** she said. "Oh God. All 

 right, ril take him back, I aimed to anyway. Aunt Thisbe 

                                 ** 

 can fix him a sugar-tit 

    "Not you,** he said.  "And not me even. Do you think 

 Zack Edmonds is going to stay in that house yonder when 

he gets back and finds out he is gone? No!** he said. "I went 

 to Zack Edmonds* house and asked him for my wife. Let 

 him come to my house and ask me for his son!** 

    He waited on the gallery. He could see, across the val- 

 ley, the gleam of light in the other house. He just aint got 

 home yet, he thought. He breathed slow and steady. It aint 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                          51 

no hurry. He will do something and then I will do some- 

thing and it will he all over. It will be all right. Then tlie 

light disappeared. He began to say quietly, aloud:  ''No^v. 

Now. He will have to ha\ e time to walk over here.^*  I ie 

continued to say it  long aft;er he knew the other had h td 

time to walk back and forth between the two houses t tn 

times over. It seemed to him then that he had known ill 

the time the other was nc>t:  coming, as if he were in the 

house where the white man waited, watching his, Luc2 >\ 

house in his turn. Then lie knew that the other was rbt 

 even waiting, and it was as if he stood already in the bt d- 

 room itself,  above the slow respirations of sleep, the un- 

 defended and oblivious throat, the naked razor already in 

 his hand. 

   He re-entered the house, the room where his wife and 

 the two children were asleep on the bed. The supper which 

 had been cooking on the hearth when he entered at dusk 

 had not even been taken up, what was left of it long since 

 charred and simmered away and probably almost cool now 

 among the fading embers. He set the skillet and coffee pot 

 aside and with a stick of wood he raked the ashes from one 

 comer of the fireplace, exposing the bricks,  and touched 

 one of them with his wet finger. It was hot, not scorching, 

 searing, but possessing a slow, deep solidity of heat, a con- 

 densation of the  two years during which the  fire        had 

 burned constantly above it, a condensation not of fire but of 

 time, as though not the fire s  dying and not even water 

 would cool it but only time would. He prised the brick up 

 with his knife blade and scraped away the warm dirt under 

 it  and lifted  out a small metal dispatch box which his 

 white grandfather, Carothers McCaslin himself, had owmed 

 almost a hundred years ago, and took from it  the knotted 


rag tight and solid with the coins,  some of which dated 

back almost to Carothers McCaslin's time, which he had 

begun to save before he was ten years old. His wife had 

removed only her shoes  (he recognised them too.  They 

had belonged to the white woman who had not died, who 

had not even ever existed.) before lying down. He put the 

knotted rag into one of them and went to  the walnut 

bureau which Isaac McCaslin had given him for a wedding 

present and took his razor from the drawer. 

   He was waiting for daylight.  He could not have said 

why. He squatted against a tree halfway between the car- 

riage gate and the white man s  house, motionless as  the 

windless obscurity itself while the constellations wheeled 

and the whippoorwills choired faster and faster and ceased 

and the first  cocks crowed and the false dawn came and 

faded and the birds began and the night was over. In the 

first of light he mounted the white man s front steps and 

entered the unlocked front door and traversed the silent 

hall and entered the bedroom which it  seemed to him he 

had already entered and that only an instant before, stand- 

ing with the open razor above the breathing,  the unde- 

fended and defenseless throat, facing again the act which it 

seemed to him he had already performed. Then he found 

the eyes of the face on the pillow looking quietly up at 

him and he knew then why he had had to wait until day- 

light. ^'Because you are a McCaslin too,^' he said.  ''Even if 

you was woman-made to it. Maybe that s the reason. Maybe 

that^s why you done it:  because what you and your pa got 

 from old Carothers had to come to you through a woman 

a critter not responsible like men are responsible, not to be 

held like men are held. So maybe I have even already for- 

give you, except I cant forgive you because you can forgive 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                               53 

only them that injure you; even the Book itself dont asl a 

man to forgive them he is fixing to harm because even Jesas 

found out at last that was too much to ask a man/' 

    'Tut the razor down and I will talk to you," Edmon is 

said. 

   "You knowcd I wasn't a('*aid, because you knowed I v as 

a McCaslin too  and a rr. m-made one.  And you ne\ ^r 

thought that, because I  am a McCaslin too,  I  wouldr t. 

You never even thought tl  at, because I  am a nigger t(0, 

  wouldn't                    tiiought that because I am  mg- 

I            dare. No. You                                    a 

ger I  wouldn't even mind  I  never figured on the raz )r 

neither. But I gave you your chanee. Maybe I didn't know 

what I might have done when you walked in my door, but 

I knowed what I wanted to do, what I believed I was going 

to do, what Carothers McCaslin would have wanted me 

to do. But you didn't come. You never even gave me the 

chance to do what old Carothers would have told me to 

do. You tried to beat me. And you wont never, not even 

when I am hanging dead from the limb this time tomorrow 

with the coal oil still  burning, you wont never." 

   "Put down the razor, Lucas," Edmonds said. 

   "What razor?" Lucas said. He raised his hand and looked 

at the razor as if he did not know he had it,  had never seen 

it before, and in the same motion flung it toward the open 

window, the naked blade whirling almost blood-colored into 

the first copper ray of the sun before it  vanished. "I dont 

need no razor. My nekkid hands will do. Now get the pistol 

under your pillow." 

   Still the other didn't move, not even to draw his hands 

from under the sheet. "It's not under the pillow.  It's  in 

that drawer yonder where it  always is  and you know it. 

Go and look. I'm not going to run. I couldn't." 


       know you aint,”  Lucas said.  ^'And you know you 

aint. Because you know that s all I needs, all I wants, is for 

you to try to run, to turn your back on me and run. I know 

you aint going to.  Because all you got to beat is me. I got 

to beat old Carothers. Get your pistol.” 

   ^'No,” the other said.    ‘Go home. Get out of here. To- 

                                          ” 

night I will come to your house 

   “After this?” Lucas said. “Me and you, in the same coun- 

try, breathing the same air even? No matter what you could 

say, what you could even prove so I would have to believe 

it, after this? Get the pistol.” 

   The other drew his hands out from under the sheet and 

placed them on top of it.  “All right,” he said. “Stand over 

there against the wall until I get it.” 

   “Hah,” Lucas said. “Hah.” 

   The other put his hands back under the sheet. “Then go 

and get your razor,” he said. 

   Lucas began to pant, to indraw short breaths without 

expiration between. The white man could see his  fore- 

shortened chest, the worn faded shirt straining across it. 

“When you just watched me throw it  away?” Lucas said. 

“When you know that if I left this room now, I wouldn^t 

come back?” He went to the wall and stood with his back 

against it, still facing the bed. “Because I done already beat 

you,” he said.  “It’s  old Carothers. Get your pistol,  white 

man.” He stood panting in the rapid inhalations until it 

seemed that his lungs could not possibly hold more of it. 

He watched the other rise from the bed and grasp the foot 

of it and swing it out from the wall until it  could be ap- 

proached from either side; he watched the white man cross 

to the bureau and take the pistol  from the drawer. Still 

Lucas didn’t move. He stood pressed against the wall and 

                                                                     )) 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                                 55 

watched the white man cross to the door and close it  and 

turn the key and return to the bed and toss the pistol ont 

it and only then look toward him. Lucas began to trembk . 

"No," he said. 

    ‘Tou on one side, me on the other," the white man sak:. 

"Well kneel down and grip hands. We wont need t 

count." 

   "No!" Lucas said in a strangling voice. "For the last timi 

Take your pistol.  Lm coming." 

   "Come on then. Do you think Lm any less a McCaslin 

just because I was what ycu call woman-made to it?  Gr 

maybe you aint even a woman-made McCaslin but just a 

nigger that s got out of hand?" 

   Then Lucas was beside the bed. He didn^t remember 

moving at all.  He was kneeling, their hands gripped, fac- 

ing across the bed and the pistol  the man whom he had 

known from infancy, with whom he had lived until they 

were both grown almost as brothers lived. They had fished 

and hunted together, they had learned to swim in the same 

water, they had eaten at the same table in the white boy s 

kitchen and in the cabin of the negro's mother; they had 

slept under the same blanket before a fire in the woods. 

                                                             " 

   "For the last time," Lucas said. "I tell  you               Then 

he cried, and not to the white man and the white man 

 knew it;  he saw the whites of the negro's eyes rush sud- 

denly with red like the eyes of a bayed animal—a bear, a 

fox: "I tell you! Dont ask too much of me!" I was v/rong, 

the white man thought. I have gone too far. But it was too 

late. Even as he tried to snatch his hand free Lucas' hand 

closed on it.  He darted his left hand toward the pistol but 

Lucas caught that wrist too. Then they did not move save 

their  forearms,  their  gripped  hands  turning  gradually 


until the white man's hand was pressed back-downward on 

the pistol.  Motionless,  locked, incapable of moving, the 

white man stared at the spent and frantic face opposite his. 

   give you your chance," Lucas said. ^'Then you laid here 

asleep with your door unlocked and give me mine. Then 

I throwed the razor away and give it back. And then you 

throwed it back at me. That's right, aint it?" 

   ‘Tes," the white man said. 

   ^^Hah!" Lucas said. He flung the white man's left hand 

and arm away, striking the other backward from the bed 

as his own right hand wrenched free; he had the pistol in 

the same motion, springing up and back as the white man 

rose  too,  the bed between them.  He broke  the pistol's 

breech and glanced quickly at the cylinder and turned it 

until the empty chamber under the hammer was at  the 

bottom, so that a live cartridge would come beneath the 

hammer regardless of which direction the cylinder rotated. 

^^Because I’ll  need two of them," he said. He snapped the 

breech shut and faced the white man. Again the white man 

 saw his eyes rush until there was neither cornea nor iris. 

This is it, the white man thought, with that rapid and even 

unamazed clarity, gathering himself as much as he dared. 

Lucas didn't seem to notice. He cant even see me right now, 

the white man thought. But that was too late too.  Lucas 

was looking at him now. '‘You thought I wouldn’t, didn't 

 you?" Lucas said.  "You knowed I  could beat you, so you 

 thought to beat me with old Carothers, like Cass Edmonds 

done Isaac: used old Carothers to make Isaac give up the 

 land that was his because Cass Edmonds was the woman- 

made McCaslin, the woman-branch, the sister,  and old 

 Carothers would have told Isaac to give in to the woman- 

 kin that couldn't fend for herself. And you thought I’d do 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                               57 

that tooj didn't you? You thought I'd do it  quick, quicker 

than Isaac since it aint any land I would give up. I aint ge t 

any fine big McCaslin farnn to give up. All I  got to giv 

up is McCaslin blood that rightfully aint even mine or a': 

least aint worth much sincr. old Carothers never seeme l 

to miss much what               l  Tomey that night that mad t 

                       he give  o 

my father. And if  this is v. hat that McCaslin blood ha 

                                                                   " 

brought me, I dont want it  neither. And if the running c 

it into my black blood nevei hurt him any more than th • 

running of it  out is going to hurt me, it wont even be okv 

Carothers                   most pleasure.     Or         he 

            that had the                    —  no,"           cried 

He cant see me again, the white man thought. Now, 

Lucas cried; ‘‘say I dont even use this first bullet at all,  say 

I just uses the last one and bc‘at you and old Carothers both, 

leave you something to think about now and then when 

you aint too busy to try to think up what to tell old Caro- 

thers when you get where he's done already gone, tomorrow 

and the one after that and the one after that as long as 

           — 

tomorrow      " The white man sprang, hurling himself across 

the bed, grasping at the pistol and the hand which held it. 

Lucas sprang too; they met over the center of the bed where 

Lucas clasped the other with his left arm almost like an 

embrace and jammed the pistol  against the white man's 

side and pulled the trigger and flung the white man from 

him all in one motion, hearing as he did so the light, dry, 

incredibly loud click of the miss-fire. 

   That had been a good year,  though late in beginning 

after the rains and flood:  the year of the long summer. 

He would make more this year than he had made in a long 

time, even though and in August some of his corn had 

not had its last plowing. He was doing that now, following 

the single mule between the rows of strong, waist-high 


stalks and the rich, dark, flashing blades, pausing at the 

end of each row to back the plow out and swing it and the 

yawing mule around into the next one, until at last  the 

dinner smoke stood weightless in the bright air above his 

chimney and then at the old time she came along the fence 

with the covered pan and the pail. He did not look at her. 

He plowed on until the plantation bell rang for noon. He 

watered and fed the mule and himself ate—the milk, the 

still-warm biscuit—and rested in the shade until the bell 

rang again.  Then, not rising yet,  he took the cartridge 

from his pocket and looked at it  again, musing—the live 

cartridge, not even stained, not corroded, the mark of the 

firing-pin dented sharp and deep into the unexploded cap 

—the dull little brass cylinder less long than a match, not 

much larger than a pencil, not much heavier, yet large 

enough to contain two lives.  Have contained, that is.  Be- 

cause I wouldnt have used the second one, he thought. 

I would have 'paid, 1 would have waited for the rope, even 

the coal oil,  I would have paid. So I reckon I aint got old 

Carothers hlood for nothing, after all.  Old Carothers, he 

thought. I needed him and he come and spoke for me. He 

plowed again. Presently she came back along the fence and 

got the pan and pail herself instead of letting him bring 

them home when he came. But she would be busy today; 

and it seemed to him still early in the afternoon when he 

saw the supper smoke—the supper which she would leave 

on the hearth for him when she went back to the big house 

with the children. When he reached home in the dusk, she 

was just departing. But she didn't wear the white woman s 

shoes now and her dress was the same shapeless faded 

calico she had worn in the morning. ‘Tour supper's ready," 

she said. “I aint had time to milk yet. You'll have to." 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH 

                                                                 59 

   'If I can wait on that milk, I reckon the cow can too,^’ 

he said. ''Can you tote them both all right?’' 

   "I reckon I can. I been taking care of both of them a g( od 

while now without no man-help." She didn’t look ba :k. 

"I’ll come back out           I                sleep." 

                      when  gets them to 

   "I reckon you better put your time on them," he s Ad 

gruffly. "Since that’s what you started out to do." She w- nt 

on, neither answering noi looking back, impervious, tr n- 

quil,  somehow serene. N )r  was he any longer watch: ig 

her.  He breathed slow and quiet.  Womeriy he thoug it. 

Women, I wont never know, I dont want to, 1 ruther ne\ er 

to  know than to  find out  later  I  have heen fooled.  He 

turned toward the room where the fire was, where his sup- 

per waited. This time he spoke aloud:  "How to God," he 

said, "can a black man ask a white man to please not lay 

down with his black wife? And even if he could ask it, how 

to God can the white man promise he wont?" 

                                3* 

   "George Wilkins?" Edmonds said. He came to the edge 

        gallery      young man still,  yet possessing 

                — 

of the             a                                       already 

something of that almost choleric shortness of temper which 

Lucas remembered in old Cass Edmonds but which had 

skipped Zack. In age he could have been Lucas’ son, but 

actually was the lesser man for more reason than that, 

since it was not Lucas who paid taxes insurance and inter- 

est  or owned anything which had to  be  kept ditched 

drained fenced and fertilised or gambled anything save his 

sweat, and that only as he saw fit,        against God for his 

                                                                  " 

yearly sustenance. "What in hell has George Wilkins 

   Without changing the inflection of his voice and ap- 


parently without effort or even design Lucas became not 

Negro but nigger, not secret so much as impenetrable, not 

servile and not effacing, but enveloping himself in an aura 

of timeless and stupid impassivity almost like a smell. ''Hes 

running a kettle in that gully behind the Old West field. 

If you want the whisky too, look under his kitchen floor.’^ 

   "A still?'’  Edmonds said.  "On my land?" He began to 

roar. "Haven't I told and told every man woman and child 

on this place what I would do the first drop of white mule 

whisky I found on my land?" 

   "You didn't need to tell me," Lucas said. "I've lived on 

this place since I was born, since before your pa was. And 

you or him or old Cass either aint never heard of me hav- 

ing truck with any kind of whisky except that bottle of 

townwhisky you and him give Molly Christmas." 

   "I know it," Edmonds said.  "And I would have thought 

                 — 

George Wilkins      " He ceased. He said, "Hah. Have I or 

haven't I heard something about George wanting to marry 

that girl of yours?" 

   For just an instant Lucas didn't answer. Then he said, 

"That's right." 

   "Hah," Edmonds said again. "And so you thought that 

by telling me on George before he got caught himself, I 

would be satisfied to make him chop up his kettle and pour 

out his whisky and then forget about it." 

   "I didn't know," Lucas said. 

   "Well, you know now," Edmonds said. "And George will 

                     — 

too when the sheriff    " he went back into the house. Lucas 

listened to the hard, rapid, angry clapping of his heels on 

the floor,  then to the prolonged violent grinding of the 

telephone crank. Then he stopped listening, standing mo- 

tionless in the half-darkness, blinking a little.  He thought. 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                          6i 

All that worrying. 1 never even thought of that. Edmonds 

returned. ^‘All right/' he si\id. 'Tou can go on home no v. 

Go to bed. I know it wont do a damn bit of good to m^ n- 

tion it,  but I  would like to see your south creek pic :e 

planted by tomorrow night .    You doped around in it tod ly 

like you hadn't been to bed for a week. I dont know wl at 

you do at night,  but you are  too old  to be tomcatti ig 

around the country whethi r you think so or not." 

   He went back home. Now that it  was all  over, doi e, 

he realised how tired he actually was. It was as if  the  il- 

 ternating waves of alarm and outrage and anger and fear 

of the past ten days, culminating in last  night's  franiic 

activity and the past thirty-six hours during which he had 

not even taken off his clothes, had narcotised him, dead- 

ened the very weariness itself. But it was all right now. If a 

little  physical exhaustion, even another ten days or two 

weeks of it, was all required of him in return for that mo- 

ment last night, he would not complain. Then he remem- 

bered that he had not told Edmonds of his decision to quit 

farming, for Edmonds to arrange to rent the land he had 

been working to someone else to finish his crop. But per- 

haps that was just as well too; perhaps even a single night 

would suffice to find the rest of the money which a churn 

that size must have contained, and he would keep the land, 

the crop, from old habit, for something to occupy him. 

Provided 1 dont need to keep it  for a better reason still, 

he thought grimly.  Since I  probably aint even made a 

scratch yet on the kind of luck that can wait unto I  am 

sixty-seven years old,  almost too old to  even want it,     to 

make me rich. 

   The house was dark except for a faint glow from the 

hearth in his and his wife's room. The room across the 


hallway where his daughter slept was dark too. It would 

be empty too.  He had expected that.  I  reckon George 

Wilkins is entitled to one more night of female company, 

he thought. From what I have heard, he wont find none of 

it where hes going tomorrow. 

   When he got into bed his wife said without waking, 

*Whar you been? Walking the roads all last night. Walk- 

ing the roads all  tonight, with the ground crying to get 

planted.  You just  wait unto Mister Roth— and then 

stopped talking without waking either. Sometime later, he 

waked. It was after midnight. He lay beneath the quilt on 

the shuck mattress. It would be happening about now. He 

knew how they did it—the white  sheriff  and revenue 

officers  and deputies  creeping and crawling among the 

bushes with drawn pistols, surrounding the kettle, sniffing 

and whiffing like hunting dogs at every stump and dis- 

figuration of earth until every jug and keg was found and 

carried back to where the car waited; maybe they would 

even take a sup or two to ward off the night s chill before 

returning to the still  to squat until George walked inno- 

cently in.  He was neither triumphant nor vindictive.  He 

even felt something personal toward George now. He is 

young yet, he thought. They wont keep him down there 

forever. In fact, as far as he, Lucas, was concerned, two 

weeks would be enough. He can afford to give a year or two 

at it. And mayhe when they lets him out it will he a lesson 

to him about whose daughter to fool with next time. 

   Then his wife was leaning over the bed, shaking him 

and screaming. It was just after dawn. In his shirt and 

drawers he ran behind her,  out onto the back gallery. 

Sitting  on the  ground before  it    was George Wilkins' 

patched and battered still;  on the gallery itself was an as- 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                                63 

sortment of fruit jars and stoneware jugs and a keg or so 

and one rusted five-gallon oilcan which, to Lucas' horrifii-jd 

and sleep-dulled eyes, appeared capable of holding enouj.;h 

liquid to fill  a ten-foot horse trough. He could even see it 

in the glass jars— pale, colorless fluid in which still float d 

                     a 

the shreds of com-husks which George s  tenth-hand st 11 

had not removed. "'Whar was Nat last night?" he cried. 

He grasped his wife by the shoulder, shaking her.  'Wbix 

was Nat, old woman?" 

   *^She left  right behind vou!" his wife cried.  ^'She Al- 

lowed you again, like night before last!  Didn't you kne w 

it?" 

       knows it  now," Lucas said.  *^Get the axe!" he said. 

**Bust it!  We aint got time to get it away." But there was 

not time for that either. Neither of them had yet moved 

when the sheriff of the county, followed by a deputy, came 

around the corner of the house—a tremendous man, fat, 

who obviously had been up all night and obviously still did 

not like it. 

    ''Damn it,  Lucas," he said.  "I thought you had better 

sense than this." 

   "This aint none of mine," Lucas said. "You know it aint. 

Even if  it was, would I have had it  here? George Wil- 

           " 

kins 

   "Never you mind about George Wilkins," the sheriff 

said. "I've got him too. He's out there in the car, with that 

girl of yours. Go get your pants on. We're going to town." 

   Two hours later he was in the commissioner’s office in 

the federal courthouse in Jefferson. He was still inscrutable 

of  face,  blinking  a little,    listening  to  George Wilkins 

breathing hard beside him and to the voices of the white 

men. 


   ''Confound it,  Carothers,” the commissioner said, "what 

the hell  kind of Senegambian Montague and Capulet is 

this anyhow?'' 

   "Ask them!" Edmonds said violently. "Ask them! Wilkins 

and that girl of Lucas' want to get married. Lucas wouldn't 

hear of it  for some reason— just seem to be finding out 

                                 I 

now why. So last night Lucas came to my house and told 

                                                               — 

me George was running a still          on my land because 

without even a pause to  draw a fresh breath Edmonds 

                        " 

began to roar again  —he knew damn well what I would 

do because I have been telling every nigger on my place 

for years just what I would do if I ever found one drop of 

                          " 

that damn wildcat 

   "Yes, yes," the commissioner said;  "all  right, all  right. 

                                       " 

So you telephoned the sheriff 

                                — 

   "And we got the message         " it was one of the deputies, 

a plump man though nowhere as big as the sheriff, voluble, 

muddy about the lower legs and a little strained and weary 

in the face too "—and we went out there and Mr Roth 

told us where to look. But there aint no kettle in the gully 

where he said,  so we set down and thought about just 

where would we hide a still  if we was one of Mr Roth's 

niggers and we went and looked there and sho enough 

 there it  was, neat and careful as you please,  all  took to 

pieces  and about half  buried  and covered  with brush 

against a kind of mound in the creek bottom. Only it was 

getting toward daybreak then, so we decided to come on 

back to George's house and look under the kitchen floor 

 like Mr Roth said, and then have a little talk with George. 

 So we come on back to George's house, only there aint any 

 George or nobody else in it and nothing under the kitchen 

 floor neither and so we are coming on back toward Mr 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                            65 

Roth s house to ask him if maybe he aint got the wrong 

house in mind maybe; its just about full  daylight noJV 

and we are about a hundred yards from Lucas's house wh< n 

what do we see but Georgt  and the gal legging it up tl e 

hill toward Lucas's cabin v ith a gallon jug in each han i, 

only George busted the jugs on a root before we could          it 

                                                             g 

to them. And about that time Lucas's wife starts to yellii 

                                                               g 

in the house and we run around to the back and there is 

another still  setting in Luias's back yard and about for 

                                                               y 

gallons of whisky setting c n his back gallery like he w is 

fixing to hold a auction sa’e and Lucas standing there  h 

his drawers and shirt-tail, hollering, *Git the axe and bust t! 

                           " 

Git the axe and bust it!' 

   ^Tes," the commissioner said.  'Tut who do you charge? 

You went out there to catch George, but all your evidence 

is against Lucas." 

    'There was two stills,"  the deputy said.  "And George 

and that gal both swear Lucas has been making and sell- 

 ing whisky right there in Edmonds' back yard for twenty 

 years." For an instant Lucas looked up and met Edmonds' 

glare, not of reproach and no longer even of surprise, but 

of grim and furious outrage. Then he looked away, blink- 

 ing,  listening to George Wilkins breathing hard beside 

 him like a man in the profoundest depths of sleep, and to 

 the voices. 

    "But you cant make his  own daughter testify  against 

 him," the commissioner said. 

   "George can,  though," the deputy said.  "George aint 

 any kin to him. Not to mention being in a fix where George 

 has got to think up something good to say and think of it 

 quick." 

    "Let the court settle all that, Tom," the sheriff said.  "I 


was up all last night and I haven't even had my breakfast 

yet. IVe brought you a prisoner and thirty or forty gallons 

of evidence and two witnesses. Let's get done with this." 

      think you've brought two prisoners,"  the  commis- 

sioner said.  He began to write on the paper before him. 

Lucas watched the moving hand, blinking.  *Tm going to 

commit them both. George can testify against Lucas, and 

that girl  can testify against George. She aint any kin to 

George either." 

   He could have posted his and George's appearance bonds 

without altering the first figure of his bank balance. When 

Edmonds had drawn his own check to cover them, they re- 

turned to Edmonds' car. This time George drove it,  with 

Nat in front with him. It was seventeen miles back home. 

For th"bse seventeen miles he sat beside the grim and seeth- 

ing white man in the back seat, with nothing to look at but 

those two heads    that   his daughter where she shrank as 

                —  of 

far as possible from George, into her corner, never once 

looking back; that of George, the ruined panama hat raked 

above his right ear, who still  seemed to swagger even sit- 

ting down. Leastways his face aint all  full of teeth now 

like it used to he whenever it found anybody looking at it, 

he thought viciously.  But never mind that either,  right 

now. So he sat in the car when it  stopped at the carriage 

gate and watched Nat spring out and run like a frightened 

deer up the lane toward his house, still  without looking 

back, never once looking at him. Then they drove on to 

the mule lot,  the stable, and he and George got out and 

again he could hear George breathing behind him while 

Edmonds, behind the wheel now, leaned his elbow in the 

window and glared at them both. 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                           67 

   "Get your mules!'^ Edmonds said.  ‘What in hell are you 

waiting for?'' 

   "I thought you were fixing to say something," Lucas sail. 

"So a man's kinfolks cant tell on him in court." 

   "Never you mind about that!" Edmonds said.  "Geor|. e 

can tell  plenty,  and he airit  any kin to you. And if  1  e 

should begin to forget, Nat aint any kin to George and si e 

can tell plenty. I know wh it you are thinking about. B it 

you have waited too late.  If George and Nat tried to bi 

                                                              y 

a wedding license now, thev would probably hang you ai d 

George both. Besides, damn that.  I'm going to take y( u 

both to the penitentiary mvself as soon as you are laid-by. 

Now you get on down to your south creek piece. By God, 

this is one time you will take advice from me. And here 

it  is: dont come out until you have finished it.      If dark 

catches you, dont let it worry you. I'll send somebody down 

there with a lantern." 

   He was done with the south creek piece before dark; he 

had intended to finish it  today anyhow. He was back at 

the stable, his mules watered and rubbed down and stalled 

and fed while George was still  unharnessing.  Then he 

entered the lane and in the beginning of twilight walked 

toward his house above whose chimney the windless supper 

smoke stood. He didn't walk fast, neither did he look back 

when he spoke. "George Wilkins," he said. 

   "Sir," George said behind him. They walked on in single 

file and almost step for step, about five feet apart. 

   "Just what was your idea?" 

   "I dont rightly know, sir,"  George said.  "It uz mostly 

Nat's. We never aimed to get you into no trouble.  She 

say maybe ifn we took and fotch that kettle from whar you 

 and Mister Roth told them shurfs it was and you would 


find it settin on yo back porch, maybe when we offered to 

help you git shet of it  fo they got here, yo mind might 

change about loandin us the money to—I mean to leffen 

us get married/' 

   ''Hah," Lucas said. They walked on. Now he could smell 

the cooking meat. He reached the gate and turned. George 

stopped too, lean, wasp-waisted, foppish even in faded over- 

alls below the swaggering rake of the hat.  "There's more 

folks than just me in that trouble." 

   "Yes sir,"  George said.  "Hit look like it  is.      I  hope it 

gonter be a lesson to me." 

   "I hope so too," Lucas said. "When they get done send- 

ing you to Parchman you'll have plenty of time between 

working cotton and corn you aint going to get no third 

and fourth of even, to study it."  They looked at one an- 

other. 

    "Yes sir," George said. "Especially wid you there to help 

me worry hit out." 

    "Hah," Lucas said. He didn't move; he hardly raised his 

voice even: "Nat." He didn't even look toward the house 

 then as the girl came down the path, barefoot, in a clean, 

 faded calico dress  and a bright headrag.  Her face was 

 swollen from crying, but her voice was defiant, not hys- 

 terical. 

    "It wasn't me that told Mister Roth to telefoam them 

 shurfs!" she cried. He looked at her for the first time. He 

 looked at her until even the defiance began to fade, to be 

 replaced by something alert and speculative. He saw her 

 glance flick past his shoulder to where George stood and 

 return. 

    "Mymind done changed," he said. "I'm going to let you 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                          69 

and George get married/'  She stared at him. Again he 

watched her glance flick to George and return. 

   *'lt changed quick," she  said.  She stared at him. Her 

hand, the long, limher, narrow, light-palmed hand of ler 

race,  rose and touched for an instant the bright cott >n 

which bound her head. Her inflection, the very tone a' id 

pitch of her voice had changed. ''Me, marry George W il- 

kins and go to live in a house whar the whole back poi :h 

is  done already fell off and whar I  got to walk a hall  a 

mile and back from the sprmg to fetch water? He aint ev in 

got no stove!" 

   "My chimbley cooks goal," George said. "And I can pr )p 

up the porch." 

   "And I  can get used to walking a mile for  two lard 

buckets  full   of  water,"  she  said.  "I  dont  wants  no 

propped-up porch. I wants a new porch on George s house 

and a cook-stove and a well. And how you gonter get um? 

What you gonter pay for no stove with, and a new porch, 

and somebody to help you dig a well?" Yet it  was still 

Lucas she stared at,  ceasing with no dying fall  of her 

high, clear soprano voice, watching her father s face as if 

they were engaged with foils.  His face was not grim and 

neither cold nor angry.  It was absolutely expressionless, 

impenetrable. He might have been asleep standing, as a 

horse sleeps. When he spoke, he might have been speak- 

ing to himself. 

   "A cook-stove," he said. "The back porch fixed. A well." 

   "A new back porch," she said. He might not have even 

heard her. She might not have spoken even. 

   "The back porch fixed," he said. Then she was not look- 

ing at him. Again the hand rose, slender and delicate and 


markless of any labor, and touched the back of her head- 

kerchief. Lucas moved. ‘‘George Wilkins,'' he said. 

   “Sir," George said. 

   “Come into the house," Lucas said. 

   And so, in its own good time, the other day came at last. 

In their Sunday clothes he and Nat and George stood be- 

side the carriage gate while the car came up and stopped. 

“Morning,  Nat,"  Edmonds said.           “When did  you  get 

home?" 

   “I got home yistiddy. Mister Roth." 

   “You stayed in Vicksburg a good while. I didn't know 

you were going until Aunt Molly told me you were already 

gone." 

   “Yassuh," she said. “I lef the next day after them shurfs 

was h^re.—I  didn't know it  neither," she said.  “I  never 

much wanted to go. It was pappy s idea for me to go and 

                    " 

see my aunt 

   “Hush, and get in the car," Lucas said. “If I'm going to 

finish my crop in this county or finish somebody else's crop 

in Parchman county, I would like to know it soon as I can." 

   “Yes," Edmonds said. He spoke to Nat again. “You and 

George go on a minute. I want to talk to Lucas." Nat and 

George went on. Lucas stood beside the car while Edmonds 

looked at him. It was the first time Edmonds had spoken 

to him since that morning three weeks ago, as though it 

had required those three weeks for his rage to consume it- 

self, or die down at least. Now the white man leaned in 

the window, looking at the impenetrable face with its defi- 

nite strain of white blood, the same blood which ran in his 

own veins, which had not only come to the negro through 

male descent while it had come to him from a woman, but 

had reached the negro a generation sooner—a face com- 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                           71 

posed, inscrutable, even a little haughty, shaped even in 

expression in the pattern of his great-grandfather McCas- 

lin's face.  '1 reckon you know what's going to happen to 

you," he said.  'Whenthat federal lawyer gets through w th 

Nat, and Nat gets througli with George, and George g^its 

through with you and Judge Gowan gets through with ill 

of you. You have been oi\  this place all  your life,  almost 

twice as long as I have. You knew all the McCaslins a id 

Edmonds both that ever lived here, except old Caroth< rs. 

Was that still and that whisky in your back yard yours?' 

   "You know it wasn't," Lucas said. 

   "All right," Edmonds said. "Was that still they found in 

the creek bottom yours?" 

   They looked at each other. "I aint being tried for that 

one," Lucas said. 

   'Was that  still   yours,  Lucas?" Edmonds said.      They 

looked at one another. Yet still  the face which Edmonds 

saw was absolutely blank, impenetrable. Even the eyes ap- 

peared to have nothing behind them. He thought, and not 

for the first time: I am not only looking at a face older than 

mine and which has seen and winnowed more, hut at a 

man most of whose Mood was pure ten thousand years 

when my own anonymous beginnings  became  mixed 

enough to 'produce me, 

   "Do you want me to answer that?" Lucas said. 

   "No!" Edmonds said violently. "Get in the carl" 

   When they reached town, the streets leading into it and 

the Square itself were crowded with cars and wagons; the 

flag rippled and flew in the bright May weather above the 

federal courthouse. Following Edmonds, he and Nat and 

George crossed the thronged pavement, walking in a nar- 

row lane of  faces  they knew—other people  from their 


place, people from other places along the creek and in the 

neighborhood, come the seventeen miles also with no hope 

of getting into the courtroom itself but just to wait on the 

street and see them pass—and faces they only knew by 

hearsay: the rich white lawyers and judges and marshals 

talking  to  one another  around  their  proud  cigars,    the 

haughty and powerful of the earth. They entered the mar- 

ble foyer, crowded too and sonorous with voices,  where 

George began to walk gingerly on the hard heels of his 

Sunday shoes. Then Lucas took from his coat the thick, 

soiled, folded document which had lain hidden under the 

loose brick in his fireplace for three weeks now and touched 

Edmonds arm with it—  paper thick enough and soiled 

                          the 

enough yet which of its own accord apparently fell open 

at  a ’touch,  stiffly but easily  too  along  the  old  hand- 

smudged folds, exposing, presenting among the meaning- 

less and unread lettering between salutation and seal the 

three phrases in the cramped script of whatever nameless 

clerk which alone of the whole mass of it Lucas at least had 

bothered to  read:  George Wilkins and Nathalie  Beau- 

champ and a date in October of last year. 

   “Do you mean,'’ Edmonds said, “that you have had this 

all the time? All these three weeks?" But still  the face he 

glared at was impenetrable, almost sleepy looking. 

   “You hand it to Judge Gowan," Lucas said. 

   He and Nat and George sat quietly on a hard wooden 

bench in a small office, where an oldish white man—Lucas 

knew him though not particularly that he was a deputy 

marshal—chewed a toothpick and read a Memphis news- 

paper. Then a young, brisk,  slightly harried white man 

in glasses opened the door and glinted his glasses an in- 

 stant and vanished; then, following the old white man they 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                              73 

crossed the foyer again, the marble cavern murmuroudy 

resonant with the constant slow feet and the voices,  t ie 

faces watching them again as they mounted the stairs. Th 

                                                                 ;y 

crossed the empty courtroom without pausing and enter id 

another office  but larger,  finer,  quieter.  There was         n 

angry-looking man whom  ucas             not know—the Unit id 

                             I       did 

States Attorney, who had moved to Jefferson only after 

the administration changed eight years ago, after Lucas h td 

stopped coming to  town very  often  anymore. But E i- 

monds was there, and behind the table sat a man whom 

Lucas did know, who had used to come out in old Ca 

time forty and fifty years ago and stay for weeks during 

the quail season, shooting with Zack, with Lucas to hold 

the horses while they got down to shoot when the dogs 

pointed. It took hardly any time at all. 

   'Tucas Beauchamp?'' the judge said.         ‘With thirty gal- 

lons of whisky and a still sitting on his back porch in broad 

daylight? Nonsense." 

   "Then there you are," the angry man said, flinging out 

his hands. "I didn't know anything about this either until 

           — 

Edmonds       " But the judge was not even listening to him. 

He was looking at Nat. 

   "Come here,  girl,"  he said.  Nat moved forward and 

stopped. Lucas could see her trembling. She looked small, 

thin as a lath, young; she was their youngest and last 

seventeen, born into his wife's old age and, it  sometimes 

seemed to him, into his too. She was too young to be mar- 

ried and face all  the troubles which married people had 

to get through in order to become old and find out for 

themsdves the taste and savor of peace. Just a stove and 

a new back porch and a well were not enough. "You're 

Lucas's girl?" the judge said. 


   ‘Tassuh,” Nat said in her high, sweet, chanting soprano. 

“I’m name Nat. Nat Wilkins, Gawge Wilkins’ wife. There 

the paper fer hit in yo hand.” 

   “I see it is,” the judge said. “It’s dated last October.” 

   ‘Tes sir. Judge,” George said.  ‘Webeen had it  since I 

sold my cotton last fall. We uz married then, only she wont 

come to live in my house unto Mister Lu—I mean I gots 

a stove and the porch fixed and a well dug.” 

   “Have you got that now?” 

   ‘Tes sir.  Judge,” George said. “I got the money for hit 

now and I’m just fo gittin the rest of it,         soon as I  gits 

around to the hammerin and the diggin.” 

   “I see,” the judge said. “Henry,” he said to the other old 

man, the one with the toothpick, “have you got that whisky 

where you can pour it out?” 

   ‘Tes, Judge,” the other said. 

   “And both those stills where you can chop them to pieces, 

destroy them good?” 

   ‘Tes, Judge.” 

   “Then clear my office. Get them out of here. Get that 

jimber-jawed clown out of here at least.” 

   “He’s talking about you, George Wilkins,” Lucas mur- 

mured. 

    ‘Tes sir,” George said. “Sound like he is.” 

                                 4- 

   At first he thought that two or three days at the outside 

would suffice—or nights, that is, since George would have 

 to be in his crop during the day, let alone getting himself 

 and Nat settled for marriage in their house. But a week 

 passed, and though Nat would come hack home at least 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                        75 

once during the day, usually to borrow something, he h^d 

not seen George at all.  He comprehended the root of his 

impatience—the mound and its secret which someone, an y- 

one else, might stumble upon by chance as he had, tl e 

rapid and daily shortening of the alloted span in whi( h 

he had not only to find the treasure but to get any benefit 

and pleasure from it,  all  in abeyance until he could cori- 

plete the petty business wh oh had intervened, and nothii 

                                                           g 

with which to pass the period of waiting—the good yes:, 

the good early season, and cotton and com springing vp 

almost in the planter s wheel-print, so that there was no v 

nothing to do but lean on the fence and watch it grow; 

on the one hand, that which he wanted to do and could not; 

on the other, that which he could have done and no need 

for. But at last, in the second week, when he knew that in 

one more day his patience would be completely gone, he 

stood just  inside his  kitchen door and watched George 

enter and cross the lot in the dusk and enter the stable 

and emerge with his mare and put her to the wagon and 

drive away. So the next morning he went no further than 

his first patch and leaned on the fence in the bright dew 

looking at his cotton until his wife began to shout at him 

from the house. 

   When he entered, Nat was sitting in his chair beside the 

hearth, bent forward, her long narrow hands dangling limp 

between her knees, her face swollen and puffed again with 

crying. *Tawl and your George Wilkins!'' Molly said.  ‘'Go 

on and tell him." 

   “He aint started on the well or nothing," Nat said. “He 

aint even propped up the back porch. With all that money 

you give him, he aint even started. And I axed him and he 

just say he aint got around to it  yet, and I waited and I 


axed him again and he still just say he aint got around to 

it yet. Unto I told him at last that ifn he didn't get started 

like he promised, my mind gonter change about whatall I 

seed that night them shurfs come out here and so last night 

he say he gwine up the road a piece and do I wants to 

come back home and stay because he mought not get back 

unto late and I say I can bar the door because I  thought 

he was going to fix to start on the well. And when I seed 

him catch up pappy's mare and wagon, I knowed that was 

it. And it aint unto almost daylight when he got back, and 

he aint got nothing. Not nothing to dig with and no boards 

to fix the porch, and he had done spent the money pappy 

give him. And I told him what I was gonter do and I was 

waiting at the house soon as Mister Roth got up and I told 

Mister Roth my mind done changed about what I  seed 

that night and Mister Roth started in to cussing and say I 

done waited too late because I'm Gawge's wife now and 

the Law wont listen to me and for me to come and tell 

you and Gawge both to be ofFen his place by sundown." 

   ‘"There now!" Molly cried.  “There's your George Wil- 

kins!" Lucas was already moving toward the door. “Whar 

you gwine?" she said. “Whar we gonter move to?" 

   “You wait to start worrying about where we will move to 

when Roth Edmonds starts to worrying about why we aint 

 gone," Lucas said. 

   The sun was well up now. It was going to be hot today; 

it was going to make cotton and corn both before the sun 

went down. When he reached George's house,  George 

 stood quietly out from behind the  comer of  it.        Lucas 

 crossed the grassless  and sunglared yard,  the light dust 

 swept into the intricate and curving patterns which Molly 

 had taught Nat. “Where is it?" Lucas said. 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                            77 

      hid hit in that gully where mine use to he/^ George 

said.  ''Since them shurfs never found nothing there the 

yuther time, they11 think h^t aint no use to look there no 

more.^^ 

   "You fool,” Lucas said.     'Dont you know a week aii t 

going to pass from now to the next election without or e 

of them looking in that gu^ly just because Roth Edmom s 

told them there was a still in it once? And when they catc i 

you this time, you aint going to have any witness you ha^ e 

already been married to sin^ e last fall.” 

   "They aint going to cauh me this time,” George sai«l. 

"I done had my lesson. Lm gonter run this one the way ycu 

tells me to.” 

   "You better had,” Lucas said. "As soon as dark falls you 

take that wagon and get that thing out of that gully. Fll 

show you where to put it.     Hah,” he said.  "And I  reckon 

this one looks enough like the one that was in that gully 

before not to even been moved at all.” 

   "No sir,” George said. "This is a good one. The worm in 

hit is  almost brand-new. That s how come I  couldn't git 

him down on the price  he axed. That porch and well 

money liked two dollars of being enough, but I just made 

 that up myself, without needing to bother you. But it aint 

worrying about gittin caught that troubles my mind. What 

 I cant keep from studying about is what we gonter tell Nat 

about that back porch and that well.” 

   "What we is?” Lucas said. 

   "What I is,  then,” George said. Lucas looked at him for 

 a moment. 

    "GeorgeWilkins,” he said. 

    "Sir,” George said. 

    "I dont give no man advice about his wife,” Lucas said. 

                   Chapter Two 

.A.BOUT a hundred yards before they reached the com- 

missary, Lucas spoke over his shoulder without stopping. 

^Tou wait here/' he said. 

   ^‘No, no/' the salesman said.  ‘I'll talk to him myself. If 

                                    — 

I cant sell it  to him, there aint a   "  He stopped. He re- 

coiled actually; another step and he would have walked 

full tilt into Lucas. He was young, not yet thirty, with the 

assurance, the slightly soiled snap and dash, of his calling, 

and a white man. Yet he even stopped talking and looked 

at the negro in battered overalls who stood looking down 

at him not only with dignity but with command. 

   “You wait here,"  Lucas said.  So the salesman leaned 

against the fence in the bright August morning, while 

Lucas went on to the commissary. He mounted the steps, 

besHe which a bright-coated young mare with a blaze and 

three stockings stood under a wide plantation saddle, and 

entered the long room with its  ranked shelves of tinned 

food and tobacco and patent medicines, its hooks pendant 

with trace chains and collars and hames. Edmonds sat at 

a roll-top desk beside the front window, writing in a ledger. 

Lucas stood quietly looking at the back of Edmonds' neck 

until the other turned. “He's come," Lucas said. 

                              78 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                              79 

   Edmonds swivelled the chair around, back-tilted. He was 

already glaring before the chair stopped moving; he said 

with astonishing violence: 

   'Tes,'' Lucas said. 

   "No!" 

   "He brought it with him." Lucas said. "I saw with mv 

                " 

own eyes 

   "Do you mean to tell me you wrote him to come dow t 

here after I told you I wouldn't advance you three hundrol 

dollars nor three hundred C( nts nor even three cents 

   "I saw it,  I tell you," Lucus said. "I saw it work with m^' 

own eyes. I buried a dollar in my back yard this momin^j 

and that machine went right straight to where it was and 

found it.  We are going to find that money tonight and I 

will pay you back in the morning." 

   "Good!" Edmonds said.  "Fine! You've got over three 

thousand dollars in the bank. Advance yourself the money. 

Then you wont even have to pay it back." Lucas looked at 

him. He didn't even blink.  "Hah," Edmonds said.  "And 

because why? Because you know damn well just like  I 

 know damn well that there aint any money buried around 

here. You've been here sixty-seven years. Did you ever hear 

of anybody in this country with enough money to bury? 

 Can you imagine anybody in this  country burying any- 

thing worth as much as two bits that some of his kinfolks 

or his friends or his neighbors aint dug up and spent before 

he could even get back home and put his shovel away?" 

   "You're wrong," Lucas said. "Folks find it.  Didn't I tell 

 you about them two strange white men that come in here 

 after dark that night three or four years ago and dug up 

 twenty-two thousand dollars in a old chum and got out 


again before anybody even laid eyes on them? I  saw the 

hole where they filled it up again. And the chum.'' 

   "'Yes," Edmonds said,  ‘‘You told me. And you didn't be- 

lieve it  then either. But now you've changed your mind. 

Is that it?" 

   “They found it,"  Lucas said.  “Got clean away before 

anybody even knowed it, knowed they was here even." 

   “Then how do you know it  was twenty-two thousand 

dollars?" But Lucas merely looked at him. It was not stub- 

bornness but an infinite,  almost Jehovah-like patience, as 

if he were contemplating the antics of a lunatic child. 

   “Your father would have lent me three hundred dollars 

if he was here," he said. 

   “But I aint," Edmonds said. “And if  I could keep you 

from spending any of your money on a damn machine to 

hunt buried gold with, I would do that too. But then, you 

aint going to use your money, are you? That's why you 

came to me. You've got better sense. You just hoped I 

didn't have. Didn't you?" 

   “It looks like I'm going to have to use mine," Lucas said. 

                                               " 

“I'm going to ask you one more time 

   “No!" Edmonds said.  Lucas looked at him for a good 

minute this time. He did not sigh. 

   “All right," he said. 

   When he emerged from the commissary, he saw George 

too,  the soiled  gleam of the ruined panama hat where 

George and the salesman now squatted in the shade of a 

tree, squatting on their heels without any other support. 

Hah, he thought, He mought talk like a city man and he 

mought even think he is one. But I  know now where he 

 was horn at. The salesman looked up as Lucas approached. 

 He gave Lucas one rapid,  hard look and rose,  already 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                             8i 

moving toward the commissary. ^‘Hell/^ he said,          told you 

all the time to let me talk to him.^* 

   '‘No,'' Lucas said.  "You stay out of there." 

   "Then what are you goii\g to do?" the salesman said 

                                           Memphis  And hov 

                                                     — 

 "Here I've come all  the wtty from 

 you ever persuaded them u]' there in Saint Louis to sent* 

 this machine out without any downpayment in the firs: 

place, I still  dont see. And t'll  tell  you right now, if I'vi 

got to take it  back, turn in  an expense account for thi 

 trip  and not one damn thing to  show for it,          somethin},, 

         ” 

 is 

    "We aint doing any good standing here, at least," Luca> 

 said. He went on, the others following him, back to the 

 gate, the road where the salesman's car waited. The divin- 

 ing machine sat on the back seat and Lucas stood in the 

 open door,  looking at  it—an oblong metal box with a 

 handle for carrying at each end, compact and solid, efficient 

 and business-like and complex with knobs and dials.  He 

 didn't touch it.  He just leaned in the door and stood over 

 it, blinking, bemused. He spoke to no one. "And I watched 

 it work," he said. "I watched it with my own eyes." 

    "What did you expect?" the salesman said. "That^s what 

 it s  supposed to do. That^s why we want three hundred 

 dollars for it.  Well?" he said. ^TVhat are you going to do? 

 I've got to know, so I can know what to do myself. Aint 

 you got three hundred dollars? What about some of your 

 kinfolks? Hasn't your wife got three hundred dollars hid 

 under the mattress somewhere?" Lucas mused on the ma- 

 chine. He did not look up yet. 

     ‘Wewill find that money tonight," he said.  "You put 

 in the machine and I'll show you where to look, and we'll 

 go halves in it." 


   *'Ha, ha, ha,^' the salesman said harshly, with no muscle 

of his face moving save the ones which parted his lips. 

 '"Now ril tell one/' Lucas mused above the box. 

   'Webound to find hit, captain," George said suddenly. 

"Two white men slipped in here three years ago and dug 

up twenty-two thousand dollars in a old chum one night 

and got clean away fo daylight." 

   "You bet,"  the salesman said.  "And you knew it  was 

exactly twenty-two grand because you found where they 

had throwed away the odd cents they never wanted to 

bother with." 

   "Naw sir," George said. "Hit mought a been more than 

twenty-two thousand dollars. Hit wuz a big churn." 

   "George Wilkins," Lucas said.  He was still  half way 

inside the car. He didn't even turn his head. 

   "Sir," George said. 

   "Hush," Lucas said.  He withdrew his head and upper 

body and turned and looked at the salesman. Again the 

young white man saw a face absolutely impenetrable, even 

a little cold. "I'll swap you a mule for it," Lucas said. 

   "A mule?" 

   'When we find that money tonight. I'll  buy the mule 

back from you for the three hundred dollars." George drew 

in his breath with a faint hissing sound. The salesman 

glanced quickly at him, at the raked hat, the rapid batting 

of his eyes. Then the salesman looked back at Lucas. They 

looked at one another—the shrewd, suddenly sober, sud- 

denly attentive face of the young white man, the absolutely 

expressionless one of the negro. 

   "Do you own the mule?" 

   "How could I swap it to you if I didn't?" Lucas said. 

   "Let's go see it," the salesman said. 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                            83 

   ‘^George Wilkins/' Lucas said. 

   ''Sir/' George said. 

   "Go to my stable and get my halter." 

   Edmonds found the muk was missing as  soon as  the 

lotmen, Dan and Oscar, brought the drove in from pasture 

that evening.  She was a  three-year-old,  eleven-hundred* 

pound mare mule named Alice Ben Bolt, and he had re; 

fused three hundred dollars  for her in  the spring.  He 

didn't even curse. He merely surrendered the mare to Dan 

and waited beside the lot fence while the rapid beat of the 

mare's feet died away in the dusk and then returned and 

Dan sprang down and handed him his flashlight and pis- 

tol.  Then, himself on the mare and the two negroes on 

saddleless mules, they went back across the pasture, ford- 

ing the creek, to the gap in the fence through which the 

mule had been led.  From there they followed the tracks 

of the mule and the man in the soft earth along the edge 

of a cotton field,  to the road. And here too they could 

follow them, Dan walking now and carrying the flash- 

light, where the man had led the unshod mule in the soft 

dirt which bordered the gravel. "That's Alice's foot," Dan 

said.  "I'd know it  anywhere." 

   Later Edmonds would realise that both the negroes had 

recognised the man's footprints too.  But at the time his 

very fury and concern had short-circuited his normal sen- 

sitivity to negro behavior. They would not have told him 

who made the tracks even if he had demanded to know, but 

 the realisation that they knew would have enabled him to 

make the correct divination and so save himself the four 


or five hours of mental turmoil and physical effort which 

he was about to enter. 

   They lost  the tracks.  He expected to  find  the marks 

where the mule had been loaded into a waiting truck; 

whereupon he would return home and telephone to the 

sheriff in Jefferson and to the Memphis police to watch 

the  horse-and-mule markets  tomorrow.  There were  no 

such marks. It took them almost an hour to find where 

the  tracks had disappeared onto the gravel,  crossing it, 

descending through the opposite roadside weeds,  to  re- 

appear in another field three hundred yards away. Supper- 

less,  raging, the mare which had been under saddle all 

day unfed too, he follow^ed the two shadowy mules, cursing 

Alice and the darkness and the single puny light on which 

theyVere forced to depend. 

   Two hours later they were in  the creek bottom four 

miles from the house. He was walking too now, lest he dash 

his brains  out against  a  limb,  stumbling and thrashing 

among briers and undergrowth and rotting logs and tree- 

tops,  leading the mare with one hand and fending his 

face with the other arm and trying to watch his feet,  so 

that he walked into one of the mules, instinctively leaping 

in the right direction as it  lashed viciously back at him 

with one hoof, before he discovered that the negroes had 

 stopped. Then, cursing aloud now and leaping quickly 

again to avoid the invisible second mule which would be 

 somewhere on that side, he realised that the flashlight was 

off now and he too saw the faint, smoky glare of a light- 

wood torch among the trees ahead. It was moving. ^'That's 

 right,'^  he said quickly.  ‘'Keep the light off.”  He called 

 Oscar s name. “Give the mules to Dan and come back here 

 and take the mare.” He waited, watching the light, until 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                            85 

the negro's hand fumbled at his. He relinquished the reins 

and moved around the mules, drawing the pistol and stih 

watching the moving light.  ‘‘Hand me the flashlight," h( 

said. “You and Oscar wait ht‘re." 

   “I better come with you," Dan said. 

   “All  right,"  Edmonds said,  watching the  light.       “Le» 

Oscar hold  the mules."  He went on without  waiting 

though he presently heard the negro close behind him 

both of them moving as raj idly as they dared. The rag( 

was not cold now. It was h(>t,  and there was an eagernes: 

upon him, a kind of vindicti\ e exultation as he plunged on 

heedless of underbrush or log, the flashlight in his left hanc 

and the pistol in his right, gaining rapidly on the torch. 

   “It s  the Old Injun s  mound," Dan murmured behind 

him. “That's how come that light looked so high up. Him 

and George Wilkins ought to be pretty nigh through it by 

now," 

   “Him and George Wilkins?" Edmonds said. He stopped 

dead in his tracks. He whirled. He was not only about to 

perceive the whole situation in its  complete and instanta- 

neous entirety, as when the photographer's bulb explodes, 

but he knew now that he had seen it all the while and had 

refused to believe it  purely and simply because he knew 

that when he did accept it,  his brain would burst.  “Lucas 

and George?" 

   “Digging down that mound," Dan said.  “They been at 

it every night since Uncle Lucas found that thousand-dollar 

gold piece in it last spring." 

   “And you knew about it?" 

   “We all knowed about it.  We been watching them. A 

thousand-dollar gold piece Uncle Lucas found that night 

                                   — 

when he was trying to hide his        " The voice died away. 


Edmonds couldn^t hear it any more, drowned by a rushing 

in his skull which, had he been a few years older, would 

have been apoplexy. He could neither breathe nor see for 

a moment. Then he whirled again. He said something in 

a hoarse strangled voice and sprang on, crashing at last 

from the undergrowth into  the glade where the  squat 

mound lifted the gaping yawn of its  gutted flank like a 

photographer's backdrop before which the  two arrested 

figures gaped at him—the one carrying before him what 

Edmonds might have taken  for  a  receptacle  containing 

feed except that he now knew neither of these had taken 

time to feed Alice or any other mule since darkness fell, 

the other holding the smoking pine^knot high above the 

ruined rake of the panama hat. 

   ^Tou, Lucas!" he shouted. George flung the torch away, 

but Edmonds' flashlight already held them spitted.  Then 

he saw the white man, the salesman, for the first time, snap- 

brim hat, necktie and all,  just rising from beside a tree, 

his trousers rolled to his knees and his feet invisible in 

caked mud. ^That's right," Edmonds said. ^Go on, George. 

Run. I believe I  can hit that hat without even touching 

you."  He approached,  the flashlight's  beam contracting 

onto the metal box which Lucas held, gleaming and glint- 

ing among the knobs and dials.        ‘'So that's  it,"  he said. 

“Three hundred dollars. I wish somebody would come into 

this country with a seed that had to be worked everyday 

from New Year's right on through Christmas. As soon as 

you niggers are laid-by, trouble starts. But never inind that. 

Because I aint going to worry about Alice tonight. And if 

you and George want to spend the rest of it walking around 

with that damn machine, that's your business.  But that 

mule is going to be in her stall in my stable at sunup. Do 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                          87 

you hear?” Now the salesman appeared suddenly at Lucas* 

elbow. Edmonds had forgotten about him. 

   'Whatmule is that?” he sa:d. Edmonds turned the light 

on him for a moment. 

   "My mule, sir,” he said. 

   "Is that so?” the other said.  "IVe got a bill  of sale for 

that mule. Signed by Lucas ht^re.** 

   "Have you now?” Edmoncis said.  "You can make pipe 

lighters out of it when you get home.” 

                                                          —** 

   "Is  that  so?  Look here.  Mister Whads-your-name 

But Edmonds had already turned the light back to Lucas, 

who still  held the divining machine before him as if  it 

were some object  symbolical  and sanctified  for  a  cere- 

mony, a ritual. 

   "On second thought,” Edmonds said,  "I aint going to 

worry about that mule at all. I told you this morning what 

I thought about this business. But you are a grown man; 

if  you want to fool with it,   I  cant stop you. By God, I 

dont even want to.  But if  that mule aint in her stall by 

sunup tomorrow, Em going to telephone the sheriff. Do you 

hear me?” 

   "I hear you,** Lucas said sullenly. Now the salesman 

spoke again. 

   "All right, big boy,** he said. "If that mule is moved from 

where she*s at until Em ready to load her up and move 

out of here, Em going to telephone the sheriff.  Do you 

hear that too?**  This time Edmonds jumped, flung,  the 

light beam at the salesman*s face. 

   "Were you talking to me, sir?** he said. 

   "No,** the salesman said.  "Em talking to him. And he 

heard me.** For a moment longer Edmonds held the beam 

on the other. Then he dropped it,  so that only their legs 


and feet showed, planted in the pool and its refraction as 

if  they stood in water.  He put the pistol back into his 

pocket. 

   ''Well, you and Lucas have got till       daylight to  settle 

that. Because that mule is going to be back in my stable 

at  sunup.''  He turned.  Lucas watched him go back to 

where Dan waited at the edge of the glade. Then the two 

of them went on, the light swinging and flicking on among 

the trees, the brush. Presently it vanished. 

   "George Wilkins," Lucas said. 

   "Sir," George said. 

   "Find the pine-knot and light it  again." George did so; 

once more the red glare streamed and stank away in thick 

smoke, upward against the August stars of more than mid- 

night. Lucas put the divining machine down and took the 

torch.  "Grab holt of that thing," he said.  "I got to find 

it now." 

   But when day broke they had not found it.  The torch 

paled in  the wan, dew-heavy light.  The salesman was 

asleep on the wet ground now, drawn into a ball against the 

dawn's wet chill, unshaven, the dashing city hat crumpled 

beneath his cheek, his necktie wrenched sideways in the 

collar of his soiled white shirt, his muddy trousers rolled 

to his knees, the brightly-polished shoes of yesterday now 

two shapeless lumps of caked mud. When they waked him 

at last he sat up cursing. But he knew at once where he 

was and why. "All right now," he said.  "If  that mule 

moves one foot from that cottonhouse where we left her. 

I'm going to get the sheriflF." 

   "I just want one more night," Lucas said.  "That money 

is here." 

   "Take one more," the salesman said.  "Take a hundred. 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                                89 

Spend the rest of your life here if you want to.  Just tell 

me first what about that fellow that claims he owns thx 

mule?** 

         tend to him/* Lucas said.              tend to  him thif 

morning. You dont need to worry about that.  Besides, i^ 

you try to move the mule yourself today, that sheriff wib 

take her away from you. Ye a just leave her where she i 

and stop worrying yourself and me too. Let me have jus' 

one more night with this thing and Til fix everything.** 

   *A11 right,** the salesman said. *'But do you know whar 

one more night is       going to  cost you? It*s  going to cost 

you exactly twenty-five dollars more. Now Lm going tc 

town and go to bed.** 

   They returned to the salesman*s car. He put the divin- 

ing machine back into the trunk of the car and locked it. 

He let  Lucas and George out at  Lucas* gate.  The car 

went on down the road, already going fast. George batted 

his eyes rapidly after it.     ^^Now whut we gonter do?** he 

said. 

   ''Eat your breakfast quick as you can and get back here,** 

Lucas said.  "You are going to town and back by noon.** 

   "I needs to go to bed too,** George said.  "Fm bad off to 

sleep too.** 

   "You can sleep tomorrow,** Lucas said.  "Maybe most of 

tonight.** 

   "I could have rid in and come back with him, if  you 

had just said so sooner,** George said. 

   "Hah,** Lucas said.  "But I  didn*t. You eat your break- 

fast quick as you can. Or if  you think maybe you cant 

catch a ride to town, maybe you better start now without 

waiting for breakfast. Because it  will be thirty-four miles 

to walk, and you are going to be back here by noon.** 


When George reached Lucas' gate ten minutes later, Lucas 

met him, the check already filled  out in his  laborious, 

cramped, though quite legible hand. It was for fifty dol- 

lars.  '‘Get it  in silver dollars," Lucas said.  "And be back 

here by noon." 

   It was just dusk when the salesman s car stopped again 

at Lucas' gate, where Lucas and George waited. George car- 

ried a pick and a long-handled shovel. The salesman was 

freshly shaven and his face looked rested; the snap-brim 

hat had been brushed and his shirt was clean. But he wore 

now a pair of cotton khaki pants still  bearing the manu- 

facturer's stitched label and still showing the creases where 

they had lain folded on the store's shelf when it  opened 

for business that morning. He gave Lucas a hard, jeering 

stare as Lucas and George approached. "I aint going to 

ask if my mule's all right," he said.  "Because I dont need 

to. Do I?" 

   "It's all right," Lucas said. He and George got into the 

back seat. The divining machine now sat on the front seat 

beside  the  salesman.  George  stopped  halfway  in  and 

blinked rapidly at it. 

   "I just happened to think how rich  I'd  be if  I  just 

knowed what hit knows," he said.  "All of us would be. 

We wouldn't need to be wasting no night after  night 

hunting buried money then, would we?" He addressed the 

salesman now, affable, deferential, chatty: "Then you and 

Mister Lucas neither wouldn't care who owned no mule, 

nor even if there was ere mule to own, would you?" 

   "Hush, and get in the car," Lucas said. The salesman put 

the car into gear, but it  did not move yet. He sat half- 

 turned, looking back at  Lucas. 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                           91 

             he said. **Where do you want to take your walk 

tonight? Same place?'' 

   ''Not there,"  Lucas said.    "I'll show you where.  M e 

were looking in the wrong place. I misread the paper." 

   "You bet,"  the  salesman said.     "It's  worth that  ext a 

                                           — 

twenty-five bucks to have k and that out      " He had staru d 

the car.  Now he stopped  t  so suddenly that Lucas ai d 

George, sitting gingerly on :he edge of the seat, were flui 

                                                               g 

forward against the back o?  the front one. "What did yc a 

say?" the salesman said.       >u did what to the paper?" 

   "I misread it,"  Lucas said. 

   "Misread what?" 

   "The paper." 

   "You mean you've got a letter or something that tells 

where it was buried?" 

   "That's right," Lucas said. "I misread it  yesterday." 

   "Where is  it?" 

   "It's put away in my house." 

   "Go get it." 

   "Never mind," Lucas said.  "We wont need it.        I read it 

right this time." For a moment longer the salesman looked 

at Lucas over his shoulder. Then he turned his head and 

put his hand to the gear lever, but the car was already 

in gear. 

   "All right," he said. "Where's the place?" 

   "Drive on," Lucas said. "I'll  show you." 

   It  took them almost two hours to  reach it,       the road 

not even a road but a gullied  overgrown path winding 

through hills, the place they sought not in the bottom but 

on a hill overlooking the creek—a clump of ragged cedars, 

the ruins of old cementless chimneys, a depression which 

was once a well or a cistern, the old wornout brier-  and 


sedge-choked fields  spreading away and a  few snaggled 

trees of what had been an orchard, shadowy and dim be- 

neath the moonless sky where the fierce stars of late sum- 

mer swam. “It’s in the orchard,” Lucas said. “It’s divided, 

buried in two separate places.  One of them’s in the or- 

chard.” 

   “Provided the fellow that wrote you the letter aint come 

back and joined them together again,” the salesman said. 

“What are we waiting on? Here, Jack,” he said to George, 

“grab that thing out of there.” George lifted the divining 

machine from the car. The salesman had a flashlight now, 

quite new, thrust into his hip pocket,  though he didn’t 

put it on at once. He looked around at the dark horizon of 

other hills, visible even in the darkness for miles. “By God, 

you \)etter find it first pop this time. There probably aint a 

man in ten miles that can walk that wont be up here inside 

of an hour, watching us.” 

   “Dont tell me that,” Lucas said. “Tell it  to this three- 

hundred-and-twenty-five-dollar talking box I done bought 

that dont seem to know how to say nothing but No.” 

   “You aint bought this box yet, big boy,” the salesman 

said.  ‘Tou say one of the places is  in them trees there. 

All right. Where?” 

   Lucas, canying the shovel,  entered the orchard.  The 

others followed. The salesman watched Lucas pause, squint- 

ing at the trees and sky to orient himself, moving on again. 

At last he. stopped.  ‘We can start here,”  he said.  The 

 salesman snapped on the flashlight, cupping the beam with 

his hand onto the box in George’s hands. 

   “All right. Jack,” he said. "Get going.” 

   “I better tote it,” Lucas said. 

             THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH 

                                                                      93 

           the salesman said.  ''You re too old.  I dont know 

yet that you can even keep up with us.^* 

   "I did last night/' Lucas said. 

   "This aint  last  night/'  the  salesman  said.           "Get o: i, 

Jack!" he said  sharply.  They moved on,  George in tl e 

middle,  carrying the machine, while all              three  of  the a 

watched the  small cryptic  dials  in  the  flashlight's  con- 

tracted beam as  they worked back and forth across  the 

orchard in parallel traverse        all  three watching when tl e 

                                  , 

needles jerked into life  and gyrated and spun for a m >- 

ment, then stopped, quiver.ng. Then Lucas held the bex 

and watched George spading into the light's concentrated 

pool and saw the rusted can come up at last and the bright 

cascade of silver dollars glint and rush about the salesman's 

hands and heard the salesman's voice: "Well, by God. Well, 

by God." Lucas squatted also. He and the salesman squatted 

opposite one another across the pit. 

    "Well, I  done found this much of it,           anyhow," Lucas 

said.  The salesman, one hand spread upon the scattered 

coins, made a slashing blow with the other as if Lucas had 

reached for the money. Squatting, he laughed harshly and 

steadily at Lucas. 

    *You found? This machine dont belong to  you,  old 

man. 

    "I bought it from you," Lucas said. 

    "With what?" 

    "A mule," Lucas said. The other laughed at him across 

the pit,  harsh and steady. "I give you a billy sale for it," 

 Lucas said. 

    "Which never was worth a damn," the salesman said. 

 "It's in my car yonder. Go and get it whenever you want 

to. It was so worthless I never even bothered to tear it up." 


He scrabbled the coins back into the can. The flashlight 

lay on the ground where he had dropped it,  flung it,  still 

burning. He rose quickly out of the light until only his 

lower legs showed, in the new creased cotton trousers, the 

low black shoes which had not been polished again but 

merely washed. ''All right,'' he said. "This aint hardly any 

of it. You said it was divided, buried in two separate places. 

Where's the other one?" 

   "Ask your finding machine," Lucas said.  "Aint it  sup- 

posed to know? Aint that why you want three hundred 

dollars for it?" They faced one another in the darkness, two 

shadows, faceless. Lucas moved. "Then I reckon we can go 

home," he said.  "George Wilkins." 

   "Sir," George said. 

   "Wait," the salesman said.  Lucas paused. They faced 

one another again, invisible. "There wasn't over a hundred 

here," the salesman said. "Most of it  is in the other place. 

I'll give you ten percent." 

   "It was my letter," Lucas said.  "That aint enough." 

   "Twenty," the salesman said. "And that's all." 

   "I want half,"  Lucas said. 

    "Half?" 

    "And that mule paper back, and another paper saying 

that that machine is mine." 

   "Ha ha," the salesman said.  "And ha ha ha. You say 

that letter said in the orchard. The orchard aint very big. 

                                                                " 

And most of the night left, not to mention tomor 

    "I said it said some of it was in the orchard," Lucas said. 

 They faced one another in the darkness. 

    "Tomorrow," the salesman said. 

    "Now," Lucas said. 

   "Tomorrow." 

             THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                                  95 

   '"Now,” Lucas said. The invisible face stared at his own 

invisible  face.  Both he and George seemed to  feel  thi 

windless summer air moving to the white man^s trembling 

   "Jack,” the salesman said,  ''how much did you say then 

other fellows found?'' But l.ucas answered before Georg * 

could speak. 

   "Twenty-two thousand dollars." 

                                                                       ' 

   "Hit mought er been moie than twenty-two thousand; 

                                         " 

George said. "Hit was a big 

   "All right," the salesman said.  "I'll  give you a bill  cf 

sale for it  as soon as we I nish." 

   "I want it  now," Lucas said. They returned to the cai. 

Lucas held the flashlight. 1 hey watched the salesman rip 

open his patent brief case and jerk out of it  and fling to- 

ward Lucas the bill of sale for the mule. Then they watched 

his jerking hand fill       in  the long printed  form with its 

carbon duplicates  and sign  it         and rip  out  one of  the 

duplicates. 

   "You get possession  tomorrow morning," he said.                  "It 

belongs to me until  then."  He sprang out of  the car. 

 "Come on." 

    "And half it finds is mine," Lucas said. 

    "How in hell is it going to be any half or any nothing, 

with you standing there running your mouth?" the sales- 

man said. "Come on." But Lucas didn't move. 

    "What about them fifty dollars we done already found 

then?" he said.  "Dont I get half of them?" This time the 

salesman merely stood laughing at him, harsh and steady 

and without mirth. Then he was gone. He hadn't even 

closed the brief case. He snatched the machine from George 

and the flashlight  from Lucas and ran back toward the 


orchard, the light jerking and leaping as he ran.  ‘^George 

Wilkins,^' Lucas said. 

   ''Sir,'' George said. 

   "Take that mule back where you got it.           Then go tell 

Roth Edmonds he can quit worrying folks about it." 

                                3- 

   He mounted the gnawed steps beside which the bright 

mare stood under the wide saddle, and entered the long 

room with its  ranked shelves of  tinned food,  the hooks 

from which hung collars and traces and hames and plow- 

lines, its smell of molasses and cheese and leather and kero- 

sene. Edmonds swivelled the chair around from the desk. 

"Where've you been?" he said.  "I sent word to you two 

days ago I wanted to see you. Why didn't you come?" 

   "I was in bed, I reckon," Lucas said. "I been up all night 

long for the last three nights, I cant stand it any more like 

when I was a young man. You wont neither when you 

are my age." 

   "And I've got better sense at half your age than to try 

it.  And maybe when you get twice mine, you'll have too. 

But that's  not  what I     wanted.  I  want to  know about 

that damn Saint Louis drummer. Dan says he's still here. 

What's he doing?" 

   "Hunting buried money," Lucas said. 

   For a moment Edmonds didn't  speak.  Then he said, 

 ‘What? Hunting what? What did you say?" 

   "Hunting buried money," Lucas said.  He let  himself 

go easily back against the edge of the counter. He took 

from his vest pocket a small tin of snuff and uncapped it 

and filled  the cap carefully and exactly with snuff and 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                             97 

drew his lower lip outward between thumb and finger and 

tilted the snuff into it and capped the tin and put it back i i 

his vest pocket.  ''Using my finding box. He rents it  frori 

me by the night. That's why IVe been having to stay up a I 

night, to see I  got the box back. But last night he nev( r 

turned up, so I  got a good night's sleep for a change. S > 

I  reckon he's done gone b ick wherever it  was he coir j 

from." 

   Edmonds sat  in the swi\el chair and stared at Luca . 

"Rents it  from you? The same machine you stole my—thi t 

                                 " 

    — 

you    the same machine 

   "For twenty-five dollars  a night,"  Lucas said.  "Thats 

what he charged me to use it one night. So I reckon that s 

the regular rent on them.  He sells  them; he ought to 

know. Leastways, that's  what I       charges."  Edmonds put 

his hands on the chair arms, but he didn't move yet.  He 

sat perfectly still, leaning forward a little,   staring at  the 

negro leaning against the counter, in whom only the slight 

shrinkage of the jaws revealed the old man, in threadbare 

mohair trousers such as Grover Cleveland or President Taft 

might have worn in the summertime, a white stiff-bosomed 

collarless shirt beneath a pique vest yellow with age and 

looped across by a heavy gold watchchain, and the sixty- 

dollar handmade beaver hat which Edmonds' grandfather 

had given him fifty years ago above the face which was 

 not sober and not grave but wore no expression at all.  "Be- 

 cause he was looking in the wrong place," he said.  "He 

was hunting up there on that hill.  That money is buried 

 down yonder by the creek somewhere. Them two white 

men that slipped in here that night four years ago and 

                                                      — 

 got clean away with twenty-two thousand dollars         " Now 

 Edmonds got himself out of the chair and onto his feet. 


He drew a long deep breath and began to walk steadily to- 

ward Lucas. “And now we done got shut of him, me and 

                — 

George Wilkins     ”  Walking steadily  toward him,  Ed- 

monds expelled his breath. He had believed it would be 

a shout but it was not much more than a whisper. 

   “Get out of here,” he said. “Go home. And dont come 

hack. Dont ever come hack. When you need supplies, send 

Aunt Molly after them.” 

                  Chapter Three 

W^EN Edmonds glanccil up from the ledger and sa^v 

the old woman coming up the road, he did not recogniiC 

her.  He returned to the ledger and it  was not until he 

heard her toiling up the steps and saw her enter the com- 

missary itself, that he knew who it was. Because for some- 

thing like four or five years now he had never seen her 

outside her own gate. He would pass the house on his mare 

while riding his crops and see her sitting on the gallery, 

her shrunken face collapsed about the reed stem of a clay 

pipe, or moving about the washing-pot and clothes-line in 

the back yard, moving slowly and painfully, as the very old 

move, appearing to be much older even to Edmonds, when 

he thought about it  at all,  than Edmonds certainly knew 

her to be. And regularly once a month he would get down 

and tie the mare to the fence and enter the house with a 

tin of tobacco and a small sack of the soft cheap candy 

which she loved, and visit with her for a half hour. He 

called it  a libation  to his luck, as  the centurion spilled 

first a little of the wine he drank, though actually it was to 

his ancestors and to the conscience which he would have 

probably affirmed he did not possess, in the form, the per- 

son, of the negro woman who had been the only mother 

                               99 


he ever knew, who had not only delivered him on that 

night of rain and flood when her husband had very nearly 

lost his life fetching the doctor who arrived too late, but 

moved into the very house, bringing her own child,  the 

white child and the black one sleeping in the same room 

with her so  she could suckle  them both until  he was 

weaned, and never out of the house very long at a time 

until he went off to school at twelve—a small woman, al- 

most tiny, who in  the succeeding forty years seemed to 

have grown even smaller, in the same clean white headcloth 

and aprons which he first remembered, whom he knew to 

be actually  younger than Lucas but who looked much 

older, incredibly old, who during the last  few years had 

begun to call him by his father s  name, or even by the 

title which the older negroes referred to his grandfather. 

   ^'Good Lord,^' he said.  ^What are you doing away over 

here? Why didn^t you send Lucas? He ought to know bet- 

                           ” 

ter than to let you 

   ^*He s in bed asleep now,^^ she said.  She was panting a 

little from the walk. '‘That's how I had a chance to come. 

I dont want nothing. I come to talk to you." She turned a 

little  toward the window. Then he saw the myriad-wrin- 

kled face. 

   “Why, what is  it?" he said.  He rose from the swivel 

chair and drew the other one, a straight chair with wire- 

braced legs, out from behind the desk. “Here," he said. 

But she only looked from him to the chair with the same 

blind look until he took her by the arm which, beneath 

the two or three layers of clothing beneath the faded, per- 

fectly clean dress, felt no larger than the reed stem of the 

pipe she smoked. He led her to the chair and lowered her 

 into it, the voluminous layer on layer of her skirts  and 

             THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                                 lOI 

underskirts spreading.  Immediately she bowed her head 

and turned it aside and raised one gnarled hand, like a tir 

                                                                        y 

clump of dried and blackened roots, before her eyes. 

   ^The light hurts them,^' she said. He helped her up ar d 

turned the chair until its  back was toward the window. 

This time she found it herself and sat down. Edmonds le- 

tumed to the swivel chair. 

   *'A11 right,*’ he said.  'Wliat is it?” 

       want to leave Lucas,*  she said.           want one of the n 

.  . . one of them .      . .” Edmonds sat perfectly motionles, 

staring at the face which r.ow he could not distinctly see. 

    ''You what?** he said.  "A divorce? After forty-five years, 

at your age? What will you do? How will you get along 

                              ** 

without somebody 

                                  *^ 

   "I can work. I will 

    "Damn that,” Edmonds said. "You know I didn*t mean 

that. Even if father hadn’t fixed it  in his will to take care 

of you for the rest of your life.  I mean what will you do? 

Leave the house that belongs to you and Lucas and go 

live with Nat and George?” 

    "That will be just as bad,” she said.  "I got to go clean 

away. Because he’s crazy. Ever since he got that machine, 

he’s done went crazy. Him and—and .                .  .” Even though 

he had just spoken it,  he realised that she couldn’t even 

think of George’s name. She spoke again, immobile, look- 

ing at nothing as far as he could tell,  her hands like two 

cramped ink-splashes on the lap of the immaculate apron: 

" 

 —stays out all night long every night with it, hunting that 

buried money. He dont even take care of his own stock 

right no more. I feeds the mare and the hogs and milks, tries 

to. But that’s all right. I  can do that.  I’m glad to do that 

when he is sick in the body. But he’s sick in the mind now. 


Bad sick. He dont even get up to go to church on Sunday 

no more. He'd bad sick, marster. He's doing a thing the 

Lord aint meant for folks to do. And I'm afraid." 

   ‘‘Afraid of what?" Edmonds said. “Lucas is  strong as a 

horse. He's a better man than I  am, right now. He's all 

laid-by now, with nothing to do until his crop makes. It 

wont hurt him to stay up all night walking up and down 

that creek with George for a while. He'll have to quit next 

month to pick his cotton." 

   “It aint that I'm afraid of." 

   “Then what?" he said. “What is it?" 

   “I'm afraid he's going to find it." 

   Again Edmonds sat in his chair, looking at her. “Afraid 

he's going to find it?" Still she looked at nothing that he 

could see, motionless, tiny, like a doll,  an ornament. 

   “Because God say,  ‘What's rendered to My earth,  it 

belong to Me unto I resurrect it. And let him or her touch 

it,  and beware.' And I'm afraid. I got to go. I got to be 

free of him." 

   “There aint any buried money in this  country," Ed- 

monds said. “Hasn't he been poking around in the bottom 

ever since last spring, hunting for it? And that machine 

aint going to find it either. I tried my best to keep him from 

buying it.  I did everything I knew except have that damn 

agent arrested for trespass. I wish now I had done that. 

If I had just forseen— But that wouldn't have done any 

good. Lucas would just have met him down the road some- 

where and bought it.  But he aint going to find any more 

buried money with it than he found walking up and down 

the creek, making George Wilkins dig where he thought 

it  ought to be. Even he'll believe that soon. He'll quit. 

Then he'll be all right." 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                         103 

   *'No,” she said.  'Tucas is an old man. He dont look it, 

but he^s sixty-seven years old. And when a man that old 

takes up money-hunting, ir s like when he takes up gam- 

bling or whisky or women He aint going to have time zo 

quit. And then he s gonter be lost, lost.  . .    She ceased. 

She did not move on the hard chair, not even the dept h- 

less  splotches of her knotted hands against  the  aproi ^s 

blanched spread. Damn, d imn, damn, Edmonds thougl t. 

      could tell you how to cure him in two days,” he sa: l. 

 ‘df you were twenty years younger. But you couldn’t do 

it  now.” 

   'Tell me. I can do it.” 

   "No,” he said. "You arc too old now.” 

   "Tell me. I can do it.” 

   "Wait till  he comes in with that thing tomorrow morn- 

ing, then take it  yourself and go down to the creek and 

hunt buried money. Do it  the next morning, and the one 

after that. Let him find out that’s what you are doing 

using his machine while he is  asleep, all  the time he is 

asleep and cant watch it,  cant hunt himself. Let him come 

in and find there’s no breakfast ready for him, wake up and 

find there’s no supper ready because you’re still down in the 

creek bottom, hunting buried money with his machine. 

That’ll cure him. But you’re too old. You couldn’t stand 

it. You go back home and when Lucas wakes up, you and 

he— No, that’s too far for you to walk twice in one day. 

Tell him I said to wait there for me. I’ll  come after supper 

and talk to him.” 

   "Talking wont change him. I couldn’t. And you cant. 

All I can do is to go clean away from him.” 

   "Maybe it cant,” Edmonds said.  "But I can damn sure 


try it.  And he will damn sure listen.  Til be there after 

supper. You tell him to wait.*' 

   She rose then. He watched her toil back down the road 

toward home, tiny,  almost like  a  doll.    It  was not just 

concern, and, if  he had told himself the truth, not con- 

cern for her at all.   He was raging—an abrupt boiling- 

over of an accumulation of floutings and outrages covering 

not only his span but his father s  lifetime too, back into 

the time of his grandfather McCaslin Edmonds. Lucas was 

not only the oldest person living on the place, older even 

than Edmonds^ father would have been, there was that 

quarter strain not only of white blood and not even Ed- 

monds blood, but of old Carothers McCaslin himself, from 

whom Lucas was descended not only by a male line but in 

only two generations, while Edmonds was descended by a 

female line and five generations back; even as a child the 

boy remarked how Lucas always referred to his father as 

Mr Edmonds, never as Mister Zack, as the other negroes 

did, and how with a cold and deliberate calculation he 

evaded having to address the white man by any name what- 

ever when speaking to him. 

   Yet it was not that Lucas made capital of his white or 

even his McCaslin blood, but the contrary. It was as if 

he were not only impervious to that blood, he was indif- 

ferent to it. He didn^t even need to strive with it.  He didn^t 

even have to bother to defy it.     He resisted it  simply by 

being the composite of the two races which made him, sim- 

ply by possessing it.   Instead of being at once the battle- 

ground and victim of the two strains, he was a vessel, dur- 

able, ancestryless, nonconductive, in which the toxin and 

its  anti stalemated one another, seetheless, unrumored in 

the outside air. There had been three of them once: James, 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                          105 

then a sister named Fonsiba, then Lucas, children of Auit 

Tomey's Turl, old Carothers McCaslin's son, and Tennie 

Beauchamp, whom Edmonds' great-uncle Amodeus Me- 

Caslin won from a neigh!K)r  in a poker game in  185). 

Fonsiba married and went to Arkansas to live and nev jr 

returned, though Lucas continued to hear from her un il 

her death. But James, the eldest, ran away before he Ibe- 

came of age and didn't stoj' until he had crossed the Ok 10 

River and they never hean 1    from or of him again at all — 

that is,  that his white kindred ever knew. It was as thou^ Ji 

he had not only (as his sister was later to do) put runnii ig 

water between himself and the land of his grandmothe -'s 

betrayal and his father's nameless birth, but he had inter- 

posed latitude and geography too,  shaking from his  feet 

forever the very dust of the land where his white ancestor 

could acknowledge or repudiate him from one day to an- 

other, according to his whim, but where he dared not even 

repudiate the white ancestor save when it  met the white 

man's humor of the moment. 

   But Lucas remained. He didn't have to stay.  Of the 

three children, he not only had no material shackles (nor, 

as Carothers Edmonds began to comprehend later, moral 

ones either)  holding  him to  the  place,  he alone  was 

equipped beforehand with financial independence to have 

departed forever at any time after his twenty-first birthday. 

It was known father to son to son among the Edmonds 

until it  came to Carothers in his turn, how when in the 

early fifties old Carothers McCaslin's twin sons, Amodeus 

and Theophilus, first put into operation their scheme for 

the manumission of their father s  slaves, there was made 

an especial provision    (hence a formal acknowledgment, 

even though only by inference and only from his white 


half-brothers) for their father s negro son. It was a sum 

of money, with the accumulated interest,  to become the 

negro son s on his verbal demand but which Tomey^s Turl, 

who elected to remain even after his constitutional liber- 

ation, never availed himself of. And he died, and old Caro- 

thers McCaslin was dead more than fifty years then, and 

Amodeus and Theophilus were dead too,  at seventy and 

better, in the same year as they had been bom in the same 

year, and McCaslin Edmonds now had the land, the plan- 

tation, in fee and title both, relinquished to him by Isaac 

McCaslin, Theophilus^ son,  for what reason, what con- 

sideration other than the pension which McCaslin and his 

son Zachary and his son Carothers still paid to Isaac in his 

little jerry-built bungalow in Jefferson, no man certainly 

knew. But relinquished it     certainly was,  somehow and 

somewhere back in that dark time in Mississippi when a 

man had to be hard and ruthless to get a patrimony to leave 

behind himself and strong and hard to keep it  until he 

could bequeath it;—relinquished, repudiated even, by its 

tme heir (Isaac, ^Uncle Ike', childless, a widower now, liv- 

ing in his dead wife's house the title to which he likewise 

declined to assume, bom into his father's old age and him- 

self born old and became steadily younger and younger 

until, past seventy himself and at least that many years 

nearer eighty than he ever admitted any more, he had 

acquired something of a young boy's high and selfless inno- 

cence) who had retained of the patrimony, and by his own 

request, only the tmsteeship of the legacy which his negro 

uncle still  could not quite seem to  comprehend was his 

for the asking. 

   He never asked for it.    He died.  Then his  first   son, 

James, fled,  quitted the cabin he had been bom in,  the 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                        107 

plantation, Mississippi itself,  by night and with nothing 

save the clothes he walked in. When Isaac McCaslin hea/d 

about it in town he drew a third of the money, the legac y, 

with its  accumulated interest,  in cash and departed al iO 

and was gone a week and re turned and put the money ba k 

into the bank. Then the daughter, Fonsiba, married ai d 

moved to Arkansas. This time Isaac went with them ai d 

transferred a third of the legacy to a local Arkansas baj k 

and arranged for Fonsiba to draw three dollars of it  ea< h 

week, no more and no less, and returned home. Then 01 le 

morning Isaac was at home, looking at a newspaper, n>t 

reading it,  looking at it, when he realised what it was and 

why. It was the date. It s somehodys birthday, he thought. 

He said aloud, ‘Its Lucases. He^s twenty-one today,” as his 

wife entered. She was a young woman then; they had been 

married only a few years but he had already come to know 

the expression which her face wore, looking at it  always 

as he did now: peacefully and with pity for her and regret 

too,  for her, for both of them, knowing the tense bitter 

indomitable voice as well as he did the expression: 

   “Lucas Beauchamp is  in the kitchen. He wants to see 

you. Maybe your cousin has sent you word he has decided 

to stop even that fifty dollars a month he swapped you for 

your father s farm.” But it was all  right. It didn't matter. 

He could ask her forgiveness as loudly thus as if he had 

shouted, express his pity and grief; husband and wife did 

not need to speak words to one another, not just from the 

old habit of living together but because in that one long- 

ago instant at least out of the long and shabby stretch of 

their human lives, even though they knew at the time it 

wouldn't and couldn't last, they had touched and become 

as God when they voluntarily and in advance forgave one 


another for all that each knew the other could never be. 

Then Lucas was in the room, standing just inside the door, 

                         against his leg     the       the color 

his hat in one hand                      —  face                   of 

a used saddle, the features Syriac, not in a racial  sense 

but as the heir to ten centuries of desert horsemen. It was 

not at all the face of their grandfather, Carothers McCas- 

lin. It was the face of the generation which had just pre- 

ceded them: the composite tintype face of ten thousand 

undefeated Confederate soldiers  almost indistinguishably 

caricatured, composed, cold, colder than his, more ruthless 

than his, with more bottom than he had. 

   ''Many happy returns!'* Isaac said. "I godfrey, I was just 

             " 

about 

   "Yes," Lucas said.  "The rest of that money. I wants it." 

   "looney?" Isaac said. "Money?" 

   "That Old Marster left for pappy. If it's  still  oum. If 

you're going to give it to us." 

   "It's not mine to give or withhold either.  It  was your 

father's. All any of you had to do was to ask for it.  I tried 

                              " 

to find Jim after he 

   "I'm asking now," Lucas said. 

   "All of it? Half of it is Jim's." 

   "I can keep it for him same as you been doing." 

   "Yes," Isaac said.  "You're going too," he said.  "You're 

leaving too." 

   "I aint decided yet," Lucas said.  "I might.  I'm a man 

now. I can do what I want. I want to know I can go when 

I decide to." 

   "You could have done that at any time. Even if grandpa 

hadn't left money for Tomey's Turk All you, any of you, 

would have had to do would be to come to me. .              . ." His 

voice died. He thought. Fifty dollars a month. He knows 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                           109 

that's all.  That I reneged, cried calf-rope, sold my birth- 

right, betrayed my blood, for what he too calls not peace 

but obliteration, and a little  food,  'It's  in the bank/'  \\e 

said. "We'll go and get it.' 

   Only Zachary Edmonds and, in his time, his son Ca o- 

thers knew that part of it.  But what followed most of t ie 

town of Jefferson knew, so that the anecdote not only to* >k 

   place in the              i 

its               Edmonds  imily annals, but in the mir k 

annals of the town too:—how the white and the neg ro 

cousins went side by side to the bank that morning and 

Lucas said, "Wait. It's a heap of money." 

   "It's too much," the white man said. "Too much to keiip 

hidden under a break in a hearth. Let me keep it  for you. 

Let me keep it." 

   "Wait," Lucas said.  "Will the bank keep it  for a black 

man same as for a white?" 

   "Yes," the white man said. "I will ask them to." 

   "How can I get it  back?" Lucas said.  The white man 

explained about the check. "All right," Lucas said. They 

stood side by side at the window while the white man had 

the account transferred and the new pass-book filled out; 

again Lucas said "Wait" and then they stood side by side 

at the ink-splashed wooden shelf while Lucas wrote out 

the check, writing it  steadily under the white man's direc- 

tion in the cramped though quite legible hand which the 

white man's mother had taught him and his brother and 

 sister too. Then they stood again at the grille while the 

 teller cashed the check and Lucas, still blocking the single 

 window, counted the money tediously  and deliberately 

 through twice and pushed it back to the teller beyond the 

grille. "Now you can put it back," he said. "And gimme my 

paper." 


   But he didn^t leave. Within the year he married, not a 

country woman, a farm woman, but a town woman, and 

McCaslin Edmonds built a house for them and allotted 

Lucas a specific acreage to be farmed as he saw fit as long 

as he lived or remained on the place.  Then McCaslin 

Edmonds died and his son married and on that spring night 

of flood and isolation the boy Carothers was bom. Still in 

infancy, he had already accepted the black man as  an 

adjunct to the woman who was the only mother he would 

remember, as simply as he accepted his black foster-brother, 

as simply as he accepted his father as an adjunct to his 

existence.  Even before he was out of  infancy,  the two 

houses had become interchangeable: himself and his foster- 

brother sleeping on the same pallet  in  the white man^s 

house or in the same bed in the negroes and eating of the 

same food at the same table in either, actually preferring 

the negro house, the hearth on which even in summer a 

little fire always burned, centering the life in it,  to his own. 

It did not even need to come to him as a part of his fam- 

ily's chronicle that his white father and his foster-brother s 

black one had done the same; it never even occurred to him 

that they in their turn and simultaneously had not had the 

first of remembering projected upon a single woman whose 

skin was likewise dark. One day he knew, without won- 

dering or remembering when or how he had learned that 

either, that the black woman was not his mother, and did 

not regret it;  he knew that his own mother was dead and 

did not grieve. There was still the black woman, constant, 

steadfast, and the black man of whom he saw as much and 

even more than of his own father, and the negro s house, 

the strong warm negro smell, the night-time hearth and the 

fire even in summer on it,  which he still preferred to his 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                          in 

own. And besides, he was no longer an infant. He and his 

foster-brother rode the plantation horses and mules, they 

had a pack of small hounds to hunt with and promise of 

a gun in another year or s(»;  they were sufficient, comple x, 

wanting, as all children do, not to be understood, leapi ig 

in mutual embattlement ]>t(ore any threat to privacy, I ut 

only to love, to question i\nd examine unchallenged, a id 

to be let alone. 

   Then one day the old  curse of his  fathers,  the  (       Id 

haughty ancestral pride based not on any value but  m 

an accident of geography, stemmed not from courage a id 

honor but from wrong and shame, descended to him. I le 

did not recognise it then. He and his foster-brother, Hemy, 

were seven years old. They had finished supper at Henry's 

house and Molly was just sending them to bed in the room 

across the hall where they slept when there, when sud- 

denly he said, ^Tm going home." 

   ‘Tes stay here," Henry said. T thought we was going to 

get up when pappy did and go hunting." 

   *Tou can," he said. He was already moving toward the 

door. ‘Tmgoing home." 

   ‘All right," Henry said, following him. And he remem- 

bered how they walked that half mile to his house in the 

first  summer dark, himself walking just fast enough that 

the negro boy never quite came up beside him, entering the 

house in single file  and up the stairs and into the room 

with the bed and the pallet on the floor which they slept 

on when they passed the night here, and how he undressed 

just slow enough for Henry to beat him to the pallet and 

lie down. Then he went to the bed and lay down on it, 

rigid, staring up at the dark ceiling even after he heard 

Henry raise onto one elbow, looking toward the bed with 


slow and equable astonishment. ‘‘Are you going to sleep up 

there?*' Henry said. “Well, all right. This here pallet sleeps 

all right to me, but I reckon I just as lief to if you wants to," 

and rose and approached the bed and stood over the white 

boy, waiting for him to move over and make room until the 

boy said, harsh and violent though not loud: 

   “No!" 

   Henry didn't move. “You mean you dont want me to 

sleep in the bed?" Nor did the boy move. He didn't an- 

swer, rigid on his back, staring upward. “All right," Henry 

said quietly and went back to the pallet  and lay down 

again. The boy heard him, listened to him; he couldn't 

help it,  lying clenched and rigid and open-eyed, hearing 

the slow equable voice:  “I reckon on a hot night like to- 

                                         " 

night we will sleep cooler if we 

   “Shut up!" the boy said. “How'm I or you neither going 

to sleep if you keep on talking?" Henry hushed then. But 

the boy didn't sleep,  long after  Henry's quiet  and un- 

troubled breathing had begun, lying in a rigid fury of the 

grief he could not explain, the shame he would not admit. 

Then he slept and it  seemed to him he was still  awake, 

waked and did not know he had slept until he saw in the 

gray of dawn the empty pallet on the floor. They did not 

hunt that morning. They never slept in the same room 

 again and never again ate at the same table because he 

 admitted to himself it was shame now and he did not go 

 to Henry's house and for a month he only saw Henry at 

a distance, with Lucas in  the field,  walking beside his 

 father and holding the reins  of  the  team while Lucas 

plowed. Then one day he knew it was grief and was ready 

 to admit it was shame also, wanted to admit it only it was 

 too late  then,  forever and forever too late.  He went to 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                           113 

Molly s house. It was already late afternoon; Henry and 

Lucas would be coming up from the field at any time nou, 

Molly was there, looking at  him from the kitchen door is 

he crossed the yard. There was nothing in her face; he sa d 

it  the best he could for tliat  moment, because later 1  e 

would be able to say it all j ight, say it once and forever  o 

that it would be gone forevi^r, facing her before he enten d 

her house yet,  stopping, hiS feet slightly apart, tremblii 

                                                                g 

a little, lordly, peremptory:  *Tm going to eat supper wi h 

you all tonight.'^ 

   It was all right. There was nothing in her face. He cou d 

say it almost any time now, when the time came. ^'Course 

you is,’^  she said. ^1^11 cook you a chicken. 

   Then it was as if it  had never happened at all.  Henry 

came almost at once; he must have seen him from the field, 

and he and Henry killed and dressed the chicken. Then 

Lucas came and he went to the bam with Henry and 

Lucas while Henry milked. Then they were busy in the 

yard in the dusk, smelling the cooking chicken, until Molly 

called Henry and then a little later himself, the voice as it 

had always been, peaceful and steadfast:        ‘'Come and eat 

your supper.^' 

   But it  was too late.  The table was set in the kitchen 

where it always was and Molly stood at the stove drawing 

the biscuit  out as  she always stood, but Lucas was not 

there and there was just one chair, one plate, his glass of 

milk beside it,  the platter heaped with untouched chicken, 

and even as he sprang back, gasping, for an instant blind 

as the room mshed and swam, Henry was turning toward 

the door to go out of it. 

   “Are you ashamed to eat when I eat?” he cried. 

   Henry paused, turning his head a little to speak in the 


voice slow and without heat:          aint shamed of nobody,” 

he said peacefully. ^'Not even me.” 

   So he entered his heritage.  He ate its  bitter fruit.  He 

listened as Lucas referred to his father as Mr Edmonds, 

never as Mister Zack; he watched him avoid having to 

address the white man directly by any name at all with a 

calculation so coldly and constantly alert,  a finesse so de- 

liberate and unflagging, that for a time he could not tell 

if even his father knew that the negro was refusing to call 

him mister. At last he spoke to his father about it.         The 

other listened gravely, with something in his face which 

the boy could not read and which at the moment he paid 

little attention to since he was still young then, still a child; 

he had not yet divined that there was something between 

his father and Lucas, something more than difference in 

race could account for since it did not exist between Lucas 

and any other white man, something more than the white 

blood, even the McCaslin blood, could account for since 

it was not there between his uncle Isaac McCaslin and 

Lucas. *Tou think that because Lucas is  older than I am, 

old enough even to  remember Uncle Buck and Uncle 

Buddy a little, and is a descendant of the people who lived 

on this place where we Edmonds are usurpers, yesterday's 

mushrooms, is not reason enough for him not to want to 

say mister to me?” his father said.  'TVe grew up together, 

we ate and slept together and hunted and fished together, 

like you and Henry. We did it until we were grown men. 

Except that I always beat him shooting except one time. 

And as it  turned out, I  even beat him then. You think 

that's not reason enough?” 

    ‘Were not usurpers,” the boy said, cried almost. “Our 

grandmother McCaslin was as much kin to old Carothers 

             THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                                  115 

as Uncle Buck and Buddy. Uncle Isaac himself gave 

Uncle Isaac  himself  says .         .     He ceased.  His fathor 

watched him.  ''No,  sir,”         he said  harshly.      "That’s  n »t 

enough.” 

    "Ah,” his father said.  Then the boy could read whit 

was in his face. He had set n it before, as all children hi*d 

—that moment when, env< doped and surrounded still  ]y 

the warmth and confidence            he discovers that the reser e 

                                   , 

which he had thought tc»            have passed  had merely 

treated and set up a new harrier, still  impregnable;—thit 

instant when the child realises with both grief and outraj,e 

that the parent antedates it, has experienced things, shamtis 

and triumphs both, in which it can have no part.  'Til make 

a trade with you. You let me and Lucas settle how he is to 

treat me, and I’ll let you and him settle how he is to treat 

     yf 

you. 

   Then, in adolescence, he knew what he had seen in his 

father’s face that morning, what shadow, what stain, what 

mark—something which had happened between Lucas and 

his father, which nobody but they knew and would ever 

know if the telling depended on them—something which 

had happened because they were themselves, men, not 

stemming from any difference of race nor because one blood 

strain ran in them both. Then, in his late teens, almost a 

man, he even knew what it had been. It was a woman, he 

thought. My father and a nigger, over a woman. My father 

and a nigger man over a nigger woman, because he simply 

declined even to realise that he had even refused to think 

a white woman. He didn’t even think Molly’s name. That 

didn’t matter. And hy God Lucas heat him, he thought. 

Edmonds, he thought, harshly and viciously.  Edmonds. 

Even a nigger McCaslin is a better man, better than all of 


us. Old Carothers got his nigger hastards right in his hack 

yard and I would like to have seen the husband or anybody 

                        — 

else that said him nay,    Yes, Lucas beat him, else Lucas 

wouldn't be here. If father had beat Lucas, he couldn't have 

let  Lucas stay here even to forgive him. It will only be 

Lucas who could have stayed because Lucas is  impervious 

to anybody, even to forgiving them, even to having to harm 

them. 

   Impervious to time too. Zachary Edmonds died, and in 

his turn he inherited the plantation the true heir to which, 

by male descent and certainly morally and, if  the truth 

were known, probably legally too, was still alive, living on 

the doled pittance which his great-nephew now in his turn 

sent him each month. For twenty years now he had run 

it,  triSd to even with the changed times, as his father and 

grandfather and great-grandfather had done before him. 

Yet when he looked back over those twenty years,  they 

seemed to him one long and unbroken course of outrageous 

trouble and conflict, not with the land or weather (or even 

lately, with the federal government) but with the old negro 

who in his case did not even bother to remember not to 

call him mister, who called him Mr Edmonds and Mister 

Carothers or Carothers or Roth or son or spoke to him in 

a group of younger negroes, lumping them all  together, 

as  ‘you boys.” There were the years during which Lucas 

had continued to farm his acreage in the same clumsy old 

fashion which Carothers McCaslin himself had probably 

followed, declining advice, refusing to use improved im- 

plements, refusing to let a tractor so much as cross the land 

which his McCaslin forbears had given him without re- 

 course for life, refusing even to allow the pilot who dusted 

 the rest of the cotton with weevil poison, even fly his laden 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                                117 

aeroplane through the air above it,          yet drawing suppli(‘S 

from the commissary as if he farmed, and at an outrageous 

and incredible profit, a thousand acres, having on the conr 

missary books an account (iating thirty years back whic 1 

Edmonds knew he would nc ver pay for the good and simp e 

reason that Lucas would not only outlive the present E« -- 

monds as  he had outlived  the two preceding him, bi t 

would probably outlast tht  very ledgers which held tl e 

account. Then the still whit h Lucas had run almost in hi 

                                                                     ., 

Edmonds', back yard for ai         least twenty years, according 

to his daughter, until his t>wn avarice exposed him, and 

the three-hundred-dollar mule which he had stolen from 

not only his business partner and guarantor but actually 

from his own blood relation and swapped for a machine 

for divining the hiding-place of buried money; and now 

this:  breaking up after  forty-five years the home of the 

woman who had been the only mother he, Edmonds, ever 

 knew, who had raised him, fed him from her own breast 

as she was actually doing her own child, who had sur- 

rounded him always with care for his physical body and for 

his spirit too, teaching him his manners, behavior—to be 

gentle with his inferiors, honorable with his equals, gener- 

ous to the weak and considerate of the aged, courteous, 

                             — 

 truthful and brave to all      ^who had given him, the mother- 

 less, without stint or expectation of reward that constant 

 and abiding devotion and love which existed nowhere else 

 in this world for him;—breaking up her home who had no 

 other kin save an old brother in Jefferson whom she had not 

 even seen in ten years, and the eighteen-year-old married 

 daughter with whom she would doubtless refuse to live 

 since the daughter's husband likewise  had lain  himself 


liable to the curse which she believed her own husband 

had incurred. 

   Impervious to time too. It seemed to Edmonds, sitting at 

his solitary supper which he couldn't eat,  that he could 

actually see Lucas standing there in the room before him 

the face which at sixty-seven looked actually younger than 

his own at forty-three, showed less of the ravages of pas- 

sions and thought and satieties and frustrations than his 

own  the face which was not at all           replica even in 

     —                                    a                    cari- 

cature of his grandfather McCaslin's but which had heired 

and now reproduced with absolute and shocking fidelity the 

old  ancestor’s  entire  generation  and thought—the  face 

which, as old Isaac McCaslin had seen it            that morning 

forty-five years ago, was a composite of a whole generation 

of fierce and undefeated young Confederate soldiers, em- 

balmed and slightly mummified—and he thought with 

amazement and something very like horror: He’s more like 

old Carothers than all the rest of us put together, including 

old Carothers, He is both heir and prototype simultaneously 

of all the geography and climate and biology which sired 

old Carothers and all the rest of us and our kind, myriad, 

countless, faceless, even nameless now except himself who 

fathered himself, intact and complete, contemptuous, as old 

Carothers must have been, of all blood black white yellow 

or red, including his own. 

                                 2. 

   It was full dark when he tied the mare to Lucas’ fence 

 and walked up the rock path neatly bordered with broken 

brick and upended bottles and such set into the earth, and 

 mounted the steps and entered. Lucas was waiting, stand- 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                            119 

ing in the door with his hat on, in silhouette against the 

firelight on the hearth. The old woman did not rise.  She 

sat as in the commissary that afternoon, motionless, on 

                                                                y 

bent a little   forward, her tiny gnarled hands immobi e 

again on the white apron, the shrunken and tragic ma: k 

touched here and there int  highlight by the fire,            f t 

                               »                         and 

the first time in his memor\ he was seeing her in or abo it 

the house without the clay j)ipe in her mouth. Lucas dre v 

up a chair for him. But Lucas did not sit down. He we it 

and stood at the other side ot the hearth, the firelight touc 1- 

ing him too—the broad sweep of the hand-made beav*T 

hat which Edmonds’ grandfather had given him fifty yea^s 

ago, the faintly Syriac features, the heavy gold watch-chain 

looped across the unbuttoned vest.  *^Now what’s all this?” 

Edmonds said. 

   *'She wants a voce,” Lucas said. ^All right.” 

   *A11 right?” Edmonds said.  '*A11 right?” 

   ‘Tes. What’s it going to cost me?” 

   '1 see,” Edmonds said.  ‘If you got to pay out money 

for it,  she cant have one. Well, this is  one thing you aint 

going to swangdangle anybody out of. You aint buying or 

selling a gold-finding machine either now, old man. She 

dont want any mule.” 

   “She can have it,” Lucas said. “I just want to know how 

much it will cost me. Why cant you declare us voced like 

you done Oscar and that yellow slut he fetched out here 

 from Memphis last summer? You not only declared them 

voced, you took her back to town yourself and bought her 

a railroad ticket back to Memphis.” 

   “Because they were not married very hard,” Edmonds 

said. “And sooner or later she was going to take a lick at 

him with that razor she carried. And if she had ever missed 


or fumbled, Oscar would have torn her head off.  He was 

just waiting for a chance to. That's why I did it.  But you 

aint Oscar. This is different. Listen to me, Lucas. You are 

an older man than me; I  admit that. You may have more 

money than IVe got, which I think you have, and you may 

have more sense than IVe got, as you think you have. But 

you cant do this." 

   'Dont tell  me," Lucas said.      'Tell her.  This aint my 

doing. Lm satisfied like this." 

   "Yes. Sure. As long as you can do like you want to 

spend all  the time you aint sleeping and eating making 

George Wilkins walk up and down that creek bottom, tot- 

                             — 

     that damn  that damn         Then he stopped         started 

ing            —                "                    and 

over, holding his voice not down only but back too,  for 

a while yet at least:  "IVe told you and told you there aint 

any money buried around here. That you are just wasting 

your time. But that’s all  right. You and George Wilkins 

both could walk around down there until you drop, for all 

                                " 

of me. But Aunt Molly 

   "I’m a man," Lucas said. "I’m the man here. I’m the one 

to say in my house, like you and your paw and his paw 

were the ones to say in his. You aint got any complaints 

about the way I  farm my land and make my crop, have 

you?" 

   "No complaints?" Edmonds said. "No complaints?" The 

 other didn’t even pause. 

   "Long as I do that. I’m the one to say about my private 

business,  and your father would be the first  to tell  you 

so if he was here. Besides, I will have to quit hunting every 

night soon now, to get my cotton picked. Then I’ll  just 

 hunt Saturday and Sunday night." Up to now he had been 

 speaking to the ceiling apparently. Now he looked at Ed- 

            THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                            121 

monds. '*But them two nights is mine. On them two nights 

I  dont farm nobody's land, I  dont care who he is            tha 

claims to own it." 

   'Well," Edmonds said. "1 wo nights a week. You'll hav< 

to start  that next week, because some of your cotton i 

ready." He turned to the old woman. "There, Aunt Molly, 

he said. "Two nights a week, and he's bound, even Luca* 

                                    " 

to come to his senses soon 

   "I dont axes him to stop hunting but two nights a week, 

she said. She hadn't moved, speaking in a monotonous sing • 

song, looking at neither of them. "I dont axes him to sto}) 

hunting for it  at all.  Because it's   too late now. He cant 

help himself now. And I gots to be free." 

   Edmonds looked up again at the impassive, the impene- 

trable  face under the broad, old-fashioned hat.  "Do you 

want her to go?" he said. "Is that it?" 

   "I'm going to be the man in this house," Lucas said. It 

was not stubborn. It  was quiet:  final.  His stare was as 

 steady as Edmonds' was, and immeasurably colder. 

   "Listen," Edmonds said. "You're getting along. You aint 

got a lot more time here. You said something about father 

a minute ago. All right. But when his time came and he 

laid down to die, he laid down in peace. Because he never 

 had anything Jesus, he had almost said it  aloud.  Damn 

 damn damn he thought had anything ahout his vnfe in her 

 old age to have to say God forgive me for doing that. Al- 

most aloud; he just Caught it.      "And you time's coming to 

want to lay down in peace, and you dont know when." 

    "Nor does you." 

    'That's correct. But I'm forty-three. You are sixty-seven." 

 They stared at one another. Still the face beneath the hat 


was impassive,  impenetrable.  Then Lucas moved.  He 

turned and spat neatly into the fire. 

   *^A11 right,"' he said quietly. want to lay down in peace 

too. ril get shut of the machine. Til give it to George Wil- 

    — 

kins   " That was when the old woman moved. When 

Edmonds looked around she was trying to rise  from the 

chair, trying to thrust herself up with one hand, the other 

arm outstretched, not to ward Lucas off but toward him, 

Edmonds. 

   ^'No!" she cried.  ''Mister Zack! Cant you see? Not that 

 he would keep on using it just the same as if he had kept 

 it, but he would fotch onto Nat, my last one and least one, 

 the curse of God that's  gonter destroy him or her that 

 touches what's done been rendered back to Him? I wants 

 him to keep it!  That^s why I got to go, so he can keep it 

 and not have to even think about giving it to George! Dont 

 you see?" 

   Edmonds had risen  too,  his chair crashing over back- 

 ward. He was trembling, glaring at  Lucas. "So you'll try 

 your tricks on me too. On me," he said in a shaking voice. 

 "All right. You're not going to get any divorce. And you re 

 going to get rid of that machine. You bring that thing up 

 to my house the first thing in the morning. You hear me?" 

   He returned home, or to the stable. There was a moon 

 now, blanched upon the  open cotton  almost  ready  for 

 picking. The curse of God. He knew what she meant, what 

 she had been fumbling toward. Granted the almost un- 

 believable circumstance that there should be as much as a 

 thousand dollars buried and forgotten somewhere within 

 Lucas' radius, and granted the even more impossible cir- 

 cumstance that Lucas should find it:  what it might do to 

 him, even to a man sixty-seven years old, who had, as Ed- 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                       123 

monds knew, three times that sum in a Jefferson bank; 

even a thousand dollars on which there was no sweat, i t 

least none of his own. And to George, the daughter s hu i- 

band, who had not a dollar anywhere, who was not            ;t 

                                                          y 

twenty-five and with an eighteen-year-old wife expectii 

                                                            g 

 a child next spring. 

   There was no one to take the mare; he had told Dan n )t 

 to wait. He unsaddled himself and rubbed her down ar d 

 opened the gate to the pasture lane and slipped the brid e 

 and slapped her moon-bright rump as she rushed sudden 

 away, cantering, curvetting, her three stockings and ti e 

blaze glinting moonward for an instant as she turned. ‘^God 

 damn it,”  he said,     wish to hell  either me or  Lucas 

 Beauchamp was a horse. Or a mule.” 

   Lucas did not appear the next morning with the divining 

 machine. When Edmonds himself departed at nine oclock 

 (it was Sunday) he still had not appeared. Edmonds was 

 driving his car now; for a moment he thought of going to 

 Lucas^ house, stopping there on his way. But it was Sunday; 

 it  seemed to him that he had been worrying and stewing 

 over Lucas' affairs for six days a week since last May and 

 very likely he would resume stewing and fretting over them 

 at sunup tomorrow, and since Lucas himself had stated that 

 beginning next week he would devote only Saturdays and 

 Sundays to the machine, possibly until that time he would 

 consider himself under his own dispensation to refrain from 

 it on those two days. So he went on. He was gone all that 

    — church five miles away, then to 

 day   to                                    Sunday dinner 

 with some friends three miles further on, where he spent 

 the afternoon looking at other men s cotton and adding his 

 voice to the curses at governmental interference with the 

 raising and marketing of it. So it was after dark when he 


reached his own gate again and remembered Lucas and 

Molly and the divining machine once more. Lucas would 

not have left it  at the empty house in his absence, so he 

turned and drove on to Lucas' cabin. It was dark; when he 

shouted there was no answer. So he drove on the quarter- 

mile to George s and Nat s, but it was dark too, no answer 

there to his voice. Mayhe it's  all right now, he thought. 

Mayhe they've all gone to church. Anyway, it'll  he tomor- 

row in another twelve hours I'll have to start in worrying 

about Lucas and something and so it might as well he this, 

something at least I am familiar with, accustomed to. 

   Then the next morning, Monday, he had been in the 

stable for almost an hour and neither Dan nor Oscar had 

appeared. He had opened the stalls himself and turned the 

m\ile drove into the lane to the pasture and was just com- 

ing out of the mare s stall with the feed basket as Oscar 

came into the hallway, not running but trotting wearily and 

steadily. Then Edmonds saw that he still wore his Sunday 

clothes—a bright shirt and a tie, serge trousers with a long 

tear in one leg and splashed to the knees with mud. ‘Its 

Aunt Molly Beauchamp," Oscar said.  “She been missing 

since yestiddy sometime. We been hunting her all  night. 

We found where she went down to the creek and we been 

tracking her. Only she so little  and light she dont hardly 

make a foot on the ground. Uncle Luke and George and 

Nat and Dan and some others are still hunting." 

   “I'll  saddle the mare," Edmonds said.  “I've turned the 

mules out; you'll have to go to the pasture and catch one. 

Hurry." 

   The mules, free in the big pasture, were hard to catch; 

it was almost an hour before Oscar returned bareback on 

 one of them. And it was two hours more before they over- 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                            125 

tcx)k Lucas and George and Nat and Dan and another mati 

where they followed and lost and hunted and found and 

followed again the faint, light prints of the old woman^ > 

feet as they seemed to wander without purpose among th ; 

jungle of brier and rotted logs along the creek. It was almo5 

noon when they found her, lying on her face in the muC 

the once immaculate apron  and the  clean  faded skirt 

stained and tom, one hand still grasping the handle of the 

divining-machine as she had fallen with it.        She was nee 

dead. When Oscar picked her up she opened her eye*, 

looking at  no one,  at  nothing,  and closed  them again, 

'"Run,” Edmonds told Dan. ^Take the mare. Go back foe 

the car  and go get  Doctor Rideout.  Hurry.—Can you 

carry her?’' 

       can tote her,” Oscar said.  *^She dont weigh hardly 

nothing. Not nigh as much as that finding-box.” 

                                                             — 

   ^Tll  tote  her,”  George said.   'Tein as  she’s  Nat’s 

Edmonds turned on him, on Lucas too. 

   **You  tote  that box,”  he said.    ‘'Both of  you tote  it. 

Hope it  finds something between here and the house. Be- 

cause if  those needles ever move on my place afterward, 

neither of you all will be looking at them.—I’m going to 

see about that divorce,” he said to Lucas. “Before she kills 

herself. Before you and that machine kill her between you. 

By God, I’m glad I aint walking in your shoes right now. 

 I’m glad I aint going to lie in your bed tonight, thinking 

about what you’re going to think about.” 

   The day came. The cotton was all  in and ginned and 

baled and frost had fallen, completing the firing of the 

corn which was being gathered and measured into the cribs. 

With Lucas and Molly in the back seat, he drove in to 

Jefferson and stopped before the county courthouse where 


the Chancellor was sitting. ‘'You dont need to come in,” he 

told Lucas. “They probably wouldn't let you in.  But you 

be around close. Lm not going to wait for you. And remem- 

ber. Aunt Molly gets the house, and half your crop this year 

and half of it every year as long as you stay on my place.” 

   “You mean every year I keep on farming my land.” 

   “I mean every damned year you stay on my place. Just 

what I said.” 

   “Cass Edmonds give me that land to be mine long as 

        ” 

I 

   “You heard me,” Edmonds said.  Lucas looked at him. 

He blinked. 

   “Do you want me to move off of it?” he said. 

   “Why?” Edmonds said. “What for? When you are going 

to he on it     all  night long every night,  hunting buried 

money? You might as well sleep on it all day too. Besides, 

you'll have to stay on it  to make Aunt Molly's half-crop. 

                                                             ” 

And I dont mean just this year. I mean every 

   “She can have all of it,” Lucas said. “I'll raise it all right. 

And she can have all of it.  I got them three thousand dol- 

lars old Carothers left me, right there in that bank yonder. 

They'll last me out my time—unless you done decided to 

give half of them to somebody. And when me and George 

                                    ” 

Wilkins find that money 

    “Get out of the car,” Edmonds said.  “Go on. Get out 

of it.” 

   The Chancellor was sitting in his office— small de- 

tached building beside  the  courthouse proper.  As they 

walked toward it  Edmonds suddenly had to take the old 

 woman's arm, catching her just in time, feeling again the 

 thin, almost fleshless arm beneath the layers of sleeve, dry 

 and light and brittle and frail as a rotted stick. He stopped. 

             THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                                 127 

holding her up. *^Aunt Molly/^ he said, ^'do you still want 

to do this? You dont have to. Til take that thing away fro n 

                         '' 

him. By God, I 

   She tried to go on, tugging at his hand. '1 got to,^'  si e 

said. ^'He’ll get another one. Then he’ll give that one  o 

George the first  thing to  keep you from taking it.              Ai d 

they’ll find it  some day and maybe I’ll  be gone then ar d 

cant help. And Nat was m\ least and my last one. I wort 

never see the others before 1      die.” 

   ^Gorne on,” Edmonds sai 1.        'Gome on then.” 

   There were a few people going in and out of the offic i; 

a few inside, not many. The  waited quietly at the back of 

                                   y 

the room until their turn came. Then he found that he 

actually was holding her up. He led her forward, still  sup- 

porting her, believing that if he released her for an instant 

even she would collapse into a bundle of dried and lifeless 

sticks, covered by the old, faded, perfectly clean garments, 

at his feet. "Ah, Mr Edmonds,” the Chancellor said. "This 

is the plaintiff?” 

   "Yes, sir,” Edmonds said. The Chancellor (hewas quite 

old) slanted his head to look at Molly above his spectacles. 

Then he shifted  them up his  nose  and looked at  her 

through them. He made a clucking sound. "After forty-five 

years. You cant do anything about it?” 

    "No, sir,”  Edmonds said.  "I  tried.  I  .      . .”  The Chan- 

cellor made the clucking sound again. He looked down at 

the bill which the clerk laid before him. 

   "She will be provided for, of course.” 

    "Yes, sir.  I’ll  see to that.” 

   The Chancellor mused upon the bill.  "There’s no con* 

test, I suppose.” 

    "No, sir,”  Edmonds said.  And then—and he did not 


even know Lucas had followed them until  he saw the 

Chancellor slant his head again and look past them this 

time across the spectacles, and saw the clerk glance up and 

heard him say,  '‘You, nigger!  Take off  your hat!''—then 

Lucas thrust Molly aside and came to the table, removing 

his hat as he did so. 

   "We aint gonter have no contest or no voce neither," he 

said. 

   "You what?" the Chancellor said.  "What's this?" Lucas 

had not once looked at Edmonds. As far as Edmonds could 

tell, he was not looking at the Chancellor either. Edmonds 

thought idiotically how it  must have been years since he 

had seen Lucas uncovered; in fact, he could not remember 

at all being aware previously that Lucas' hair was gray. 

   "We dont want no voce," Lucas said. "I done changed 

my mind." 

   "Are you the husband?" the Chancellor said. 

   "That's right," Lucas said, 

   "Say sir to the court!" the clerk said. Lucas glanced at 

the clerk. 

   "What?" he said. "I dont want no court. I done changed 

my 

                           ** 

                        — 

   "Why, you uppity          the clerk began. 

   "Wait," the Chancellor said. He looked at Lucas. 'Y^ou 

have waited too late. This bill has been presented in due 

 form and order. I am about to pronounce on it." 

   "Not now," Lucas said.  "We dont want no voce. Roth 

Edmonds knows what I mean." 

    "What? Who does?" 

                        —                                      — 

    "Why, the uppity       " the clerk said.    'Your Honor 

Again the Chancellor raised his hand slightly toward the 

clerk. He still looked at Lucas. 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                           129 

   ^'Mister Roth Edmonds/^ Lucas said.  Edmonds moved 

forward quickly, still  holding the old woman s arm. Ti e 

Chancellor looked at him. 

   *Tes, Mr Edmonds?’' 

   *Tes, sir,”  Edmonds said    'That’s right. We dont want 

it now.” 

   "You wish to withdraw the bill?” 

   "Yes, sir.  If you please, sjc.” 

   "Ah,” the Chancellor said  He folded the bill and hand( i 

it to the clerk. "Strike this off the docket, Mr Hulett,” 1 e 

said. 

   When they were out of the office, he was almost carrv^- 

ing her, though she was trying to walk.  "Here,” he said, 

almost roughly,  "it’s  all  right now. Didn’t you hear the 

judge? Didn’t you hear Lucas tell  the judge that Roth 

Edmonds knows what he means?” 

   He lifted her into the car almost bodily, Lucas just be- 

hind them. But instead of getting in, Lucas said,  "Wait a 

minute.” 

   "Wait a minute?” Edmonds said. "Hah!” he said. "You’ve 

                                                      — 

bankrupted your waiting.  You’ve already  spent          ”  But 

Lucas had gone on. And Edmonds waited. He stood be- 

side the car and watched Lucas cross the Square, toward 

the stores, erect beneath the old,  fine, well-cared-for hat, 

walking with that unswerving and dignified deliberation 

which every now and then, and with something sharp at 

the heart, Edmonds recognised as having come from his 

own ancestry too as the hat had come. He was not gone 

long. He returned, unhurried, and got into the car. He was 

carrying a small sack     obviously candy, a nickel’s worth. 

                       — 

He put it into Molly’s hand. 


   *'Here,” he said.  ‘'You aint got no teeth left but you can 

still gum it."' 

                                  3- 

   It was cool that night. He had a little fire, and for sup- 

per the first ham from the smokehouse, and he was sitting 

at  his  solitary meal,  eating with more appetite  than it 

seemed to him he had had in months, when he heard the 

knocking from the  front of  the house—the  rapping of 

knuckles on the edge of the veranda, not loud, not hurried, 

merely peremptory.  He spoke to  the  cook through the 

kitchen door: “Tell him to come in here,^^ he said. He went 

on eating. He was eating when Lucas entered and passed 

him^and set the divining machine on the other end of the 

table. It was clean of mud now; it looked as though it had 

been polished, at once compact and complex and efficient- 

looking with its  bright cryptic dials and gleaming knobs. 

Lucas stood looking down at it  for a moment. Then he 

turned away. Until he left the room he did not once look 

toward it again. “There it is," he said. “Get rid of it." 

   “All right, ril put it  away in the attic.  Maybe by next 

                                                                    " 

spring Aunt Molly will forget about it and you can 

   “No. Get rid of it." 

   “For good?" 

   “Yes. Clean off this place, where I  wont never see it 

again. Just dont tell me where. Sell it if you can and keep 

the money. But sell it a far piece away, where I wont never 

see it nor hear tell of it again." 

   “Well," Edmonds said.  ‘Well." He thrust his chair back 

from the table and sat looking up at the other, at the old 

man who had emerged out of the tragic complexity of his 

           THE FIRE AND THE HEARTH                        131 

motherless childhood as the husband of the woman who 

had been the only mother he ever knew, who had nev ir 

once said ‘sir” to his white skin and whom he knew ev« n 

called him Roth behind his back, let  alone to  his  face, 

“Look here,” he said.  “You dont have to do that.  Au xt 

Molly's old, and she's got some curious notions. But wb it 

she dont know— Because        you aint  going  to  find  ai 

                                                            y 

money, buried or not, around here or anywhere else. Ai d 

if you want to take that damn thing out now and then, s. 

                                                            y 

once or twice a month, and spend the night walking i 

                                  ”                         p 

and down that damn creek 

   “No,” Lucas said.  “Get rid of it.  I  dont want to nevor 

see it again. Man has got three score and ten years on this 

earth, the Book says. He can want a heap in that time and 

a heap of what he can want is due to come to him, if he 

just starts in soon enough. I done waited too late to start. 

That money's there. Them two white men that slipped in 

here that night three years ago and dug up twenty-two 

thousand dollars and got clean away with it before anybexly 

saw them. I  know. I  saw the hole where they filled it  up 

again, and the churn it  was buried in.  But I  am near to 

the end of my three score and ten, and I reckon to find that 

money aint for me.” 

Pantaloon in Black 

                                  I. 

tlfi STOOD in the worn, hided clean overalls which Mai- 

nie herself had washed on]\ a week ago, and heard the first 

clod stride the pine box. Soon he had one of the shovtJs 

himself, which in his hands (he was better than six feet 

and weighed better than two hundred pounds) resembled 

the toy shovel a child plays with at the shore, its half cubic 

foot of flung dirt no more than the light gout of sand the 

child’s shovel would have flung. Another member of his 

sawmill gang touched his arm and said, ^Xemme have hit. 

Rider.” He didn’t even falter.  He released one hand in 

midstroke and flung it  backward, striking the other across 

the chest, jolting him back a step, and restored the hand 

to the moving shovel, flinging the dirt with that effortless 

fury so that the mound seemed to be rising of its own voli- 

tion, not built up from above but thrusting visibly upward 

out of the earth itself,  until at last the grave, save for its 

rawness, resembled any other marked off  without order 

about the barren plot by shards of pottery  and broken 

bottles and old brick and other objects insignificant to sight 

but actually of a profound meaning and fatal  to  touch, 

which no white man could have read. Then he straightened 

up and with one hand flung the shovel quivering upright 

                                 135 


in the mound like a javelin and turned and began to walk 

away, walking on even when an old woman came out of 

the meagre clump of his kin and friends and a few old 

people who had known him and his dead wife both since 

they were born, and grasped his forearm. She was his aunt. 

She had raised him. He could not remember his parents at 

all 

   *Whar you gwine?^^ she said. 

   '‘Ahm goan home,” he said. 

   "You dont wants ter go back dar by yoself,”  she said. 

"You needs to eat. You come on home and eat.” 

   "Ahm goan home,” he repeated, walking out from under 

her hand, his forearm like iron, as if the weight on it were 

no more than that of a fly, the other members of the mill 

gang'^whose head he was giving way quietly to let him pass. 

But before he reached the fence one of them overtook him; 

he did not need to be told it was his aunt's messenger. 

   "Wait, Rider,”  the other said.    "We gots a jug in de 

       — 

bushes    ” Then the other said what he had not intended 

to say, what he had never conceived of himself saying in 

circumstances like these, even though everybody knew it 

the dead who either will not or cannot quit the earth yet 

although the flesh they once lived in has been returned to 

 it,  let the preachers tell and reiterate and affirm how they 

 left it not only without regret but with joy, mounting to- 

ward glory:    "You dont wants ter  go back dar.  She be 

wawkin yit.” 

   He didn't pause, glancing down at the other, his eyes 

 red at the inner comers in his high, slightly backtilted head. 

 "Lemme lone, Acey,” he said. "Doan mess wid me now,” 

 and went on,  stepping over the three-strand wire fence 

 without even breaking his stride, and crossed the road and 

                 PANTALOON IN BLACK                               137 

entered the woods. It was middle dusk when he emerged 

from them and crossed the last  field,  stepping over thvt 

fence too in one stride, into the lane. It was empty at th s 

hour of Sunday evening—n ) family in wagon, no rider, r D 

walkers churchward to spej.k to him and carefully refrai 1 

from looking after him when he had passed—the pal 

                                                                     , 

powder-light, powder-dry dust of August from which tl e 

long week s marks of hoof .md wheel had been blotted I 

                                                                     y 

the strolling and unhurried Sunday shoes, with somewhei e 

beneath them, vanished but not gone, fixed and held in tl e 

annealing dust, the narrow, splay-toed prints of his wifes 

bare feet where on Saturday afternoons she would walk 

to the commissary to buy their next week^s supplies while 

he took his bath; himself, his own prints, setting the period 

now as he strode on, moving almost as fast as a smaller 

man could have trotted, his body breasting the air her body 

had vacated, his eyes touching the objects—post and tree 

                                 — 

and field and house and hill        ^her eyes had lost. 

   The house was the last  one in  the lane,  not his  but 

rented  from Carothers Edmonds, the  local  white  land- 

owner. But the rent was paid promptly in advance, and 

even in just six months he had refloored the porch and re- 

built and roofed the kitchen, doing the work himself on 

 Saturday afternoon and Sunday with his wife helping him, 

 and bought the stove. Because he made good money: saw- 

milling ever since he began to get his growth at fifteen and 

 sixteen and now, at twenty-four, head of the timber gang 

 itself because the gang he headed moved a third again as 

 much timber between sunup and sundown as any other 

 moved, handling himself at times out of the vanity of his 

 own strength logs which ordinarily two men would have 

 handled with canthooks; never without work even in the 


old days when he had not actually needed the money, when 

a lot of what he wanted, needed perhaps, didn^t cost money 

—the women bright and dark and for all purposes name- 

less he didn^t need to buy and it didn't matter to him what 

he wore and there was always food for him at any hour of 

day or night in the house of his aunt who didn't even want 

to  take the  two dollars  he gave her each Saturday—so 

there had been only the Saturday and Sunday dice and 

whiskey that had to be paid for until that day six months 

ago when he saw Mannie, whom he had known all his life, 

for the first time and said to himself:  ‘'Ah'm thu wid all 

dat," and they married and he rented the cabin from Caro- 

 thers Edmonds and built  a fire  on the hearth on their 

wedding night as the tale  told how Uncle Lucas Beau- 

 champ, Edmonds' oldest tenant, had done on his  forty- 

 five years ago and which had burned ever since; and he 

would rise and dress and eat his breakfast by lamplight to 

 walk the four miles to the mill by sunup, and exactly one 

 hour after sundown he would enter the house again, five 

 days a week, until Saturday. Then the first  hour would 

 not have passed noon when he would mount the steps and 

 knock, not on post or doorframe but on the underside of 

 the gallery roof itself, and enter and ring the bright cascade 

 of silver dollars onto the scrubbed table  in  the kitchen 

 where his dinner simmered on the stove and the galvanised 

 tub of hot water and the baking powder can of soft soap 

 and the towel made of scalded flour sacks sewn together 

 and his clean overalls and shirt waited, and Mannie would 

 gather up the money and walk the half-mile to the com- 

 missary and buy their next week's supplies and bank the 

 rest of the money in Edmonds' safe and return and they 

 would eat once again without haste or hurry after five days 

                PANTALOON IN BLACK                            139 

—the sidemeat, the greens, the cornbread, the buttermilk 

from the well-house, the cake which she baked every Satui - 

day now that she had a stove to bake in. 

   But when he put his hand on the gate it  seemed to hin 

suddenly that there was nothing beyond it.  The house ha« I 

never been his anyway, but now even the new planks an I 

sills and shingles, the heartli and stove and bed, were a I 

a part of the memory of somebody else, so that he stoppe i 

in the half-open gate and  aid aloud, as  though he had 

gone to sleep in one place and then waked suddenly t 

find himself in another:  ^‘Whut^s Ah doin hyar?^^ before 

he went on. Then he saw the dog. He had forgotten it.  Ht 

 remembered neither seeing nor hearing it since it began t> 

howl just before dawn yesterday—a big dog, a hound with 

a strain of mastiflF from somewhere (he had told Mannie 

a month after they married: *'Ah needs a big dawg. You^s 

de onliest least thing whut ever kep up wid me one day, leff 

alone fo weeks.^0 coming out from beneath the gallery and 

 approaching, not running but seeming rather to drift across 

the dusk until it stood lightly against his leg, its head raised 

until the tips of his fingers just touched it,  facing the house 

and making no sound; whereupon, as if  the animal con- 

 trolled it, had lain guardian before it during his absence and 

 only this  instant  relinquished,  the  shell  of planks  and 

 shingles facing him solidified, filled, and for the moment he 

 believed that he could not possibly enter it.  ''But Ah needs 

to eat,'^ he said. "Us bofe needs to eat,^* he said, moving on 

 though the dog did not follow until he turned and cursed 

 it. "Come on hyar!’' he said. "Whut you skeered of? She 

 lacked you too, same as me,” and they mounted the steps 

 and crossed the porch and entered the house—the dusk- 

 filled  single room where all  those six months were now 


crammed and crowded into one instant of time until there 

was no space left for air to breathe, crammed and crowded 

about the hearth where the fire which was to have lasted to 

the end of them, before which in the days before he was 

able to buy the stove he would enter after his  four-mile 

walk from the mill and find her, the shape of her narrow 

back and haunches squatting,  one narrow spread hand 

shielding her face from the blaze over which the other 

hand held the skillet,  had already fallen to a dry, light 

soilure of dead ashes when the sun rose yesterday—and 

himself standing there while the last of light died about the 

strong and indomitable beating of his heart and the deep 

steady arch and collapse of his chest which walking fast 

over the rough going of woods and fields had not increased 

and standing still  in the quiet and fading room had not 

slowed down. 

   Then the dog left him. The light pressure went off his 

flank; he heard the click and hiss of its claws on the wooden 

floor as it  surged away and he thought at first that it was 

fleeing. But it  stopped just outside the front door, where 

he could see it now, and the upfling of its head as the howl 

began, and then he saw her too. She was standing in the 

 kitchen door, looking at him. He didn't move. He didn't 

breathe nor speak until he knew his voice would be all 

right, his face fixed too not to alarm her.  ‘'Mannie," he 

said.  '^Hit's awright. Ah aint afraid." Then he took a step 

 toward her,  slow,  not  even raising  his  hand yet,  and 

 stopped. Then he took another step. But this time as soon 

 as he moved she began to fade. He stopped at once, not 

 breathing again, motionless, willing his eyes to see that she 

 had stopped too. But she had not stopped. She was fading, 

 going. *Wait," he said,  talking as sweet as he had ever 

               PANTALOON IN BLACK                         141 

heard his voice speak to a woman: *'Den lemme go wid 

you, honey/' But she was going. She was going fast now 

he could actually feel betwe en them the insuperable bar 

rier of that very strength wliich could handle alone a loj.*; 

which would have taken anv two other men to handle, oi 

the blood and bones and fiesh too strong, invincible for 

life, having learned at least once with his own eyes ho\^ 

tough, even in sudden and violent death, not a young man' 

bones and flesh perhaps but the will of that bone and flesl 

to remain alive, actually was 

   Then she was gone. He v alked through the door when * 

she had been standing, and went to the stove. He did no*: 

light the lamp. He needed no light. He had set the stove 

up himself and built the shelves for the dishes, from among 

which he took two plates by feel and from the pot sitting 

cold on the cold stove he ladled onto the plates the food 

which his aunt had brought yesterday and of which he 

had eaten yesterday though now he did not remember 

when he had eaten it  nor what it  was,  and carried the 

plates to the scrubbed bare table beneath the single small 

fading window and drew two chairs up and sat down, wait- 

ing again until  he knew his  voice would be what he 

wanted it  to be.  ^^Corne on hyar, now," he said roughly. 

 ‘^Corne on hyar and eat yo supper. Ah aint gonter have 

   — 

no    " and ceased, looking down at his plate, breathing the 

strong, deep pants, his chest arching and collapsing until 

he stopped it  presently and held himself motionless  for 

perhaps a half minute, and raised a spoonful of the cold 

and glutinous peas to his mouth. The congealed and life- 

less mass seemed to bounce on contact with his lips. Not 

even warmed from mouth-heat, peas and spoon spattered 

and rang upon the plate; his chair crashed backward and 


he was standing, feeling the muscles of his jaw beginning 

to drag his mouth open, tugging upward the top half of 

his head. But he stopped that too before it became sound, 

holding himself again while he rapidly scraped the food 

from his plate onto the other and took it  up and left the 

kitchen, crossed the other room and the gallery and set the 

plate on the bottom step and went on toward the gate. 

   The dog was not there, but it  overtook him within the 

first half mile. There was a moon then, their two shadows 

flitting broken and intermittent among the trees or slanted 

long and intact across the slope of pasture or old abandoned 

fields upon the hills,  the man moving almost as fast as a 

horse could have moved over that ground, altering  his 

course each time a lighted window came in sight, the dog 

trotting at heel while their shadows shortened to the moon's 

curve until at last they trod them and the last  far lamp 

had vanished and the shadows began to lengthen on the 

other hand, keeping to heel even when a rabbit burst from 

almost beneath the man's foot, then lying in the gray of 

dawn beside  the man s  prone body,  beside  the  labored 

heave and collapse of the chest, the loud harsh snoring 

which sounded not like groans of pain but like someone 

engaged without arms in prolonged single combat. 

   When he reached the mill there was nobody there but 

the fireman—an older man just turning from the wood- 

pile, watching quietly as he crossed the clearing, striding as 

if he were going to walk not only through the boiler shed 

but through (or over) the boiler too, the overalls which had 

been clean yesterday now draggled and soiled and drenched 

to the knees with dew, the cloth cap flung onto the side of 

his head, hanging peak downward over his ear as he always 

wore it,  the whites of his eyes rimmed with red and with 

                   PANTALOON IN BLACK                                    M3 

something urgent and strained  about them.  'Whar yo 

bucket?” he said. But before the fireman could answer hn 

had stepped past  him and lifted  the polished  lard pai 

down from a nail in a post.  ‘‘Ah just wants a biscuit,” h« 

said. 

    'Tat hit  all,”     the  firemjtn  said.      "Ah'll  eat  outen d : 

yuthers buckets at dinner. I )en you gawn home and go t * 

bed. You dont looks good.” 

    "Ah aint  come hyar to  look,”  he said,  sitting  on th : 

ground, his back against the post, the open pail between hi 

knees, cramming the food into his mouth with his hands 

                                                                             ’ 

wolfing it—peas again, also gelid and cold, a fragment o 

yesterdays Sunday fried chicken, a few rough chunks ot 

this morning s fried sidemeat, a biscuit the size of a child^s 

cap—indiscriminate, tasteless.  The rest  of the crew was 

gathering now, with voices and sounds of movement out- 

side the boiler shed; presently the white foreman rode into 

the clearing on a horse.  He did not look up, setting the 

empty pail aside, rising, looking at no one, and went to the 

branch and lay on his stomach and lowered his face to the 

water, drawing the water into himself with the same deep, 

strong, troubled inhalations that he had snored with, or as 

when he had stood in the empty house at dusk yesterday, 

trying to get air. 

    Then the trucks were rolling. The air pulsed with the 

rapid beating of the exhaust and the whine and clang of 

the saw, the trucks rolling one by one up to the skidway, he 

mounting the trucks in turn, to stand balanced on the load 

he freed, knocking the chocks out and casting loose the 

 shackle chains and with his cant-hook squaring the sticks 

 of cypress and gum and oak one by one to the incline and 

holding them until  the next two men of his gang were 


he was standing, feeling the muscles of his jaw beginning 

to drag his mouth open, tugging upward the top half of 

his head. But he stopped that too before it became sound, 

holding himself again while he rapidly scraped the food 

from his plate onto the other and took it  up and left the 

kitchen, crossed the other room and the gallery and set the 

plate on the bottom step and went on toward the gate. 

   The dog was not there, but it  overtook him within the 

first half mile. There was a moon then, their two shadows 

flitting broken and intermittent among the trees or slanted 

long and intact across the slope of pasture or old abandoned 

fields upon the hills,  the man moving almost as fast as a 

horse could have moved over that ground, altering  his 

course each time a lighted window came in sight, the dog 

trotting at heel while their shadows shortened to the moon's 

curve until at last they trod them and the last  far lamp 

had vanished and the shadows began to lengthen on the 

other hand, keeping to heel even when a rabbit burst from 

                      man  foot, then lying in the gray of 

almost beneath the         s 

dawn beside  the man's prone body,  beside  the  labored 

heave and collapse of the chest, the loud harsh snoring 

which sounded not like groans of pain but like someone 

engaged without arms in prolonged single combat. 

   When he reached the mill there was nobody there but 

the fireman—an older man just turning from the wood- 

pile, watching quietly as he crossed the clearing, striding as 

if he were going to walk not only through the boiler shed 

but through (or over) the boiler too, the overalls which had 

been clean yesterday now draggled and soiled and drenched 

 to the knees with dew, the cloth cap flung onto the side of 

his head, hanging peak downward over his ear as he always 

wore it,  the whites of his eyes rimmed with red and with 

                 PANTALOON IN BLACK                              M3 

something urgent and strained  about them.  ^Whar yo 

bucket?'' he said. But before the fireman could answer h( 

had stepped past  him and lifted  the polished  lard pai 

down from a nail in a post. *'Ah just wants a biscuit," h< 

said. 

   *'Eat  hit  all," the  fireman  said.    ''Ah'll  eat  outen d< 

yuthers' buckets at dinner. Den you gawn home and go t« 

bed. You dont looks good." 

   ''Ah aint come hyar to  ]'X)k,"  he said,  sitting  on th« 

ground, his back against the post, the open pail between hi 

knees, cramming the food into his mouth with his hands 

wolfing it—peas again, also gelid and cold, a fragment of 

yesterday's Sunday fried chicken, a few rough chunks oi 

this morning's fried sidemeat, a biscuit the size of a child's 

cap—indiscriminate, tasteless.  The rest  of the crew was 

gathering now, with voices and sounds of movement out- 

side the boiler shed; presently the white foreman rode into 

the clearing on a horse.  He did not look up, setting the 

empty pail aside, rising, looking at no one, and went to the 

branch and lay on his stomach and lowered his face to the 

water, drawing the water into himself with the same deep, 

strong, troubled inhalations that he had snored with, or as 

when he had stood in the empty house at dusk yesterday, 

trying to get air. 

   Then the trucks were rolling. The air pulsed with the 

rapid beating of the exhaust and the whine and clang of 

the saw, the trucks rolling one by one up to the skidway, he 

mounting the trucks in turn, to stand balanced on the load 

he freed, knocking the chocks out and casting loose the 

 shackle chains and with his cant-hook squaring the sticks 

 of cypress and gum and oak one by one to the incline and 

holding them until  the next two men of his gang were 


ready to receive and guide them, until  the discharge of 

each truck became one long rumbling roar punctuated by 

grunting shouts and, as the morning grew and the sweat 

came, chanted phrases of song tossed back and forth. He 

did not sing with them. He rarely ever did, and this morn- 

ing might have been no different from any other—himself 

man-height again  above  the  heads which carefully  re- 

frained from looking at him, stripped to the waist now, the 

shirt removed and the overalls knotted about his hips by 

the suspender straps, his upper body bare except for the 

handkerchief about his  neck and the  cap clapped and 

clinging somehow over his  right ear,  the mounting sun 

sweat-glinted steel-blue on the midnight-colored bunch and 

slip of muscles until the whistle blew for noon and he said 

to the two men at the head of the skidway:  *‘Look out. 

Git out de way,” and rode the log down the incline, bal- 

anced erect upon it in short rapid backward-running steps 

above the headlong thunder. 

   His aunt's husband was waiting for him—an old man, 

as tall as he was, but lean, almost frail, carrying a tin pail 

in one hand and a covered plate in the other; they too sat 

in the shade beside the branch a short distance from where 

the others were opening their  dinner pails.  The bucket 

 contained a fruit jar of buttermilk packed in a clean damp 

 towsack. The covered dish was a peach pie,  still  warm. 

 ''She baked hit fer you dis mawin,” the uncle said.  "She 

 say fer you to come home.” He didn't answer, bent forward 

 a little, his elbows on his knees, holding the pie in both 

hands, wolfing at it,  the syrupy filling smearing and trick- 

 ling down his chin, blinking rapidly as he chewed, the 

 whites of his eyes covered a little more by the creeping red. 

 "Ah went to yo house last night, but you want dar.  She 

                 PANTALOON IN BLACK                             145 

sont me. She wants you to come on home. She kept de 

lamp bumin all last night fer you.^^ 

   *‘Ah m awright/^ he said. 

   ''You aint awright. De Lawd guv, and He tuck away. 

Put yo faith and trust in Him. And she kin help you.^^ 

   "Whut faith and trust?''  lie  said.  "Whut Mannie evei 

done ter  Him? Whut He wanter come messin wid me 

           " 

and 

   "Hush!" the old man said.      'Hush!" 

   Then the trucks were rolling again. Then he could stop 

needing to invent to himself reasons for his breathing, until 

after  a while he began to  believe  he had forgot about 

breathing since now he could not hear it himself above the 

steady thunder of the rolling logs; whereupon as soon as he 

found himself believing he had forgotten it,  he knew that 

he had not, so that instead of tipping the final log onto the 

skidway he stood up and cast his cant-hook away as if it 

were a burnt match and in the dying reverberation of the 

last log's rumbling descent he vaulted down between the 

two slanted tracks of the skid, facing the log which still 

lay on the truck. He had done it before—taken a log from 

the truck onto his hands, balanced, and turned with it and 

tossed it  onto the skidway, but never with a stick of this 

size, so that in a complete cessation of all  sound save the 

pulse of the exhaust and the light free-running whine of 

the disengaged saw since every eye there, even that of the 

white foreman, was upon him, he nudged the log to the 

edge of the truckframe and squatted and set his palms 

against the underside of it.  For a time there was no move- 

ment at all. It was as if the unrational and inanimate wood 

had invested, mesmerised the man with some of its  own 

primal inertia.  Then a voice  said quietly:        "He got hit. 


Hit*s oS de truck,   and they saw the crack and gap of air, 

watching the infinitesimal straightening of the braced legs 

until the knees locked, the movement mounting infinitesi- 

mally through the belly s insuck, the arch of the chest, the 

neck cords, lifting the lip from the white clench of teeth 

in passing, drawing the whole head backward and only 

the bloodshot fixity of the eyes impervious to it, moving on 

up the arms and the straightening elbows until the bal- 

anced log was higher than his head. ''Only he aint gonter 

turn wid dat un,'' the same voice said.  "And when he try 

to put hit back on de truck, hit gonter kill him.'' But none 

of them moved. Then—there was no gathering of supreme 

effort—the log seemed to leap suddenly backward over his 

head of its own volition, spinning, crashing and thundering 

down the incline; he turned and stepped over the slanting 

track in one stride and walked through them as they gave 

way and went on across the clearing toward the woods even 

though the foreman called after him: "Rider!" and again: 

"You, Rider!" 

   At sundown he and the dog were in the river swamp 

four miles away—another clearing, itself not much larger 

than a room, a hut, a hovel partly of planks and partly of 

canvas, an unshaven white man standing in the door beside 

which a shotgun leaned, watching him as he approached, 

his hand extended with four silver dollars on the palm. 

"Ah wants a jug," he said. 

   "A jug?" the white man said. "You mean a pint. This is 

Monday. Aint you all running this week?" 

   "Ah laid off," he said. "Whar's my jug?" waiting, looking 

at nothing apparently, blinking his bloodshot eyes rapidly 

in his high, slightly back-tilted head, then turning, the jug 

hanging from his crooked middle finger against his leg, 

                PANTALOON IN BLACK                          147 

at  which moment the white man looked suddenly and 

sharply at his eyes as though seeing them for the first time 

—the eyes which had been strained and urgent this morn- 

ing and which now seemed to be without vision too and 

in which no white showed at all—and said, 

   *^Here. Gimme that jug. ^ ou dont need no gallon. Lm 

going to give you that pint, give it to you. Then you get out 

of here and stay out. Dont come back until— Then the 

white man reached and grasped the jug, whereupon the 

other swung it behind him, sweeping his other arm up and 

out so that it struck the white man across the chest. 

   'Took out, white folks,'' he said.  "Hit's mine. Ah done 

paid you." 

   The white man cursed him. "No you aint. Here's your 

money. Put that jug down, nigger." 

   "Hit's mine," he said, his voice quiet, gentle even, his 

face quiet save for the rapid blinking of the red eyes. "Ah 

done paid for hit,"  turning on, turning his back on the 

man and the gun both, and recrossed the clearing to where 

the dog waited beside the path to come to heel again. They 

moved rapidly on between the close walls of impenetrable 

 cane-stalks which gave a sort of blondness to the twilight 

and possessed something of that oppression, that lack of 

room to breathe in, which the walls of his house had had. 

 But this time, instead of fleeing it,  he stopped and raised 

 the jug and drew the cob stopper from the fierce duskreek 

 of uncured alcohol and drank, gulping the liquid solid and 

 cold as ice water, without either taste or heat until he low- 

 ered the jug and the air got in. "Hah," he said. "Dat's right. 

Try me. Try me, big boy. Ah gots something hyar now dat 

 kin whup you." 

   And, once free of the bottom's unbreathing blackness, 


there was the moon again, his long shadow and that of the 

lifted jug slanting away as he drank and then held the 

jug poised, gulping the silver air into his throat until he 

could breathe again, speaking to the jug:  ''Come on now. 

You always claim you's a better man den me. Come on 

now. Prove it.” He drank again, swallowing the chill liquid 

tamed of taste or heat either while the swallowing lasted, 

feeling it  flow solid and cold with fire, past then envelop- 

ing the strong steady panting of his lungs until they too 

ran suddenly free as his moving body ran in the silver 

solid wall of air he breasted. And he was all  right, his 

striding shadow and the trotting one of the dog travelling 

swift as those of two clouds along the hill; the long cast of 

his motionless shadow and that of the lifted jug slanting 

across^ the slope as he watched the frail figure of his aunt's 

husband toiling up the hill. 

   "Dey tole me at de mill you was gone,” the old man said. 

 "Ah knowed whar to look. Come home, son. Dat ar cant 

help you.” 

   "Hit done awready hope me,” he said.  "Ahm awready 

home. Ah m snakebit now and pizen cant hawm me.” 

   "Den stop and see her. Leff her look at you. Dat s all 

                                     — 

she axes: just left her look at you     ” But he was already 

moving. "Wait!” the old man cried. "Wait!” 

   "You cant keep up,” he said,  speaking into the silver 

air, breasting aside the silver solid air which began to flow 

past him almost as fast as it  would have flowed past a 

moving horse. The faint frail voice was already lost in the 

night's infinitude, his shadow and that of the dog scudding 

 the free miles, the deep strong panting of his chest run- 

ning free as air now because he was all right 

                PANTALOON IN BLACK                           149 

   Then, drinking, he discovered suddenly that no mon* 

of the liquid was entering his mouth. Swallowing, it wa^ 

no longer passing down his throat, his throat and moutl: 

filled now with a solid and unmoving column which with 

out reflex or revulsion sprang, columnar and intact anc! 

still  retaining the mold of Ins gullet, outward glinting iii 

the moonlight, splintering, vanishing into the myriad mur 

mur of the dewed grass. He drank again. Again his throa* 

merely filled solidly           > 

                      until tw<  icy rills ran from his mouth 

comers; again the intact c(*lumn sprang silvering,  glint . 

ing, shivering, while he panted the chill  of air  into hi* 

throat, the jug poised before his mouth while he spoke tc 

it:  ^^Awright. Ah m ghy try you again. Soon as you makes 

up yo mind to stay whar I puts you, Ahll leff you alone.^^ 

He drank, filling his gullet for the third time and lowered 

the jug one instant ahead of the bright intact repetition, 

panting, indrawing the cool of air until he could breathe. 

He stoppered the cob carefully back into the jug and stood, 

panting, blinking, the long cast of his solitary shadow slant- 

ing away across the hill  and beyond, across the mazy in- 

finitude of all the night-bound earth.  ‘‘Awright,” he said. 

**Ah just misread de sign wrong. Hit's done done me all 

de help Ah needs. Ah m awright now. Ah doan needs no 

mo of hit." 

   He could see the lamp in the window as he crossed the 

pasture,  passing the black-and-silver  yawn of  the  sandy 

ditch where he had played as a boy with empty snulF-tins 

and rusted harness-buckles and fragments of trace-chains 

and now and then an actual wheel, passing the garden 

patch where he had hoed in the spring days while his aunt 

stood sentry over him from the kitchen window, crossing 


the grassless yard in whose dust he had sprawled and crept 

before he learned to walk. He entered the house, the room, 

the light itself,  and stopped in the door, his head back- 

tilted a little as if he could not see, the jug hanging from 

his  crooked finger,  against his  leg.  ^^Unc Alec  say you 

wanter see me,^’ he said. 

   '*Not just to see you,'* his aunt said. 'To come home, 

whar we kin help you." 

   "Ahm awright," he said. "Ah doan needs no help." 

   "No," she said.  She rose from the chair and came and 

grasped his  arm as  she had grasped it    yesterday at  the 

grave. Again, as on yesterday, the forearm was like  iron 

under her hand. "No! When Alec come back and tole me 

how you had wawked off de mill and de sun not half down, 

Ah knowed why and whar. And dat cant help you." 

   "Hit done awready hope me. Ah m awright now." 

   "Dont lie to me," she said. "You aint never lied to me. 

 Dont lie to me now." 

   Then he said it.   It was his own voice, without either 

 grief or amazement, speaking quietly out of the tremen- 

 dous panting of his chest which in a moment now would 

begin to strain at the walls of this room too. But he would 

be gone in a moment. 

   "Nome," he said, "Hit aint done me no good." 

   "And hit cant!  Cant nothing help you but Him! Ax 

 Him! Tole Him about hit! He wants to hyar you and help 

 you! 

   “Efn He God, Ah dont needs to tole Him. Efn He God, 

 He awready know hit.  Awright. Hyar Ah is.        Leff Him 

 come down hyar and do me some good.” 

    "On yo knees!” she cried. “On yo knees and ax Him!” 

                PANTALOON IN BLACK                         151 

But it was not his knees on the floor, it was his feet. And 

for a space he could hear her feet too on the planks of the 

hall behind him and her voice crying after him from the 

door:  ''Spoot! Spoot!''—crying after him across the moon- 

dappled yard the name he had gone by in his childhood 

and adolescence, before the men he worked with and the 

bright dark nameless women he had taken in course anc 

forgotten until he saw Mannie that day and said,  ‘'Ahn 

thu wid all dat,'' began to call him Rider. 

   It was just after midnight when he reached the mill. The 

dog was gone now. This time he could not remember when 

nor where. At first  he seemed to remember hurling the 

empty jug at it.  But later the jug was still in his hand and 

it was not empty, although each time he drank now the 

two icy runnels streamed from his mouth-comers, sopping 

his  shirt  and overalls until he walked constantly in the 

fierce chill of the liquid tamed now of flavor and heat and 

odor too even when the swallowing ceased.  ‘‘Sides that,^^ 

he said, “Ah wouldn’t thow nothin at him. Ah mout kick 

him efn he needed hit  and was close enough. But Ah 

wouldn’t mint no dog chunkin hit.” 

   The jug was still in his hand when he entered the clear- 

ing and paused among the mute soaring of the moon-blond 

lumber-stacks. He stood in the middle now of the unim- 

peded shadow which he was treading again as he had trod 

it last night, swaying a little, blinking about at the stacked 

lumber, the skidway, the piled logs waiting for tomorrow, 

the boiler-shed all quiet and blanched in the moon. And 

then it was all right. He was moving again. But he was not 

moving, he was drinking, the liquid cold and swift and 

tasteless and requiring no swallowing, so that he could not 


tell if it were going down inside or outside. But it was all 

right. And now he was moving, the jug gone now and he 

didn't know the when or where of that either. He crossed 

the clearing and entered the boiler  shed and went on 

through it,   crossing  the junctureless backloop of  time's 

trepan, to the door of the tool-room, the faint glow of the 

lantern beyond the plank-joints, the surge and fall of living 

shadow, the mutter of voices, the mute click and scutter of 

the dice, his hand loud on the barred door, his voice loud 

too: ^‘Open hit. Hit's me. Ah'm snakebit and bound to die." 

   Then he was through the door and inside the tool-room. 

They were the same faces—three members of his timber 

gang, three or four others of the mill crew, the white night- 

watchman with the heavy pistol in his hip pocket and the 

smaH heap of coins and worn bills on the floor before him, 

one who was called Rider and was Rider standing above 

the squatting circle,  swaying a little,  blinking, the dead 

muscles of his  face shaped into smiling while the white 

man stared up at him. *^Make room, gamblers," he said. 

 ‘^Make room, Ah'm snakebit and de pizen cant hawm me." 

   'Tfou're drunk," the white man said.  ''Get out of here. 

One of you niggers open the door and get him out of here." 

   "Dass awright, boss-man," he said, his voice equable, his 

face still fixed in the faint rigid smiling beneath the blink- 

ing of the red eyes;  "Ah aint drunk. Ah just cant wawk 

straight fer dis yar money weighin me down." 

   Now he was kneeling too, the other six dollars of his last 

week's pay on the floor before him, blinking, still  smiling 

at the face of the white man opposite, then, still  smiling, 

he watched the dice pass from hand to hand around the 

circle as the white man covered the bets,  watching the 

               PANTALOON IN BLACK                          153 

soiled and palm-worn money in front of the white man 

gradually and steadily increase, watching the white mar 

cast and win two doubled bets in succession then lose or 

for twenty-five cents, the dice coming to him at last,  th< 

cupped snug clicking of them in his fist.  He spun a coii 

into the center. 

   ^^Shoots a dollar,” he said,  and cast,  and watched tht 

white man pick up the dici      and flip  them back to him 

^*Ah lets hit lay,” he said.   Ahm snakebit. Ah kin pas 

wid anything,” and cast, and this time one of the negroe: 

flipped the dice back.  '^Ah lets hit lay,” he said, and cast 

and moved as the white man moved, catching the white 

man's wrist before his hand reached the dice, the two oi 

them squatting, facing each other above the dice and the 

money, his left hand grasping the white man s wrist, his 

face still fixed in the rigid and deadened smiling, his voice 

equable, almost deferential:  ‘^Ah kin pass even wid miss- 

                                  — 

outs. But dese hyar yuther boys      ” until the white man's 

hand sprang open and the second pair of dice clattered 

onto the floor beside  the first   two and the white man 

wrenched free and sprang up and back and reached the 

hand backward toward the pocket where the pistol was. 

   The razor hung between his shoulder-blades from a loop 

of cotton string round his neck inside his shirt. The same 

motion of the hand which brought the razor forward over 

his shoulder flipped the blade open and freed it  from the 

cord, the blade opening on until the back edge of it  lay 

across  the knuckles of his  fist,  his  thumb pressing  the 

handle into his closing fingers, so that in the second before 

the half-drawn pistol  exploded he actually struck at  the 

white man's throat not with the blade but with a sweeping 


blow of his fist,  following through in the same motion so 

that not even the first jet of blood touched his hand or arm. 

                                 2. 

   After it  was over—it  didn't take long; they found the 

prisoner on the following day, hanging from the bell-rope 

in a negro schoolhouse about two miles from the sawmill, 

and the coroner had pronounced his verdict of death at 

the hands of a person or persons unknown and surrendered 

the body to its  next of kin all  within five minutes—the 

sheriff s  deputy who had been officially  in charge of the 

business was telling his wife about it.        They were in the 

kitchen. His wife was cooking supper. The deputy had 

beei\ out of bed and in motion ever since the jail delivery 

shortly before midnight of yesterday and had covered con- 

siderable ground since, and he was spent now from lack 

of sleep and hurried food at hurried and curious hours and, 

 sitting in a chair beside the stove, a little hysterical too. 

   ^Them damn niggers," he said. *1 swear to godfrey, it s 

a wonder we have as little  trouble with them as we do. 

Because why? Because they aint human. They look like 

a man and they walk on their hind legs like a man, and 

 they can talk and you can understand them and you think 

 they are understanding you, at least now and then. But 

when it  comes to the normal human feelings and senti- 

ments of human beings, they might just as well be a damn 

                                                                   " 

herd of wild buffaloes. Now you take this one today 

    *1 wish you would,” his wife said harshly. She was a 

 stout woman, handsome once, graying now and with a 

 neck definitely too short, who looked not harried at all but 

 composed in fact, only choleric. Also, she had attended a 

                 PANTALOON IN BLACK                              155 

club rook-party that afternoon and had won the first,  the 

fifty-cent, prize until another member had insisted oni  a 

recount of the scores and the ultimate throwing out of o le 

entire game. ‘Take him out of my kitchen, anyway. Y m 

sheriffs! Sitting around that courthouse all day long, ta k- 

ing. Its no wonder two or three men can walk in and take 

prisoners out from under y< »ur very noses. They would take 

your chairs and desks and window sills  too if you ever           ot 

                                                                j 

your feet and backsides off of them that long.*^ 

   “It^s more of them Birdsongs than just two or three,” the 

deputy said. “There's forty two active votes in that connt c- 

tion. Me and Maydew taken the poll-list and counted them 

                       — 

one day. But listen       ” The wife turned from the stove, 

carrying a dish. The deputy snatched his feet rapidly out 

of the way as she passed him, passed almost over him, and 

went into the dining room. The deputy raised his voice a 

little to carry the increased distance: “His wife dies on him. 

All right. But does he grieve? He's the biggest and busiest 

man at the funeral. Grabs a shovel before they even got the 

box into the grave they tell me, and starts throwing dirt 

onto her faster than a slip scraper could have done it.  But 

                — 

that's all right   '' His wife came back. He moved his feet 

again and altered his voice again to  the altered  range: 

“ 

 —maybe that's how he felt  about her.  There aint any 

law against a man rushing his wife into the ground, pro- 

vided he never had nothing to do with rushing her to the 

cemetery too. But here the next day he's the first man back 

at work except the fireman, getting back to the mill before 

the fireman had his fire  going, let  alone steam up; five 

minutes earlier and he could even have helped the fire- 

man wake Birdsong up so Birdsong could go home and go 


back to bed again, or he could even have cut Birdsong's 

throat then and saved everybody trouble. 

   ''So he comes to work, the first man on the job, when 

'McAndrews and everybody else expected him to take the 

day oflF since even a nigger couldn't want no better excuse 

for a holiday than he had just buried his wife, when a 

white man would have took the day off out of pure respect 

no matter how he felt about his wife, when even a little 

child would have had sense enough to take a day off when 

he would still  get paid for it  too.  But not him. The first 

man there, jumping from one log truck to another before 

the starting whistle quit blowing even, snatching up ten- 

foot cypress logs by himself and throwing them around like 

matches. And then, when everybody had finally decided 

thaUthat's the way to take him, the way he wants to be 

took, he walks off the job in the middle of the afternoon 

without by-your-leave or much obliged or goodbye to Mc- 

Andrews or nobody else, gets himself a whole gallon of bust- 

skull white-mule whisky, comes straight back to the mill 

and to the same crap game where Birdsong has been run- 

ning crooked dice on them mill niggers for fifteen years, 

goes straight to the same game where he has been peace- 

fully losing a probably steady average ninety-nine percent 

of his pay ever since he got big enough to read the spots 

on them miss-out dice, and cuts Birdsong's throat clean to 

the neckbone five minutes later."  The wife passed him 

again and went to the dining room. Again he drew his feet 

back and raised his voice: 

   "Some and Maydew go out there. Not that we expected 

to do any good, as he had probably passed Jackson, Ten- 

nessee, about daylight; and besides, the simplest way to find 

him would be just to stay close behind them Birdsong boys. 

               PANTALOON IN BLACK                          157 

Of course there wouldn’t be nothing hardly worth bring- 

ing back to town after they did find him, but it would close 

the case. So it’s  just by the merest chance that we go  )y 

his house; I dont even remember why we went now, b at 

we did; and there he is.    Sitting behind the barred frc it 

door with a open razor on one knee and a loaded shotg' .n 

on the other? No. He was isleep. A big pot of field peas et 

clean empty on the stove, and him laying in the back ya *d 

asleep in the broad sun with just his head under the ed.je 

of the porch in the shade and a dog that looked like a cn^ss 

between a bear and a Polled Angus steer yelling fire and 

murder from the back door. And we wake him and }ie 

sets up and says,  ^Awright, white folks. Ah done it.  Jest 

dont lock me up,’ and Maydew says,  ^Mr Birdsong’s kin- 

folks aint going to lock you up neither. You’ll have plenty 

of fresh air when they get hold of you,’ and he says,  ‘Ah 

done it.  Jest dont lock me up’—advising, instructing the 

sheriff not to lock him up; he done it all right and it’s too 

bad but it  aint convenient for him to be cut off from the 

fresh air at the moment. So we loaded him into the car, 

when here come the old woman—his ma or aunt or some- 

      — 

thing   ^panting up the road at a dog-trot, wanting to come 

with us too,  and Maydew trying to explain to her what 

would maybe happen to her too if         them Birdsong kin 

catches us before we can get him locked up, only she is 

coming anyway, and like Maydew says, her being in the 

car too might be a good thing if the Birdsongs did happen 

to run into us, because after all interference with the law 

cant be condoned even if  the Birdsong connection did 

carry that beat for Maydew last summer. 

   “So we brought her along too and got him to town and 

into the jail all right and turned him over to Ketcham and 


Ketcham taken him on up stairs and the old woman coming 

too, right on up to the cell, telling Ketcham, ^Ah tried to 

raise him right. He was a good boy. He aint never been 

in no trouble till  now. He will suffer for what he done. 

But dont let the white folks get him,' until Ketcham says, 

*Yon and him ought to thought of that before he started 

barbering white men without using no later first.'     So he 

locked them both up in the cell because he felt like May- 

dew did, that her being in there with him might be a good 

influence on the Birdsong boys if  anything started if  he 

should happen to be running for sheriff or something when 

Maydew's term was up. So Ketcham come on back down 

stairs and pretty soon the chain gang come in and went 

on up to the bull pen and he thought things had settled 

down for a while when all of a sudden he begun to hear the 

yelling, not howling: yelling, though there wasn't no words 

 in it,  and he grabbed his pistol and run back up stairs to 

 the bull pen where the chain gang was and Ketcham could 

 see  into  the  cell where the  old  woman was  kind  of 

 squinched down in one corner and where that nigger had 

 done tore that iron cot clean out of the floor it was bolted 

 to and was standing in the middle of the cell, holding the 

 cot over his head like it was a baby's cradle, yelling, and 

 says to the old woman, ‘Ah aint goan hurt you,' and throws 

 the cot against the wall and comes and grabs holt of that 

 steel barred door and rips it  out of the wall, bricks hinges 

 and all,  and walks out of the cell toting the door over his 

 head like it was a gauze window-screen, hollering, “It's aw- 

 right. It's awright. Ah aint trying to git away.' 

   “Of course Ketcham could have shot him right there, but 

 like he said, if it wasn't going to be the law, then them 

 Birdsong boys ought to  have the  first  lick  at  him.  So 

               PANTALOON IN BLACK                          159 

Ketcham dont shoot. Instead, he jumps in behind whcTC 

them chain gang niggers was kind of backed off from tliat 

steel door, hollering, ^Grab him! Throw him down!* exo pt 

the niggers hung back at first  too until Ketcham gets in 

where he can kick the ones he can reach, batting at the 

others with the flat of the pistol until they rush him. A id 

Ketcham says that for a full minute that nigger would       ah 

                                                         g 

them as they come in and fling them clean across the ro- m 

like they was rag dolls,  saying,  ‘Ah aint tryin to git 0 it. 

Ah aint tryin to git out,* until at last they pulled him down 

—a big mass of nigger ht ads and arms and legs boiliag 

around on the floor  and even then Ketcham says every 

now and then a nigger would come flying out and go sail- 

ing through the air across the room, spraddled out like a 

flying squirrel and with his eyes sticking out like car head- 

lights, until at last they had him down and Ketcham went 

in and begun peeling away niggers until he could see him 

laying there under the pile of them, laughing, with tears 

big as glass marbles running across his face and down past 

his ears and making a kind of popping sound on the floor 

 like somebody dropping bird eggs, laughing and laughing 

 and saying, ‘Hit look lack Ah just cant quit thinking. Look 

 lack Ah just cant quit.* And what do you think of that?** 

   “I think if you eat any supper in this house you’ll do it 

 in the next five minutes,** his wife said from the dining 

 room. “Lm going to clear this table then and Tm going to 

 the picture show.** 

The Old Pcopl 

                                 ^OC^TUC^TOi^^iOi^tOi^ TW^TOi^ TOC^^Wi^^aiOi^TOl TUI 

                                    I. 

A.T FIRST there was notliing. There was the faint, co d, 

steady rain, the gray and constant light of the late Nove n- 

ber dawn, with the voices of the hounds converging some- 

where in it and toward them. Then Sam Fathers, standing 

just behind the boy as he had been standing when the boy 

shot his first running rabbit with his first gun and almost 

with the first load it ever carried, touched his shoulder and 

he began to shake, not with any cold. Then the buck was 

there. He did not come into sight; he was just there, look- 

 ing not like a ghost but as if all  of light were condensed 

 in him and he were the source of it,  not only moving in it 

but disseminating it,  already running, seen first as you al- 

ways see the deer, in that split second after he has already 

 seen you, already slanting away in that first soaring bound, 

 the antlers  even in  that dim light looking like  a  small 

 rocking-chair balanced on his head. 

    ‘‘Now,'' Sam Fathers said, “shoot quick, and slow." 

    The boy did not remember that shot at all.  He would 

 live to be eighty, as his father and his father's twin brother 

 and their father in his turn had lived to be, but he would 

 never hear that shot nor remember even the shock of the 

 gun-butt. He didn't even remember what he did with the 

                                   163 

i 64               go down, MOSES 

gun afterward. He was running. Then he was standing 

over the buck where it  lay on the wet earth still  in the 

attitude of speed and not looking at all dead, standing over 

it shaking and jerking, with Sam Fathers beside him again, 

extending the knife. 'Dontwalk up to him in front,” Sam 

said. '‘If he aint dead, he will cut you all to pieces with his 

feet. Walk up to him from behind and take him by the 

horn first,  so you can hold his head down until you can 

jump away. Then slip your other hand down and hook your 

fingers in his nostrils.” 

   The boy did that—drew the head back and the throat 

taut and drew Sam Fathers^ knife across the throat and 

Sam stooped and dipped his hands in the hot smoking blood 

and wiped them hack and forth across the boy s face. Then 

Samis horn rang in the wet gray woods and again and 

again; there was a boiling wave of dogs about them, with 

Tennie s Jim and Boon Hogganbeck whipping them back 

after each had had a taste of the blood, then the men, the 

              — 

true hunters     ^Walter Ewell whose rifle never missed, and 

Major de Spain and old General Compson and the boy^s 

 cousin, McCaslin Edmonds, grandson of his father s  sis- 

ter,  sixteen years his senior and, since both he and Mc- 

Caslin were only children and the boy s  father had been 

nearing seventy when he was born, more his brother than 

his cousin and more his father than either—sitting their 

 horses and looking down at them: at the old man of seventy 

 who had been a negro for two generations now but whose 

 face and bearing were still  those of the Chickasaw chief 

who had been his father; and the white boy of twelve with 

 the prints of the bloody hands on his face, who had nothing 

 to do now but stand straight and not let  the trembling 

 show. 

                  THE OLD PEOPLE                         165 

   ‘T)id he do all right, Sam?” his cousin McCaslin said. 

   ''He done all right,” Sam Fathers said. 

   They were the white b(*y, marked forever, and the (Id 

dark man sired on both sides by savage kings, who hid 

marked him, whose bloody hands had merely formally c( n- 

secrated him to that whiclx, under the man^s tutelage,    le 

had already accepted, humbly and joyfully, with abnega- 

tion and with pride too;  the hands, the touch, the fi    st 

worthy blood which he hiid been found at last worthy to 

draw, joining him and th<    man forever, so that the m in 

would continue to live past the boys seventy years a id 

then eighty years, long after the man himself had entered 

the earth as chiefs and kings entered it;—the child, riOt 

yet a man, whose grandfather had lived in the same coun- 

try  and in almost the same manner as  the boy himself 

would grow up to live, leaving his descendants in the land 

in his turn as his grandfather had done, and the old man 

past seventy whose grandfathers had owned the land long 

before the white men ever saw it  and who had vanished 

 from it  now with all  their kind, what of blood they left 

behind them running now in another race and for a while 

even in bondage and now drawing toward the end of its 

alien and irrevocable course, barren, since Sam Fathers had 

no children. 

   His father was Ikkemotubbe himself, who had named 

                                            — 

 himself Doom. Sam told the boy about that     ^how Ikkemo- 

 tubbe, old Issetibbeha s sister s son, had run away to New 

Orleans in his youth and returned seven years later with a 

 French companion calling himself the Chevalier Soeur- 

 Blonde de Vitry, who must have been the Ikkemotubbe 

 of his family too and who was already addressing Ikkemo- 

 tubbe as Du Homme;—returned, came home again, with 


his foreign Aramis and the quadroon slave woman who 

was to be Sam’s mother, and a gold-laced hat and coat and 

a wicker wine-hamper containing a litter of month-old pup- 

pies and a gold snuif-box filled with a white powder re- 

sembling fine sugar. And how he was met at the River 

landing by three or four companions of his bachelor youth, 

and while the light of a smoking torch gleamed on the glit- 

tering braid of the hat and coat Doom squatted in the mud 

of the land and took one of the puppies from the hamper 

and put a pinch of the white powder on its  tongue and 

the puppy died before the one who was holding it  could 

cast it  away. And how they returned to the Plantation 

where Issetibbeha, dead now, had been succeeded by his 

son. Doom’s fat cousin Moketubbe, and the next day Moke- 

tubbe’s eight-year-old son died suddenly and that afternoon, 

in the presence of Moketubbe and most of the others (the 

People, Sam Fathers called them) Doom produced another 

puppy from the wine-hamper and put a pinch of the white 

powder  on  its   tongue  and Moketubbe  abdicated  and 

Doom became in fact The Man which his French friend 

already called him. And how on the day after that, during 

the ceremony of accession. Doom pronounced a marriage 

between the pregnant quadroon and one of the slave men 

which he had just inherited (thatwas how Sam Fathers got 

his name, which in Chickasaw had been Had-Two-Fathers) 

and two years later sold the man and woman and the child 

who was his own son to his white neighbor, Carothers 

McCaslin. 

   That was seventy years ago. The Sam Fathers whom 

 the boy knew was already sixty— man not tall,          squat 

 rather, almost sedentary, flabby-looking though he actually 

was not, with hair like a horse’s mane which even at sev- 

                   THE OLD PEOPLE                          167 

enty showed no trace of white and a face which showed 

no age until he smiled, whose only visible trace of neg ro 

blood was a slight dullness of the hair and the fingemai Is, 

and something else which you did notice about the ey *,s, 

which you noticed because it was not always there, only in 

repose and not always then—something not in their sha pe 

nor pigment but in their expression, and the boys cou in 

McCaslin told  him what that was:  not the heritage  of 

Ham, not  the mark of  servitude but  of  bondage;  the 

knowledge that for a while that part of his blood had been 

the blood of slaves.  'Tike an old lion or a bear in a cage,'' 

McCaslin said. "He was born in the cage and has been in 

it all  his  life; he knows nothing else.    Then he smells 

something. It might be anything, any breeze blowing past 

anything and then into his nostrils. But there for a second 

was the hot sand or the cane-brake that he never even saw 

himself, might not even know if he did see it  and prob- 

 ably does know he couldn't hold his own with it         if  he 

got back to it.  But that's not what he smells then. It was 

 the cage he smelled. He hadn't smelled the cage until that 

minute. Then the hot sand or the brake blew into his nos- 

trils and blew away, and all he could smell was the cage. 

 That's what makes his eyes look like that." 

   "Then let him go!" the boy cried. "Let him go!" 

   His cousin laughed shortly. Then he stopped laughing, 

making the sound that is.  It had never been laughing. "His 

 cage aint McCaslins," he said. "He was a wild man. When 

 he was bom, all his blood on both sides, except the little 

 white part, knew things that had been tamed out of our 

 blood so long ago that we have not only forgotten them, 

 we have to live together in herds to protect ourselves from 

 our own sources. He was the direct son not only of a war- 


rior but of a chief. Then he grew up and began to leam 

things, and all of a sudden one day he found out that he 

had been betrayed, the blood of the warriors and chiefs had 

been betrayed. Not by his father,'' he added quickly. *'He 

probably never held it  against old Doom for selling him 

and his mother into slavery, because he probably believed 

the damage was already done before then and it was the 

same warriors' and chiefs' blood in him and Doom both 

that was betrayed  through the black blood  which his 

mother gave him. Not betrayed by the black blood and 

not wilfully betrayed by his mother, but betrayed by her 

all the same, who had bequeathed him not only the blood 

of slaves but even a little of the very blood which had en- 

slaved it;  himself his own battleground, the scene of his 

ownwanquishment and the mausoleum of his defeat. His 

 cage aint us," McCaslin said.  ''Did you ever know any- 

body yet,  even your father and Uncle Buddy, that ever 

 told him to do or not do anything that he ever paid any 

attention to?" 

   That was true. The boy first remembered him as sitting 

 in the door of the plantation blacksmith-shop, where he 

 sharpened plow-points  and mended tools  and even did 

 rough carpenter-work when he was not in the woods. And 

 sometimes, even when the woods had not drawn him, even 

 with the shop cluttered with work which the farm waited 

 on, Sam would sit there, doing nothing at all  for half a 

 day or a whole one, and no man, neither the boy's father 

 and twin uncle in their day nor his cousin McCaslin after 

 he became practical though not yet titular master, ever to 

 say to him, "I want this finished by sundown" or  "why 

 wasn't this done yesterday?" And once each year,  in the 

 late fall, in November, the boy would watch the wagon, 

                     THE OLD PEOPLE                              169 

                                                             — 

the hooped canvas top erected now, being loaded                 ^^he 

food, hams and sausage from the smokehouse, coffee snd 

flour and molasses from th(  commissary, a whole beef kil ed 

just last night for the dogs until there would be meat in 

camp, the crate containing the dogs themselves, then  he 

bedding, the guns, the horns and lanterns and axes, and lis 

cousin McCaslin and Sam Fathers in their hunting clot les 

would mount to the seat und with Tennie's Jim sitting on 

the dog-crate they would drive away to Jefferson, to             )in 

                                                               j 

Major de Spain and Gene ral Compson and Boon Hogg in- 

beck and Walter Ewell and go on into the big bottom of 

the Tallahatchie where the deer and bear were,  to be 

gone two weeks. But before the wagon was even loaded the 

boy would find that he could watch no longer. He would 

go away, running almost, to stand behind the comer where 

he could not see the wagon and nobody could see him, not 

crying, holding himself rigid except for the trembling, whis- 

pering to himself: ^^Soon now. Soon now. Just three more 

years” (or two more or one more) ‘^and I will be ten. Then 

Cass said I can go.” 

   White man s work, when Sam did work. Because he did 

nothing else;  farmed no alloted acres of his own, as the 

other ex-slaves of old Carothers McCaslin did, performed 

no field-work for daily wages as the younger and newer 

negroes did—and the boy never knew just how that had 

been settled between Sam and old Carothers, or perhaps 

with old Carothers’ twin sons after him. For, although Sam 

lived among the negroes, in a cabin among the other cabins 

in the quarters, and consorted with negroes  (what of con- 

sorting with anyone Sam did after the boy got big enough 

to walk alone from the house to the blacksmith-shop and 

then to carry a gun) and dressed like them and talked like 


them and even went with them to the negro church now 

and then, he was still the son of that Chickasaw chief and 

the negroes knew it.  And, it  seemed to the boy, not only 

negroes.  Boon Hogganbeck's  grandmother had been  a 

Chickasaw woman too,  and although the blood had run 

white since and Boon was a white man, it was not chief's 

blood. To the boy at least, the difference was apparent im- 

mediately you saw Boon and Sam together, and even Boon 

seemed to know it was there—even Boon, to whom in his 

tradition it had never occurred that anyone might be better 

bom than himself. A man might be smarter, he admitted 

that, or richer  (luckier, he called it) but not better bom. 

Boon was a mastiff, absolutely faithful, dividing his fidel- 

ity equally between Major de Spain and the boys cousin 

McGaslin, absolutely dependent for his very bread and di- 

viding that impartially too between Major de Spain and 

McCaslin, hardy, generous, courageous enough, a slave to 

all  the appetites and almost unratiocinative.  In the boy's 

eyes at least it was Sam Fathers, the negro, who bore him- 

self not only toward his cousin McCaslin and Major de 

Spain but toward all white men, with gravity and dignity 

and without servility or recourse to that impenetrable wall 

of ready and easy mirth which negroes sustain between 

themselves and white men, bearing himself toward his 

cousin McCaslin not only as one man to another but as 

an older man to a younger. 

   He taught the boy the woods, to hunt, when to shoot 

 and when not to shoot, when to kill and when not to kill, 

 and better, what to do with it  afterward. Then he would 

 talk to the boy, the two of them sitting beneath the close 

 fierce stars on a summer hilltop while they waited for the 

hounds to bring the fox back within hearing, or beside 

                   THE OLD PEOPLE                          171 

a fire in the November or December woods while the dogs 

worked out a coon's trail along the creek, or fireless in t le 

pitch dark and heavy dew oF April mornings while th *y 

squatted beneath a  turkev-roost.  The boy would ne\ er 

question him; Sam did n<»t  react to questions.  The b )y 

would just wait and then listen  and Sam would beg: a, 

talking about the old days and the People whom he h id 

not had time ever to know md so could not remember ( le 

did not remember ever ha\ ing seen his fathers face), a; id 

in place of whom the other race into which his blood h td 

run supplied him with no substitute. 

   And as he talked about those old times and those deid 

and vanished men of another race  from either that tlie 

boy knew, gradually to  the boy those old  times would 

cease to be old times and would become a part of the boy's 

present, not only as if  they had happened yesterday but 

as  if they were still   happening,  the men who walked 

through them actually  walking in  breath  and air  and 

casting an actual shadow on the earth they had not quitted. 

And more: as if some of them had not happened yet but 

would occur tomorrow, until at last it  would seem to the 

boy that he himself had not come into existence yet, that 

none of his race nor the other subject race which his people 

had brought with them into the land had come here yet; 

that although it  had been his grandfather s  and then his 

father's and uncle's and was now his cousin's and some- 

day would be his own land which he and Sam hunted 

 over, their hold upon it actually was as trivial and without 

 reality as the now faded and archaic script in the chancery 

book in Jefferson which allocated it to them and that it was 

he, the boy, who was the guest here and Sam Father's 

voice the mouthpiece of the host. 


   Until three years ago there had been two of them, the 

other a full-blood Chickasaw, in  a  sense even more in- 

credibly lost than Sam Fathers. He called himself Jobaker, 

as if it  were one word. Nobody knew his history at alL 

He was a hermit, living in a foul little  shack at the forks 

of the creek five miles from the plantation and about that 

far from any other habitation.  He was a market hunter 

and fisherman and he consorted with nobody, black or 

white; no negro would even cross his path and no man 

dared approach his hut except Sam. And perhaps once a 

month the boy would find them in Sam^s shop—two old 

men squatting on their heels on the dirt floor, talking in a 

mixture of negroid English and flat hill dialect and now 

and then a phrase of that old tongue which as time went 

on aiid the boy squatted there too listening, he began to 

learn. Then Jobaker died. That is, nobody had seen him in 

some time. Then one morning Sam was missing, nobody, 

not even the boy, knew when nor where, until that night 

when some negroes hunting in the creek bottom saw the 

sudden burst of flame and approached. It  was Jobaker^s 

hut, but before they got anywhere near it,     someone shot 

at them from the shadows beyond it.  It was Sam who fired, 

but nobody ever found Jobaker s grave. 

   The next morning, sitting at breakfast with his cousin, 

 the boy saw Sam pass the dining-room window and he 

 remembered then that never in his life before had he seen 

 Sam nearer  the  house  than  the  blacksmith-shop.      He 

stopped eating even; he sat there and he and his cousin 

both heard the voices from beyond the pantry door, then 

 the door opened and Sam entered, carrying his hat in his 

 hand but without knocking as anyone else on the place 

 except a house servant would have done, entered just far 

                     THE OLD PEOPLE                                173 

enough for the door to close behind him and stood looking 

at  neither  of  them—the  Indian face  above the  nigger 

clothes, looking at something over their heads or at some- 

thing not even in the room. 

   ‘1 want to go,’' he said. '  I want to go to the Big Bottom 

to live.” 

    ‘To live?” the boy s cousin said. 

   “At Major de Spain’s and your camp, where you go ':o 

hunt,” Sam said. “I could take care of it  for you all wh: ie 

you aint there. I will build me a little house in the wooc 3 

                                                                     , 

if you rather I didn’t stay m the big one.” 

   “What about Isaac here^” his  cousin said.  “How w 11 

you get away from him? Are you going to take him with 

you?” But still     Sam looked at neither of them, standing 

just inside the room with that face which showed nothing, 

which showed that  he was an old  man only when it 

smiled. 

   “I want to go,” he said. “Let me go.” 

   “Yes,”  the cousin said  quietly.  “Of course.  I’ll         fix  it 

with Major de Spain. You want to go soon?” 

   “I’m going now,” Sam said. He went out. And that was 

all. The boy was nine then; it          seemed perfectly natural 

that nobody, not even his cousin McCaslin, should argue 

with Sam. Also, since he was nine now, he could under- 

stand that Sam could leave him and their days and nights 

in the woods together without any wrench. He believed 

that he and Sam both knew that this was not only tem- 

porary but that the exigencies of his maturing, of that for 

which Sam had been training him all his life some day to 

dedicate himself, required it.       They had settled that one 

night  last   summer while  they  listened  to  the  hounds 

bringing a fox back up the creek valley; now the boy dis- 


cemed in that very talk under the high>  fierce August 

stars a presage, a warning, of this moment today.        done 

taught you all there is of this settled country,*' Sam said. 

**You can hunt it  good as I can now. You are ready for 

the Big Bottom now, for bear and deer. Hunter s meat," 

he said. *'Next year you will be ten. You will write your 

age in two numbers and you will be ready to become a 

man. Your pa"  (Samalways referred to the boy's cousin as 

his father, establishing even before the boy's orphanhood 

did that  relation between them not of  the ward to his 

guardian and kinsman and chief and head of his blood, but 

of the child to the man who sired his flesh and his thinking 

too.)  ^promised you can go with us then."  So the boy 

could understand Sam's going. But he couldn't understand 

why^now, in  March, six  months before  the moon for 

hunting. 

   ^If Jobaker's dead like they say," he said,  ^  and Sam 

hasn't got anybody but us at all kin to him, why does he 

want to go to the Big Bottom novv^,  when it  will be six 

months before we get there?" 

   ^^Maybe that's what he wants," McCaslin said.  ‘^Maybe 

he wants to get away from you a little while." 

   But that was all right. McCaslin and other grown people 

often said things like that and he paid no attention to them, 

just as he paid no attention to Sam saying he wanted to 

go to the Big Bottom to live. After all,  he would have to 

live there for six months, because there would be no use 

in going at all  if he was going to turn right around and 

 come back. And, as Sam himself had told him, he already 

 knew all  about hunting in this settled country that Sam 

or anybody else could teach him. So it would be all right. 

Summer, then the bright days after the first frost, then the 

                   THE OLD PEOPLE                           175 

cold and himself on the wagon with McCaslin this time 

and the moment would come and he would draw the bloo<l, 

the big blood which would make him a man, a hunter, and 

Sam would come back home with them and he too wou d 

have outgrown the child's j'ursuit of rabbits and possum 

Then he too would make one before the winter fire, talkir 

                                                             g 

of the old hunts and the hunts to come as hunters talke 1. 

   So Sam departed.  He «     wned so  little  that  he cou d 

carry it.  He walked. He w» mid neither let McCaslin ser d 

him in the wagon, nor take a mule to ride. No one saw b s 

go even. He was just gone one morning, the cabin whit h 

had never had very much in it, vacant and empty, the she 

                                                             p 

in which there never had l)een very much done, standing 

idle. Then November came at last, and now the boy made 

one—himself and his cousin McCaslin and Tennie's Jim, 

and Major de Spain and General Compson and Walter 

Ewell and Boon and old Uncle Ash to do the cooking, 

waiting for them in Jefferson with the other wagon, and 

the surrey in which he and McCaslin and General Comp- 

son and Major de Spain would ride. 

   Sam was waiting at the camp to meet them. If he was 

glad to see them, he did not show it.  And if,  when they 

broke camp two weeks later to return home, he was sorry 

to see them go, he did not show that either. Because he did 

not come back with them. It was only the boy who re- 

turned, returning solitary and alone to the settled familiar 

land, to follow for eleven months the childish business of 

rabbits and such while he waited to go back, having brought 

with him, even from his brief first sojourn, an unforgettable 

 sense of the big woods—not a quality dangerous or particu- 

 larly inimical, but profound, sentient, gigantic and brood- 

 ing, amid which he had been permitted to go to and fro 


at will, unscathed, why he knew not, but dwarfed and, 

until he had drawn honorably blood worthy of being drawn, 

alien. 

   Then November, and they would come back.  Each 

morning Sam would take the boy out to the stand allotted 

him. It would be one of the poorer stands of course, since 

he was only ten and eleven and twelve and he had never 

even seen a deer running yet. But they would stand there, 

Sam a little behind him and without a gun himself, as he 

had been standing when the boy shot the running rabbit 

when he was eight years old. They would stand there in 

the November dawns, and after a while they would hear 

the dogs. Sometimes the chase would sweep up and past 

quite  close,  belling  and invisible;  once they heard  the 

two heavy reports of Boon Hogganbeck's old  gun with 

which he had never killed anything larger than a squir- 

rel  and that sitting,  and twice they heard the flat  unre- 

verberant clap of Walter Ewells rifle,          following which 

you did not even wait to hear his horn. 

   *T11 never get a shot,'' the boy said. ‘Til never kill one." 

   **Yes you will," Sam said. ‘‘You wait. You'll be a hunter. 

You'll be a man." 

   But Sam wouldn't come out.  They would leave him 

 there. He would come as far as the road where the surrey 

waited, to take the riding horses back, and that was all. 

The men would ride  the horses  and Uncle Ash and 

Tennie's Jim and the boy would follow  in  the wagon 

with Sam, with the camp equipment and the trophies, 

the meat, the heads, the antlers, the good ones, the wagon 

winding on among the tremendous gums and cypresses and 

oaks where no axe save that of the hunter had ever sounded, 

between the impenetrable walls of  cane and brier—the 

two changing yet constant walls just beyond which the 

                     THE OLD PEOPLE                             177 

wilderness whose mark he had brought away forever on 

his spirit even from that first  two weeks seemed to lear, 

stooping a little,  watching them and listening, not quit J 

inimical because they were too small, even those such 2 > 

Walter and Major de Spain md old General Compson wh > 

had killed many deer and b<!ar, their sojourn too brief an 1 

too harmless to  excite  to t!iat,  but just brooding,  secre , 

tremendous, almost inattentive. 

   Then they would emergt ,       they would be out of it,  tb 5 

line as sharp as the demaroation of a doored wall.  Sue - 

denly skeleton  cotton-  and corn-fields  would flow awa f 

on either hand, gaunt and motionless beneath the gra/ 

rain;  there would be a house, barns,  fences, where the 

hand of man had clawed for an instant, holding, the wall 

 of the wilderness behind them now, tremendous and still 

 and seemingly impenetrable in the gray and fading light, 

the very tiny orifice through which they had emerged ap- 

parently swallowed up. The surrey would be waiting, his 

cousin McCaslin and Major de Spain and General Gomp- 

 son and Walter and Boon dismounted beside  it.              Then 

 Sam would get down from the wagon and mount one of the 

 horses and, with the others  on a  rope behind him, he 

 would turn back. The boy would watch him for a while 

 against  that  tall and secret  wall,  growing smaller  and 

 smaller against it,   never looking back.  Then he would 

 enter it,  returning to what the boy believed, and thought 

 that his cousin McCaslin believed, was his loneliness and 

 solitude. 

                                 2. 

    So the instant came. He pulled trigger and Sam Fathers 

 marked his face with the hot blood which he had spilled 


and he ceased to be a child and became a hunter and a 

man. It was the last day. They broke camp that afternoon 

and went out, his cousin and Major de Spain and General 

Compson and Boon on the horses, Walter Ewell and the 

negroes in the wagon with him and Sam and his hide and 

antlers. There could have been (and were) other trophies 

in the wagon. But for him they did not exist, just as for 

all practical purposes he and Sam Fathers were still  alone 

together as they had been that morning. The wagon wound 

and jolted between the slow and shifting yet constant walls 

from beyond and above which the wilderness watched them 

pass, less than inimical now and never to be inimical again 

 since the buck still  and forever leaped, the shaking gun- 

barrels coming constantly and forever steady at last, crash- 

ing, gnd still  out of his instant of immortality the buck 

        forever immortal;   the        jolting     bouncing 

 sprang,                  —  wagon             and 

 on, the moment of the buck, the shot,  Sam Fathers and 

himself and the blood with which Sam had marked him 

 forever one with the wilderness which had accepted him 

 since Sam said that he had done all right, when suddenly 

 Sam reined back and stopped the wagon and they all 

 heard the unmistakable and unforgettable sound of a deer 

 breaking cover. 

   Then Boon shouted from beyond the bend of the trail 

 and while they sat motionless in the halted wagon, Walter 

 and the boy already reaching for their guns. Boon came 

 galloping back, flogging his mule with his hat,  his  face 

 wild and amazed as he shouted down at them. Then the 

 other riders came around the bend, also spurring. 

    ‘‘Get the dogs!'' Boon cried.  ‘'Get the dogs! If he had a 

 nub on his head, he had fourteen points!  Laying right 

 there by the road in that pawpaw thicket! If I'd a knowed 

                    THE OLD PEOPLE                            179 

he was there, I could have cut his throat with my pocket 

knife!'' 

   ^^Maybe that's why he run," Walter said. *^He saw you 

never had your gun." He vas already out of the wagon 

with his rifle. Then the boy was out too with his gun, anc 

the other riders came up an<: Boon got off his mule some 

how and was scrabbling and clawing among the dulfe 

in the wagon, still shouting,  'Get the dogs! Get the dogs!' 

And it  seemed to the boy to*) that it would take them for 

ever to decide what to do—tiie old men in whom the blooc* 

ran cold and slow, in whom during the intervening yean 

between them and himself the blood had become a dif 

ferent and colder substance from that which ran in him 

and even in Boon and Walter. 

    'Whatabout it,  Sam?" Major de Spain said. "Gould the 

dogs bring him back?" 

    'Wewont need the dogs," Sam said.  "If he dont hear 

 the dogs behind him, he will circle back in here about 

 sundown to bed." 

   "All right," Major de Spain said.  "You boys take the 

horses.  We'll go on out to  the road in the wagon and 

wait there." He and General Gompson and McCaslin got 

 into the wagon and Boon and Walter and Sam and the 

boy mounted the horses and turned back and out of the 

 trail.  Sam led them for an hour through the gray and un- 

 marked afternoon whose light  was little  different  from 

 what it had been at dawn and which would become dark- 

 ness without any graduation between. Then Sam stopped 

 them. 

    "This is far enough," he said. "He'll be coming upwind, 

 and he dont want to  smell the mules."  They tied  the 

 mounts in a thicket. Sam led them on foot now, unpathed 


through the markless afternoon, the boy pressing close be- 

hind him, the two others, or so it  seemed to the boy, on 

his heels. But they were not. Twice Sam turned his head 

slightly and spoke back to him across his  shoulder, still 

walking: *'You got time. Well get there fore he does.^^ 

   So he tried  to go slower. He tried deliberately to de- 

celerate the dizzy rushing of time in which the buck which 

he had not even seen was moving, which it seemed to him 

must be carrying the buck farther and farther and more 

and more irretrievably away from them even though there 

were no dogs behind him now to make him run, even 

though, according to  Sam, he must have completed his 

circle now and was heading back toward them. They went 

on; it  could have been another hour or twice that or less 

 than half, the boy could not have said. Then they were on 

 a ridge. He had never been in here before and he could 

 not see that it  was a ridge. He just knew that the earth 

 had risen slightly because the underbrush had thinned a 

 little,  the ground sloping invisibly away toward a dense 

 wall of cane. Sam stopped. ‘'This is it,^'  he said. He spoke 

                          : 

 to Walter and Boon  “Follow this ridge and you will come 

 to two crossings. You will see the tracks. If he crosses, it 

 will be at one of these three.^' 

    Walter looked about for a moment. “I know it,*'  he said. 

 ‘Tve even seen your deer. I was in here last Monday. He 

 aint nothing but a yearling.” 

    “A yearling?”  Boon said.  He was panting  from the 

 walking. His face still  looked a little wild. “If the one I 

 saw was any yearling, Fm still  in kindergarden.” 

    “Then I must have seen a rabbit,” Walter said.  “I al- 

 ways heard you quit school altogether two years before 

 the first grade.” 

                    THE OLD PEOPLE                           i8i 

   Boon glared at Walter.        you dont want to shoot him, 

get out of the way/^ he said.  ^'Set down somewhere. Bj 

             " 

God, I 

   ‘'Aint nobody going to shoot him standing here,” San 

said quietly. 

   ‘‘Sam's right,”  Walter said.    He moved,  slanting  th< 

worn, silver-colored barrel cf his rifle  downward to wall 

with it again. “A little more moving and a little more quie^ 

too. Five miles is still Hoggaf\beck range, even if we wasn'* 

downwind.” They went on.  The boy could still hear Booi* 

talking, though presently that ceased too. Then once mon 

he and Sam stood motionless together against a tremen 

dous pin oak in a little thicket, and again there was nothing 

There was only the soaring and sombre solitude in the dim 

light,  there was the thin murmur of the faint cold rain 

which had not ceased all day. Then, as if it had waited for 

 them to find their positions and become still,  the wilder- 

ness breathed again. It seemed to lean inward above them, 

above himself and Sam and Walter and Boon in their 

separate lurking-places, tremendous, attentive, impartial and 

 omniscient, the buck moving in it somewhere, not running 

 yet since he had not been pursued, not frightened yet and 

 never fearsome but just alert also as they were alert, per- 

haps already circling back, perhaps  quite near,  perhaps 

 conscious also of the eye of the ancient immortal Umpire. 

 Because he was just twelve then, and that morning some- 

 thing had happened to him: in less than a second he had 

 ceased forever to be the child he was yesterday. Or per- 

 haps that made no difference, perhaps even a city-bred 

man, let  alone a  child,  could not  have understood  it; 

perhaps only a country-bred one could comprehend loving 

 the life he spills. He began to shake again. 

i 82                go down, MOSES 

   *Tm glad it^s  started now,’^ he whispered. He did not 

move to speak; only his lips shaped the expiring words: 

                                                          ** 

^Then it will be gone when I raise the gun 

   Nor did Sam. ''Hush/' he said. 

   "Is  he  that    near?"    the  boy  whispered.       "Do you 

             " 

think 

   "Hush," Sam said. So he hushed. But he could not stop 

the shaking. He did not try, because he knew it would go 

                                                — 

away when he  needed  the  steadiness              ^had  not  Sam 

Fathers already consecrated and absolved him from weak- 

ness and regret too?—not from love and pity for all which 

lived and ran and then ceased to live in a second in the 

very midst of splendor and speed, but from weakness and 

regret. So they stood motionless, breathing deep and quiet 

 and steady. If there had been any sun, it would be near 

 to setting now; there was a condensing, a densifying, of 

what he had thought was the gray and unchanging light 

 until he realised suddenly that it was his own breathing, 

 his heart, his blood—something, all  things, and that Sam 

 Fathers had marked him indeed, not as a mere hunter, but 

 with something Sam had had in his turn of his vanished 

 and forgotten people.  He stopped breathing then; there 

 was only his heart, his blood, and in the following silence 

 the wilderness ceased to breathe also,  leaning,  stooping 

 overhead with its breath held, tremendous and impartial 

 and waiting.  Then the shaking stopped too,  as he had 

 known it would, and he drew hack the two heavy hammers 

 of the gun. 

    Then it  had passed. It was over. The solitude did not 

 breathe again yet;  it  had merely stopped watching him 

 and was looking somewhere else,  even turning its  back 

 on him, looking on away up the ridge at another point. 

                    THE OLD PEOPLE                            183 

and the boy knew as well as if he had seen him that the 

buck had come to the edge of the cane and had either seen 

or scented them and faded back into it.  But the solitude 

did not breathe again. It should have suspired again then 

but it  did not. It was still  facing, watching, what it  had 

been watching and it  was not here,  not where he and 

Sam stood; rigid, not breathing himself, he thought, cried 

No! Noly knowing already that it  was too late,  thinking 

with the old despair of two and three years ago: Til never 

get a shot Then he heard it— -the flat single clap of Walter 

Ewells rifle which never missed. Then the mellow sound 

of the horn came down the ridge and something went out 

of him and he knew then he had never expected to get the 

shot at all. 

      reckon that^s it,'^  he said.  ‘Walter got him.^^ He had 

raised the gun slightly without knowing it.       He lowered it 

 again and had lowered one of the hammers and was al- 

 ready moving out of the thicket when Sam spoke. 

    ‘Wait." 

    ‘Wait?" the boy cried. And he would remember that 

— 

   ^how he turned upon Sam in the truculence of a boy's 

 grief over the missed opportunity, the missed luck. “What 

 for? Dont you hear that horn?" 

   And he would remember how Sam was standing. Sam 

 had not moved. He was not tall,  squat rather and broad, 

 and the boy had been growing fast for the past year or so 

 and there was not much difference between them in height, 

 yet Sam was looking over the boy's head and up the ridge 

 toward the sound of the horn and the boy knew that Sam 

 did not even see him; that Sam knew he was still  there 

 beside him but he did not see the boy. Then the boy saw 

i 84                go down, MOSES 

the buck. It was coming down the ridge,  as if  it  were 

walking out of the very sound of the horn which related 

its death. It was not running, it was walking, tremendous, 

unhurried, slanting and tilting its head to pass the antlers 

through the undergrowth, and the boy standing with Sam 

beside him now instead of behind him as Sam always stood, 

and the gun still  partly aimed and one of the hammers 

still cocked. 

   Then it  saw them. And still  it  did not begin to run. 

It just stopped for an instant, taller than any man, look- 

ing at them; then its muscles suppled, gathered. It did not 

even alter its  course, not fleeing, not even running, just 

moving with that winged and effortless ease with which 

deer move, passing within twenty feet of them, its head high 

 and^the eye not proud and not haughty but just full and 

wild and unafraid, and Sam standing beside the boy now, 

 his right arm raised at full length, palm-outward, speaking 

 in that tongue which the boy had learned from listening to 

 him and Joe Baker in the blacksmith shop, while up the 

 ridge Walter Ewells horn was still blowing them in to a 

 dead buck. 

    ^Dleh, Chief,''  Sam said.  ''Grandfather." 

   When they reached Walter, he was standing with his 

 back toward them, quite  still,      bemused almost,  looking 

 down at his feet. He didn't look up at all. 

    "Come here, Sam," he said quietly. When they reached 

 him he still did not look up, standing above a little  spike 

 buck which had still been a fawn last spring. "He was so 

 little I pretty near let him go," Walter said. "But just look 

 at the track he was making. It's pretty near big as a cow's. 

 If there were any more tracks here besides the ones he is 

                     THE OLD PEOPLE                              i8^ 

laying in, I would swear there was another buck here that 

I never even saw/* 

   It was dark when they reached the road where the sur 

rey waited. It was turning c Jd, the rain had stopped, anc 

the sky was beginning to blow clear. His cousin and Majo 

de Spain and General Compson had a fire going. ''Did yoi 

get him?** Major de Spain said. 

   "Got a good-sized swamp-rabbit with spike horns,** Wal 

ter said. He slid the little buck down from his mule. The 

boy*s cousin McCaslin looked at it. 

   "Nobody saw the big one?** he said. 

   "I dont even believe Boon saw it,**          Walter said.  "He 

probably jumped somebody’s straw cow in that thicket.** 

Boon started cursing, swearing at Walter and at  Sam for 

not getting the dogs in the first place and at the buck and 

all. 

   "Never mind,** Major de Spain said. "He*ll be here for 

us next fall. Let’s get started home.** 

   It was after midnight when they let Walter out at his 

gate two miles  from Jefferson and later  still  when they 

took General Compson to his house and then returned 

to Major de Spain’s, where he and McCaslin would spend 

the rest of the night, since it was still seventeen miles home. 

It was cold, the sky was clear now; there would be a heavy 

frost by sunup and the ground was already frozen beneath 

the horses* feet and the wheels and beneath their own feet 

as they crossed Major de Spain’s yard and entered the 

house, the warm dark house, feeling their way up the dark 

stairs until Major de Spain found a candle and lit it,  and 


into the strange room and the big deep bed, the still  cold 

sheets until they began to warm to their bodies and at last 

the shaking stopped and suddenly he was telling McCas- 

lin about it while McCaslin listened, quietly until he had 

finished.  *'You dont believe  it,”   the boy said.  **l   know 

                ” 

you dont 

   ^Why not?” McCaslin said.  ‘‘Think of all that has hap- 

pened here, on this earth. All the blood hot and strong 

for living, pleasuring,  that has soaked back into it.       For 

grieving and suffering too, of course, but still getting some- 

thing out of it  for all that, getting a lot out of it, because 

after all you dont have to continue to bear what you be- 

lieve is  suffering; you can always choose to stop that, put 

an end to that. And even suffering and grieving is better 

thanjiothing; there is only one thing worse than not being 

alive, and that s shame. But you cant be alive forever, and 

you always wear out life long before you have exhausted the 

possibilities of living. And all that must be somewhere; all 

that could not have been invented and created just to be 

thrown away. And the earth is shallow; there is not a great 

deal of it  before you come to the rock. And the earth 

dont want to just keep things, hoard them; it  wants to 

use them again.  Look at  the seed,  the acorns,  at  what 

happens even to carrion when you try to bury it:           it  re- 

fuses too,  seethes and struggles too until it  reaches light 

                                                    — 

and air again, hunting the sun still.  And they        ” the boy 

 saw his hand in silhouette for a moment against the window 

beyond which, accustomed to the darkness now, he could 

                                                         “ 

 see sky where the scoured and icy stars glittered       —they 

 dont want it,  need it.  Besides, what would it want, itself, 

 knocking around out there, when it  never had enough 

 time about the earth as it was, when there is plenty of room 

                     THE OLD PEOPLE                              187 

about the earth, plenty of places still unchanged from what 

they were when the blood used and pleasured in them 

while it was still blood?” 

   “But we want them,” thi' boy said. “We want them tco. 

There is plenty of room for us and them too.” 

   “That’s right,” McCaslin said. “Suppose they dont ha 'e 

                                         ” 

substance, cant cast a shadow 

   “But I saw it!” the boy c ried. “I saw him!” 

   “Steady,” McCaslin said. For an instant his hand touch d 

the boy’s flank beneath the covers.  “Steady. I  know ym 

did. So did I.  Sam took m( in there once after I killed riy 

first  deer.” 

The Bear 

There was a man and a dog too this time. Two beasts, 

counting Old Ben, the bear, and two men, counting Bom 

Hogganbeck, in whom some of the same blood ran which 

ran in Sam Fathers, even though Boones was a plebeian 

strain of it  and only Sam and Old Ben and the mongrel 

Lion were taintless and incorruptible. 

   He was sixteen. For six years now he had been a man’s 

hunter. For six years now he had heard the best of all talk- 

ing. It was of the wilderness, the big woods, bigger and 

older than any recorded document:      of 

                                    — white man fatuous 

enough to believe he had bought any fragment of it,        of 

Indian ruthless enough to pretend that any fragment of it 

had been his to convey; bigger than Major de Spain and 

the scrap he pretended to, knowing better; older than old 

Thomas Sutpen of whom Major de Spain had had it  and 

who knew better;  older even than old Ikkemotubbe, the 

Chickasaw chief, of whom old Sutpen had had it and who 

knew better in his turn. It was of the men, not white nor 

black nor red but men, hunters, with the will and hardi- 

hood to endure and the humility and skill to survive, and 

the dogs and the bear and deer juxtaposed and reliefed 

against it, ordered and compelled by and within the wilder- 


ness in the ancient and unremitting contest according to 

the ancient and immitigable rules which voided all regrets 

and brooked no quarter;—the best game of all,  the best of 

all breathing and forever the best of all listening, the voices 

quiet  and weighty and deliberate  for  retrospection  and 

recollection and exactitude among the concrete trophies 

the racked guns and the heads and skins—in the libraries 

of town houses or the offices of plantation houses or  (and 

best of all) in the camps themselves where the intact and 

still-warm meat yet hung, the men who had slain it sitting 

before the burning logs on hearths when there were houses 

and hearths or about the smoky blazing of piled wood in 

front of stretched tarpaulins when there were not. There 

was always a bottle present, so that it would seem to him 

that those fine fierce instants of heart and brain and cour- 

age and wiliness and speed were concentrated and distilled 

into that brown liquor which not women, not boys and 

children, but only hunters drank, drinking not of the blood 

they spilled but some condensation of the wild immortal 

spirit, drinking it moderately, humbly even, not with the 

pagan’s base and baseless hope of acquiring thereby the 

virtues of cunning and strength and speed but in salute 

to them. Thus it  seemed to him on this December morn- 

ing not only natural but actually fitting that this  should 

have begun with whisky. 

   He realised later that it had begun long before that. It 

had already begun on that day when he first wrote his age 

in two ciphers and his cousin McCaslin brought him for 

the first time to the camp, the big woods, to earn for him- 

self  from the wilderness the name and state  of hunter 

provided he in his turn were humble and enduring enough. 

 He had already inherited then, without ever having seen 

                       THE BEAR                          m 

it,  the big old bear with one trap-ruined foot that in an 

area almost a hundred miles square had earned for him- 

                                                           — 

self a name, a definite  designation like a living man: 

the long legend of corn-cnbs broken down and rifled,  of 

shoats and grown pigs and even calves carried bodily ii to 

the woods and devoured and traps  and deadfalls  ov :r- 

thrown and dogs mangled and slain and shotgun and ev^m 

rifle shots delivered at point-blank range yet with no m< re 

eflFect than so many peas  blown through a tube by  a 

child— corridor of wreckage and destruction beginni ig 

        a 

back before the boy was l)om, through which sped, i ot 

fast but rather with the ruthless and irresistible delibera- 

tion of a locomotive, the shaggy tremendous shape. It ran 

in his knowledge before he ever saw it.      It  loomed and 

towered in his  dreams before he even saw the unaxed 

woods where it left its  crooked print, shaggy, tremendous, 

red-eyed,  not malevolent but just big,     too big  for  the 

dogs which tried to bay it,   for the horses which tried to 

ride it down, for the men and the bullets they fired into 

it;  too big for the very country which was its constricting 

 scope. It was as if  the boy had already divined what his 

 senses and intellect had not encompassed yet: that doomed 

wilderness whose edges were being constantly and punily 

gnawed at by men with plows and axes who feared it be- 

cause it was wilderness, men myriad and nameless even to 

one another in the land where the old bear had earned 

 a name, and through which ran not even a mortal beast but 

 an anachronism indomitable and invincible out of an old 

dead time, a phantom, epitome and apotheosis of the old 

wild  life  which the  little  puny humans swarmed and 

hacked at in a fury of abhorrence and fear like pygmies 

 about the ankles of a drowsing elephant;—the old bear, 


solitary, indomitable, and alone; widowered childless and 

absolved of mortality—old Priam reft of his old wife and 

outlived all his sons. 

   Still a child, with three years then two years then one 

year yet before he too could make one of them, each No- 

vember he would watch the wagon containing the dogs 

and the bedding and food and guns and his cousin Mc- 

Caslin and Tennie s Jim and Sam Fathers too until Sam 

moved to the camp to live, depart for the Big Bottom, the 

big woods. To him, they were going not to hunt bear and 

deer but to keep yearly rendezvous with the bear which 

they did not even intend to kill.  Two weeks later  they 

would return, with no trophy, no skin.  He had not ex- 

pected it.  He had not even feared that it might be in the 

wagop this time with the other skins and heads. He did 

not even tell himself that in three years or two years or 

one year more he would be present and that it might even 

be his gun. He believed that only after he had served his 

apprenticeship in the woods which would prove him worthy 

to be a hunter, would he even be permitted to distinguish 

the crooked print, and that even then for two November 

weeks he would merely make another minor one, along 

with his cousin and Major de Spain and General Comp- 

son and Walter Ewell and Boon and the  dogs which 

feared to bay it  and the shotguns and rifles which failed 

even to bleed it,  in the yearly pageant-rite of the old bear's 

furious immortality. 

   His day came at last.  In the surrey with his cousin and 

Major de Spain and General Compson he saw the wilder- 

ness through a slow drizzle of November rain just above 

the ice point as it  seemed to him later he always saw it 

or at least always remembered it—the tall and endless wall 

                          THE BEAR                              i$5 

of dense November woods under the dissolving afternoon 

and the years death, sombre, impenetrable (he could not 

even discern yet how, at what point they could possibly 

hope to enter it  even though he knew that Sam Fatht rs 

was waiting there with tlie  wagon), the surrey movi ig 

through the skeleton stalks of cotton and corn in the 1st 

   open country, the last trace of man puny gnawing at t  le 

of                                         s 

immemorial flank, until, dwarfed by that perspective ir to 

an almost ridiculous diminivhment, the surrey itself seemed 

to have ceased to move (this too to be completed lat r, 

years later, after he had gr« wn to a man and had seen t ie 

sea) as a solitary small b(*at hangs in lonely immobili 

                                                                  y, 

merely tossing up and dovn, in the infinite waste of tne 

ocean while the water and then the apparently impene- 

trable land which it  nears without appreciable progress, 

swings slowly and opens the widening inlet which is  the 

anchorage. He entered it.  Sam was waiting, wrapped in a 

quilt on the wagon seat behind the patient and steaming 

mules. He entered his novitiate to the true wilderness with 

Sam beside him as he had begun his apprenticeship in mini- 

ature to manhood after the rabbits and such with Sam 

beside him, the two of them wrapped in the damp, warm, 

negro-rank quilt while the wilderness closed behind his 

entrance as it had opened momentarily to accept him, open- 

ing before his advancement as it closed behind his progress, 

no fixed path the wagon followed but  a  channel non- 

existent  ten yards ahead of it       and ceasing to exist  ten 

yards after it  had passed, the wagon progressing not by 

its  own volition but by attrition of their intact yet fluid 

circumambience, drowsing, earless,  almost lightless. 

   It seemed to him that at the age of ten he was witnessing 

his own birth. It was not even strange to him. He had ex- 


perienced it all before, and not merely in dreams. He saw 

the camp— paintless six-room bungalow set on piles above 

            a 

the spring high-water—and he knew already how it  was 

going to look. He helped in the rapid orderly disorder of 

their establishment in it and even his motions were familiar 

to him, foreknown. Then for two weeks he ate the coarse^ 

       food—  shapeless  sour bread,  the wild  strange 

rapid         the 

meat, venison and bear and turkey and coon which he had 

                    — 

never tasted before   ^which men ate, cooked by men who 

were hunters first  and cooks afterward; he slept in harsh 

sheetless blankets as hunters slept. Each morning the gray 

of dawn found him and Sam Fathers on the stand, the 

crossing, which had been allotted him. It was the poorest 

one, the most barren. He had expected that; he had not 

daredj^et to hope even to himself that he would even hear 

the running dogs this first time. But he did hear them. It 

was on the third morning—a murmur, sourceless, almost 

indistinguishable, yet he knew what it  was although he 

had never before heard that many dogs running at once, 

the murmur swelling into separate and distinct voices until 

he could call the five dogs which his cousin owned from 

among the others. ^^Now,” Sam said, *  slant your gun up a 

little and draw back the hammers and then stand still.'^ 

   But it was not for him, not yet. The humility was there; 

he had learned that. And he could learn the patience. He 

was only ten, only one week. The instant had passed. It 

seemed to him that he could actually see the deer, the buck, 

smoke-colored, elongated with speed, vanished, the woods, 

the gray solitude still  ringing even when the voices of the 

dogs had died away; from far away across the sombre woods 

and the gray half-liquid morning there came two shots. 

 ^Wow let your hammers down,” Sam said. 

                         THE BEAR                             197 

   He did so.  'Tou knew it too/^ he said. 

   ‘Tes/^ Sam said.  ‘1 want you to leam how to do when 

you didn^t shoot. Its after the chance for the bear or t^e 

deer has done already come and gone that men and d( gs 

get killed.” 

    Anyway, it wasn't him ” the boy said.  ‘It wasn't e\en 

a bear. It was just a deer.” 

   “Yes,” Sam said, “it was just a deer.” 

   Then one morning, it w is  in the second week, he he^rd 

the dogs again. This time bnifore Sam even spoke he read: 3d 

the too-long, too-heavy, man-size gun as Sam had taught 

him, even though this time he knew the dogs and the di er 

were coming less  close than ever, hardly within hearing 

even. They didn’t sound like any running dogs he had 

ever heard before even. Then he found that Sam, who had 

taught him first  of all  to cock the gun and take position 

where he could see best in all directions and then never 

to move again, had himself moved up beside him. “There,” 

he said.  “Listen.” The boy listened, to no ringing chorus 

strong and fast on a free scent but a moiling yapping an 

octave too high and with something more than indecision 

and even abjectness in it  which he could not yet recog- 

nise, reluctant, not even moving very fast,  taking a long 

time to pass out of hearing, leaving even then in the air 

that echo of thin and almost human hysteria, abject, almost 

humanly grieving, with this time nothing ahead of it,  no 

sense of a fleeing unseen smoke-colored shape. He could 

hear Sam breathing at his shoulder. He saw the arched 

curve of the old man’s inhaling nostrils. 

   “It's Old Ben!” he cried, whispering. 

   Sam didn’t move save for the slow gradual turning of 

his head as the voices faded on and the faint steady rapid 


arch and collapse of his nostrils. ''Hah,^* he said. ^'Not even 

running. Walking.^' 

   **But up here!’^ the boy cried. ^Way up here!^^ 

   '*He do it every year,'' Sam said.  ''Once. Ash and Boon 

say he comes up here to run the other little bears away. 

Tell them to get to hell  out of here and stay out until 

the hunters are gone. Maybe." The boy no longer heard 

anything at  all,  yet still Sam's head continued to  turn 

gradually and steadily until the back of it was toward him. 

Then it  turned back and looked down at him—the same 

face,  grave,  familiar,  expressionless  until  it smiled,  the 

same old man's eyes from which as he watched there faded 

slowly a quality darkly and fiercely  lambent, passionate 

and proud. "He dont care no more for bears than he does 

for dogs or men neither. He come to see who's here, who's 

new in camp this year, whether he can shoot or not, can 

stay or not. Whether we got the dog yet that can bay and 

hold him until a man gets there with a gun. Because he's 

the head bear. He's the man." It faded, was gone; again 

they were the eyes as he had known them all his life. "He'll 

let  them follow him to the river.  Then he'll  send them 

home. We might as well go too; see how they look when 

they get back to camp." 

   The dogs were there first,  ten of them huddled back 

under the kitchen, himself and Sam squatting to peer back 

 into the obscurity where they crouched, quiet,  the eyes 

 rolling and luminous, vanishing, and no sound, only that 

effluvium which the boy could not quite place yet, of some- 

thing more than dog, stronger than dog and not just animal, 

just beast even. Because there had been nothing in front of 

 the abject and painful yapping except the solitude,  the 

 wilderness,  so that when the eleventh hound got back 

                          THE BEAR                               199 

about mid-aftemoon and he and Tennie s  Jim held the 

passive and still    trembling bitch while Sam daubed }ier 

tattered ear and raked shoulder with turpentine and a: le~ 

grease, it was still  no living creature but only the wile er- 

ness which, leaning for a moment, had patted lightly oi ce 

her temerity.               ^ man,” Sam said. *7^st like fo ks. 

Put off as long as she could having to be brave, know ng 

all the time that sooner or later she would have to be br ve 

once so she could keep on calling herself a dog, and kn< w- 

ing beforehand what was going to happen when she d( ne 

it.” 

   He did not know just when Sam left.  He only kn^w 

that he was gone. For the next three mornings he rose and 

ate breakfast and Sam was not waiting for him. He went 

to his  stand alone;  he found it  without help now and 

stood on it  as Sam had taught him. On the third morn- 

ing he heard the dogs again, running strong and free on 

a true scent again,  and he readied the gun as  he had 

learned to  do and heard the hunt sweep past on since 

he was not ready yet, had not deserved other yet in just 

one short period of two weeks as compared to all the long 

life which he had already dedicated to the wilderness with 

patience and humility; he heard the shot again, one shot, 

the single clapping report of Walter Ewell's rifle.  By now 

he could not only find his stand and then return to camp 

without guidance, by using the compass his cousin had 

given him he reached Walter waiting beside the buck and 

the moiling of dogs over the cast entrails before any of 

the others except Major de Spain and Tennie's Jim on 

the horses, even before Uncle Ash arrived with the one- 

eyed wagon-mule which did not mind the smell of blood 

or even, so they said, of bear. 


   It was not Uncle Ash on the mule. It was Sam, returned. 

And Sam was waiting when he finished his dinner and, 

himself on the one-eyed mule and Sam on the other one 

of the wagon team, they rode for more than three hours 

through the rapid shortening sunless afternoon, following 

no path, no trail even that he could discern, into a section 

of country he had never seen before. Then he understood 

why Sam had made him ride the one-eyed mule which 

would not spook at the smell of blood, of wild animals. 

The other one, the sound one, stopped short and tried to 

whirl and bolt even as Sam got down, jerking and wrench- 

ing at the rein while Sam held it,  coaxing it  forward with 

his voice since he did not dare risk hitching it,    drawing 

it  forward while the boy dismounted from the marred one 

which-., would stand.  Then, standing beside  Sam in  the 

thick great gloom of ancient woods and the winter^s dying 

afternoon, he looked quietly down at the rotted log scored 

and gutted with claw-marks and, in the wet earth beside it, 

the print of the enormous warped two-toed foot. Now he 

knew what he had heard in the hounds^ voices in the woods 

that morning and what he had smelled when he peered 

under the kitchen where they huddled. It was in him too, 

a little  different because they were brute beasts and he 

was not, but only a little different—an eagerness, passive; 

an abjectness, a sense of his own fragility and impotence 

against the timeless woods, yet without doubt or dread; a 

flavor like brass in the sudden run of saliva in his mouth, 

a hard sharp constriction either in his brain or his stomach, 

he could not tell which and it did not matter; he knew only 

that for the first time he realised that the bear which had 

 run in his listening and loomed in his dreams since before 

 he could remember and which therefore must have existed 

                          THE BEAR                            201 

in the listening and the dreams of his cousin and Major de 

Spain and even old General Compson before they begin 

to remember in their turn, was a mortal animal and th it 

they had departed for the camp each November with i  o 

actual intention of slaying it,  not because it  could not )»e 

slain but because so far th<      had no actual hope of beii 

                                y                                g 

able to.  'It will be tomorr(»w,^' he said. 

   ^Tou mean we will try Tomorrow,          Sam said.  "We ai it 

got the dog yet.'' 

   "We've got eleven," he ^aid.  "They ran him Mondaj 

   "And you heard them," Sam said.  "Saw them too. M e 

aint got the dog yet.  It wont take but one. But he at it 

there. Maybe he aint nowhere. The only other way wJl 

be for him to run by accident over somebody that had a 

gun and knowed how to shoot it." 

   "That wouldn't be me," the boy said. "It would be Wal- 

                       " 

ter or Major or 

   "It might," Sam said.  "You watch close tomorrow. Be- 

cause he's smart. That's how come he has lived this long. 

If he gets hemmed up and has got to pick out somebody to 

run over, he will pick out you." 

   "How?" he said.  "How will he know. .          . ." He ceased. 

 'Tou mean he already knows me, that I  aint never been 

to the big bottom before,  aint had time to  find out yet 

whether I  .   . ." He ceased again, staring at Sam; he said 

humbly, not even amazed: "It was me he was watching. 

I dont reckon he did need to come but once." 

   "You watch tomorrow," Sam said.  "I reckon we better 

start back. It'll  be long after dark now before we get to 

camp." 

   The next morning they started three hours earlier than 

 they had ever done. Even Uncle Ash went, the cook, who 


called himself by profession a camp cook and who did litde 

else save cook for Major de Spain s hunting and camping 

parties, yet who had been marked by the wilderness from 

simple juxtaposition to it  until he responded as  they all 

did, even the boy who until two weeks ago had never 

even seen the wilderness,  to a hound's ripped ear  and 

shoulder and the print of a crooked foot in a patch of wet 

earth. They rode. It was too far to walk: the boy and Sam 

and Uncle Ash in the wagon with the dogs, his cousin and 

Major de Spain and General Compson and Boon and Wal- 

ter and Tennie s Jim riding double on the horses;  again 

the first gray light found him, as on that first morning two 

weeks ago, on the stand where Sam had placed and left 

him. With the gun which was too big for him, the breech- 

loader which did not even belong to him but to Major de 

Spain and which he had fired only once, at a stump on 

the first day to learn the recoil and how to reload it  with 

the paper shells, he stood against a big gum tree beside a 

little bayou whose black still water crept without motion out 

of a cane-brake, across a small clearing and into the cane 

again, where, invisible, a bird, the big woodpecker called 

Lord-to-God by negroes, clattered at a dead trunk. It was a 

stand like any other stand, dissimilar only in incidentals 

to the one where he had stood each morning for two weeks; 

a territory new to him yet no less familiar than that other 

one which after  two weeks he had come to believe he 

knew a  little—the  same solitude,  the  same loneliness 

 through which frail and timorous man had merely passed 

without altering it,  leaving no mark nor scar, which looked 

exactly as it  must have looked when the first  ancestor of 

Sam Fathers' Chickasaw predecessors crept into it and looked 

about him, club or stone axe or bone arrow drawn and 

                         THE BEAR                            203 

ready, different only because, squatting at tbe edge of tbe 

kitchen, he had smelled the dogs huddled and cringiig 

beneath it  and saw the raked ear and side of the bit :h 

 that, as Sam had said, had to he brave once in order to 

keep on calling herself a dov;, and saw yesterday in the eai th 

beside the gutted log,  the print  of the  living  foot.  1 le 

heard no dogs at all.  He never did certainly hear them. 

He only heard the drumming of the woodpecker stop sh* rt 

off, and knew that the bear was looking at him. He ne^ er 

saw it. He did not know \\^hether it was facing him fn^rn 

the cane or behind him. H(‘ did not move, holding the ur e- 

less gun which he knew now he would never fire at  it, 

now or ever, tasting in his saliva that taint of brass which 

he had smelled in the huddled dogs when he peered under 

the kitchen. 

   Then it  was gone. As abruptly as it  had stopped, the 

woodpeckers dry hammering set up again,  and after  a 

while he believed he even heard the dogs—a murmur, 

scarce a sound even, which he had probably been hearing 

for a time, perhaps a minute or two, before he remarked 

it,  drifting into hearing and then out again, dying away. 

They came nowhere near him. If it was dogs he heard, he 

could not have sworn to it;  if it  was a bear they ran, it 

was another bear. It was Sam himself who emerged from 

the cane and crossed the bayou, the injured bitch follow- 

ing at heel as a bird dog is taught to walk. She came and 

crouched against his leg, trembling. *1 didn’t see him,” he 

said. ‘1 didn’t, Sam.” 

   *1  know it,”   Sam said.    "'He done the looking.  You 

didn’t hear him neither, did you?” 

   "No,” the boy said. "I 

   "He’s smart,”  Sam said.  "Too smart.” Again the boy 


saw in his eyes that quality of dark and brooding lambence 

as Sam looked down at the bitch trembling faintly and 

steadily against the boy s  leg.  From her raked shoulder a 

few drops of fresh blood clung like bright berries.    ‘Too 

big. We aint got the dog yet. But maybe some day.^^ 

   Because there would be a next time, after  and after. 

He was only ten. It seemed to him that he could see them, 

the two of them, shadowy in the limbo from which time 

emerged and became time: the old bear absolved of mor- 

tality  and himself who shared a little  of it. Because he 

recognised now what he had smelled in the huddled dogs 

and tasted in his own saliva, recognised fear as a boy, a 

youth, recognises the existence of love and passion  and 

experience which is his heritage but not yet his patrimony, 

from entering by chance the presence or perhaps even 

merely the bedroom of a woman who has loved and been 

loved by many men. So  will 

                         I     have to see him, he thought, 

without dread or even hope. I will have to look at him. So 

it was in June of the next summer. They were at the camp 

again, celebrating Major de Spain^s and General Comp- 

son s birthdays. Although the one had been born in Sep- 

tember and the other in the depth of winter and almost 

thirty years earlier, each June the two of them and Mc- 

Caslin and Boon and Walter Ewell (and the boy too from 

now on) spent two weeks at the camp, fishing and shooting 

squirrels and turkey and running coons and wildcats with 

the dogs at night. That is. Boon and the negroes (and the 

boy too now) fished and shot squirrels and ran the coons 

and cats, because the proven hunters, not only Major de 

Spain and old General Compson (who spent those two 

weeks sitting in a rocking chair before a tremendous iron 

pot of Brunswick stew, stirring and tasting, with Uncle 

                         THE BEAR                           205 

Ash to quarrel with about how he was making it and Ten- 

nie s Jim to pour whisky into the tin dipper from which be 

drank it) but even McCaslin and Walter Ewell who were 

still  young enough, scorned such other than shooting tl e 

wild gobblers with pistols f(‘r wagers or to test their marb >- 

manship. 

   That is, his cousin McCaslin and the others thought l»e 

was hunting squirrels. Untd the third evening he believe d 

that Sam Fathers thought so too. Each morning he wou d 

leave the camp right after ]>reakfast. He had his own gun 

now, a new breech-loader, a Christmas gift; he would ow n 

and shoot it  for almost se\ enty years,  through two ne v 

pairs of barrels and locks and one new stock, until all that 

remained of the original gun was the silver-inlaid trigger- 

guard with his and McCaslin s engraved names and the 

date in  1878. He found the tree beside the little  bayou 

where he had stood that morning. Using the compass he 

ranged from that point;  he was teaching himself to be 

better  than a  fair woodsman without even knowing he 

was doing it.  On the third day he even found the gutted 

log where he had first  seen the print. It was almost com- 

pletely crumbled now, healing with unbelievable speed, 

a passionate and almost visible relinquishment, back into the 

earth from which the tree had grown. He ranged the sum- 

mer woods now, green with gloom, if  anything actually 

dimmer than they had been in November's gray dissolu- 

 tion, where even at noon the sun fell  only in windless 

 dappling upon the earth which never completely dried and 

                               — 

 which crawled with snakes        ^moccasins and watersnakes 

 and rattlers, themselves the color of the dappled gloom so 

 that he would not always see them until they moved; re- 

 turning to camp later and later and later, first day, second 


day, passing in the twilight of the third evening the little 

log pen enclosing the log ham where Sam was putting 

up the stock for the night.  “You aint looked right yet,” 

Sam said. 

   He stopped. For a moment he didn’t answer. Then he 

said peacefully,  in a peaceful rushing burst,  as when a 

boy’s miniature dam in a little brook gives way: “All right. 

Yes. But how? I went to the bayou. I even found that log 

again. 1 

   *1 reckon that was all right. Likely he^s been watching 

you. You never saw his foot?^^ 

   '1 .  •    the boy said.        didn't  ... I  never thought 

•  • • 

   ^It s  the gun/' Sam said.  He stood beside the fence, 

motionless, the old man, son of a negro slave and a Chicka- 

saw ^chief,  in  the battered  and faded overalls  and the 

 frayed five-cent straw hat which had been the badge of 

 the negro's slavery and was now the regalia of his free- 

       The camp  the clearing, the house, the barn 

                   — 

dom.                                                         and its 

tiny lot with which Major de Spain in his turn had scratched 

punily and evanescently at the wilderness—faded in the 

dusk, back into the immemorial darkness of the woods. The 

 gun, the boy thought. The gun.              will have to choose," 

 Sam said. 

    He left the next morning before light, without break- 

 fast, long before Uncle Ash would wake in his quilts on 

 the kitchen floor and start the fire.  He had only the com- 

 pass and a stick for the snakes. He could go almost a mile 

 before he would need to see the compass. He sat on a log, 

 the invisible compass in his hand, while the secret night- 

 sounds which had ceased at his movements, scurried again 

 and then fell still  for good and the owls ceased and gave 

                          THE BEAR                              207 

over to the waking day birds and there was light in the 

gray wet woods and he could see the compass. He went 

fast yet still  quietly, becoming steadily better and betti r 

as a woodsman without yet  having time to realise it;           he 

jumped a doe and a fawn, walked them out of the bel, 

close enough to see them—the crash of undergrowth, tl e 

white scut,  the fawn scudding along behind her,  fast r 

than he had known it  cou!d have run. He was huntir 

                                                                 g 

right,  upwind, as  Sam hatl  taught him, but that didr t 

matter now. He had left the gun; by his own will and r?^ 

linquishment he had accepted not a gambit, not a choice, 

but a condition in which not only the bears heretofore hi- 

violable anonymity but all  the ancient rules and balanais 

of hunter and hunted had been abrogated. He would not 

even be afraid, not even in the moment when the fear 

would take him completely: blood,  skin, bowels, bones, 

memory from the long time before it  even became his 

            all      that 

memory— save              thin clear quenchless lucidity which 

alone differed him from this bear and from all  the other 

bears and bucks he would follow during almost seventy 

years, to which Sam had said: ^*Be scared. You cant help 

that. But dont be afraid. Aint nothing in the woods going 

to hurt you if you dont comer it or it dont smell that you 

are afraid. A bear or a deer has got to be scared of a coward 

the same as a brave man has got to be.^^ 

   By noon he was far beyond the crossing on the little 

bayou, farther into the new and alien country than he had 

ever been, travelling now not only by the compass but by 

 the old, heavy, biscuit-thick silver watch which had been 

 his father s. He had left  the camp nine hours ago; nine 

hours from now, dark would already have been an hour 

old. He stopped, for the first time since he had risen from 


the log when he could see the compass face at last,  and 

looked about, mopping his sweating face on his sleeve. He 

had already relinquished, of his will, because of his need, 

in humility and peace and without regret, yet apparently 

that had not been enough, the leaving of the gun was not 

enough. He stood for a moment—a child, alien and lost 

in the green and soaring gloom of the markless wilderness. 

Then he relinquished completely to it.      It was the watch 

and the compass. He was still      tainted.  He removed the 

linked chain of the one and the looped thong of the other 

from his overalls and hung them on a bush and leaned the 

stick beside them and entered it. 

   When he realised he was lost, he did as Sam had coached 

and drilled him: made a cast to cross his backtrack.  He 

had pot been going very fast for the last two or three hours, 

and he had gone even less fast since he left the compass 

and watch on the bush. So he went slower still now, since 

the tree could not be very far; in fact, he found it before he 

really expected to and turned and went to it.       But there 

was no bush beneath it,  no compass nor watch, so he did 

next as Sam had coached  and drilled him :     made this next 

circle in the opposite direction and much larger, so that the 

pattern of the two of them would bisect his track some- 

where, but crossing no trace nor mark anywhere of his 

feet or any feet, and now he was going faster though still 

not panicked, his heart beating a little more rapidly but 

strong and steady enough, and this time it  was not even 

the tree because there was a down log beside it which he 

had never seen before and beyond the log a little  swamp, 

a seepage of moisture somewhere between earth and water, 

and he did what Sam had coached and drilled him as the 

next and the last,  seeing as he sat down on the log the 

                           THE BEAR                               209 

crooked print, the warped indentation in the wet ground 

which while he looked at it  continued to fill  with water 

until it was level full and the water began to overflow an 1 

the sides of the print began to dissolve away. Even as h t 

looked up he saw the next one, and, moving,  the ore 

beyond it;    moving,  not hurrying,  running, but mere f 

keeping pace with them as  they appeared before him :               s 

though they were being sh iped out of thin air just or e 

constant pace short of where he would lose them forev* r 

and be lost forever himself, tireless,  eager, without doul*t 

or dread, panting a little aB)ve the strong rapid little hani- 

mer of his heart, emerging suddenly into a little glade and 

the wilderness coalesced. It  rushed, soundless, and solidi- 

fied—the tree, the bush, the compass and the watch glint- 

ing where a ray of sunlight touched them. Then he saw 

the bear. It did not emerge, appear: it was just there, im- 

mobile, fixed in the green and windless noon's hot dap- 

pling, not as big as he had dreamed it but as big as he had 

expected, bigger,  dimensionless against  the dappled ob- 

scurity, looking at him. Then it moved. It crossed the glade 

without haste, walking for an instant into the sun s  full 

glare and out of it,  and stopped again and looked back at 

him across one shoulder. Then it was gone. It didn't walk 

into the woods. It  faded, sank back into the wilderness 

without motion as he had watched a fish, a huge old bass, 

 sink back into the dark depths of its pool and vanish with- 

out even any movement of its fins. 

                                  2. 

    So he should have hated and feared Lion. He was thir- 

 teen then. He had killed his buck and Sam Fathers had 


marked his face with the hot blood, and in the next No- 

vember he killed a bear. But before that accolade he had 

become as competent in the woods as many grown men 

with the same experience. By now he was a better woods- 

man than most grown men with more. There was no terri- 

tory within twenty-five miles of the camp that he did not 

      — 

know  ^bayou, ridge,  landmark trees  and path; he could 

have led anyone direct to any spot in it  and brought him 

back.  He knew game trails  that even Sam Fathers had 

never seen; in the third fall  he found a buck's bedding- 

place by himself and unbeknown to his  cousin he bor- 

rowed Walter Ewells rifle and lay in wait for the buck at 

dawn and killed it when it walked back to the bed as Sam 

had told him how the old Chickasaw fathers did. 

   By now he knew the old bear's footprint better than he 

did his own, and not only the crooked one. He could see 

 any one of the three sound prints and distinguish it at once 

 from any other, and not only because of its size. There were 

 other bears within that fifty miles which left tracks almost 

 as large, or at least so near that the one would have ap- 

 peared larger only by juxtaposition. It was more than that. 

 If  Sam Fathers had been his mentor and the backyard 

 rabbits and squirrels his kindergarten, then the wilderness 

 the old bear ran was his college and the old male bear 

 itself, so long unwifed and childless as to have become its 

 own ungendered progenitor, was his alma mater. 

   He could  find  the  crooked print  now whenever he 

 wished, ten miles or five miles or sometimes closer than 

 that, to the camp. Twice while on stand during the next 

 three years he heard the dogs strike its trail and once even 

 jump it by chance, the voices high, abject, almost human 

 in their hysteria. Once, still-hunting with Walter Ewell's 

                        THE BEAR                           2ii 

rifle, he saw it cross a long corridor of down timber where 

a tornado had passed. It ruslied through rather than across 

the tangle of trunks and branches as a locomotive would, 

faster than he had ever beheved it  could have moved, a - 

most as fast as a deer even because the deer would ha\ 2 

spent most of that distance in the air; he realised then wb 

it would take a dog not onh of abnormal courage but si: e 

and speed too ever to bring it  to bay. He had a little dc'g 

at home, a mongrel, of the sort called fyce by negroes, a 

ratter, itself not much bigger than a rat and possessing th.it 

sort of courage which had long since stopped being braveiy 

and had become foolhardiness. He brought it with him or e 

June and, timing them as if they were meeting an appoint- 

ment with another human being, himself carrying the fyce 

with a sack over its head and Sam Fathers with a brace of 

the hounds on a rope leash, they lay downwind of the trail 

and actually ambushed the bear. They were so close that 

it turned at bay although he realised later this might have 

been from surprise and amazement at the shrill and frantic 

uproar of the fyce. It turned at bay against the trunk of 

a big cypress, on its hind feet; it  seemed to the boy that it 

would never stop rising, taller and taller, and even the two 

hounds seemed to have taken a kind of desperate and de- 

spairing courage from the fyce. Then he realised that the 

fyce was actually not going to stop. He flung the gun down 

and ran. When he overtook and grasped the shrill,  fran- 

tically pinwheeling little dog, it seemed to him that he was 

directly under the bear. He could smell it,  strong and hot 

and rank. Sprawling, he looked up where it  loomed and 

towered over him like a thunderclap. It was quite familiar, 

until he remembered: this was the way he had used to 

dream about it. 


   Then it was gone. He didn^t see it go. He knelt, holding 

the frantic fyce with both hands, hearing the abased wail- 

ing of the two hounds drawing further and further away, 

until Sam came up, carrying the gun. He laid it  quietly 

down beside  the boy and stood  looking down at  him. 

‘‘YouVe done seed him twice now, with a gun in  your 

hands,'' he said. “This time you couldn't have missed him." 

   The boy rose. He still  held the fyce. Even in his arms 

it continued to yap frantically, surging and straining toward 

the fading sound of the hounds like a collection of live- 

wire springs. The boy was panting a little.  “Neither could 

you," he said.  “You had the gun. Why didn't you shoot 

him?" 

   Sam didn't seem to have heard. He put out his hand 

and touched the little  dog in the boy's arms which still 

yapped and strained even though the two hounds were out 

of hearing now. “He's done gone," Sam said.  “You can 

slack off and rest now, until next time." He stroked the 

little  dog until it  began to grow quiet under his  hand. 

“You's almost the one we wants," he said.  “You just aint 

big enough. We aint got that one yet. He will need to be 

just a little  bigger than smart, and a little  braver  than 

either." He withdrew his hand from the fyce's head and 

stood looking into the woods where the bear and the hounds 

had vanished. “Somebody is going to, some day." 

   “I know it,"  the boy said. “That's why it must be one 

of us. So it wont be until the last day. When even he dont 

want it  to last any longer." 

   So he should have hated and feared Lion.  It  was in 

the fourth summer, the fourth time he had made one in 

the celebration of Major de Spain's and General Comp- 

son's birthday. In the early spring Major de Spain's mare 

                         THE BEAR                             213 

had foaled a horse colt.  One evening when Sam brought 

the horses and mules up to stable them for the night, the 

colt was missing and it was all he could do to get the frant; c 

mare into the lot.  He had thought at first to let the mate 

lead him back to where she had become separated from tl:  e 

foal. But she would not do k. She would not even feint t >- 

ward any particular part of the woods or even in any pa - 

ticular direction. She merel\ ran, as if she couldn't see, st: 1 

frantic with terror. She whirled and ran at Sam once, as  f 

to attack him in some ultimate desperation, as if she cou. d 

not for the moment realise  :hat he was a man and a lon^- 

familiar one. He got her into the lot at last. It was too daik 

by that time to back-track her, to unravel the erratic coun^ 

she had doubtless pursued. 

   He came to the house and told Major de Spain. It was 

an animal, of course, a big one, and the colt was dead now, 

wherever it was. They all knew that. 'It's a panther," Gen- 

eral Compson said at once. "The same one. That doe and 

fawn last March." Sam had sent Major de Spain word of 

it when Boon Hogganbeck came to the camp on a routine 

visit to see how the stock had wintered—the doe's throat 

torn out, and the beast had run down the helpless fawn 

and killed it too. 

   "Sam never did say that was a panther," Major de Spain 

said.  Sam said nothing now, standing behind Major de 

Spain where they sat at supper, inscrutable, as if he were 

just waiting for them to stop talking so he could go home. 

He didn't even seem to be looking at anything. "A panther 

might jump a doe, and he wouldn't have much trouble 

catching the fawn afterward. But no panther would have 

jumped that colt with the dam right there with it.        It was 

Old Ben," Major de Spain said. "I'm disappointed in him. 


He has broken the rules. I didn’t think he would have done 

              killed mine     McCaslin  dogs, but that was 

that. He has              and            s 

all right. We gambled the dogs against him; we gave each 

other warning. But now he has come into my house and 

destroyed my property, out of season too.  He broke the 

rules. It was Old Ben, Sam.” Still Sam said nothing, stand- 

ing there until Major de Spain should stop talking.  'Well 

back-track her tomorrow and see,” Major de Spain said. 

   Sam departed. He would not live in the camp; he had 

built himself a little hut something like Joe Baker’s, only 

stouter, tighter, on the bayou a quarter-mile away, and a 

stout log crib where he stored a little com for the shoat he 

raised each year. The next morning he was waiting when 

they waked. He had already found the colt. They did not 

even wait for breakfast.  It was not far, not five hundred 

yards from the stable—the three-months’ colt lying on its 

side, its throat torn out and the entrails and one ham partly 

eaten. It lay not as if it had been dropped but as if it had 

been struck and hurled, and no cat-mark, no claw-mark 

where a panther would have gripped it  while finding its 

throat. They read the tracks where the frantic mare had 

circled and at last rushed in with that same ultimate des- 

peration with which she had whirled on Sam Fathers yes- 

terday evening, and the long tracks of dead and terrified 

running and those of the beast which had not even rushed 

at her when she advanced but had merely walked three 

or  four paces toward her until  she broke,  and General 

Compson said, ^^Good God, what a wolf!” 

   Still Sam said nothing. The boy watched him while the 

men knelt, measuring the tracks. There was something in 

Sam’s face now. It was neither exultation nor joy nor hope. 

Later, a man, the boy realised what it had been, and that 

                          THE BEAR                             ^15 

Sam had known all the time what had made the tracks and 

what had tom the throat out of the doe in the spring and 

killed the fawn. It had been foreknowledge in Sam's fact 

that morning. And he was               he told himself. He wa 

old. He had no children, no people, none of his hlood any 

where above earth that he would ever meet again. Ana 

even if he were to,  he couhi not have touched it,         spokev 

to it,  because for seventy yrars now he had had to he 

negro. It was almost over now and he was glad. 

   They returned to camp and had breakfast and came back 

with guns and the hounds. Afterward the boy realised tha': 

they also should have known then what killed the colt a 

well as Sam Fathers did. But that was neither the first no?* 

the last time he had seen men rationalise from and even 

act upon their misconceptions. After Boon, standing astride 

the colt, had whipped the dogs away from it with his belt, 

they snuffed at the tracks. One of them, a young dog hound 

without judgment yet, bayed once, and they ran for a few 

feet on what seemed to be a trail. Then they stopped, look- 

ing back at the men, eager enough, not baffled,  merely 

questioning, as if  they were asking  ‘‘Now what?" Then 

they rushed back to the colt, where Boon, still  astride it, 

slashed at them with the belt. 

   “I never knew a trail  to get cold that quick," General 

Compson said. 

   “Maybe a single wolf big enough to kill a colt with the 

dam right there beside it dont leave scent," Major de Spain 

said. 

   “Maybe it was a hant," Walter Ewell said.  He looked 

at Tennie s Jim. ‘^Hah, Jim?" 

   Because the hounds would not run it.  Major de Spain 

had Sam hunt out and find the tracks a hundred yards 


farther on and they put the dogs on it  again and again 

the young one bayed and not one of them realised then 

that the hound was not baying like a dog striking game but 

was merely bellowing like a country dog whose yard has 

been invaded. General Compson spoke to the boy and Boon 

and Tennie's Jim: to the squirrel hunters. ''You boys keep 

the dogs with you this morning. He s  probably hanging 

around somewhere, waiting to get his breakfast off the colt. 

You might strike him.'' 

   But they did not. The boy remembered how Sam stood 

watching them as  they went into  the woods with the 

leashed hounds—the Indian face in which he had never 

seen anything until it smiled, except that faint arching of 

the nostrils on that first  morning when the hounds had 

found Old Ben, They took the hounds with them on the 

next day, though when they reached the place where they 

hoped to strike a fresh trail, the carcass of the colt was gone. 

Then on the third morning Sam was waiting again, this 

time until they had finished breakfast. He said, "Come." He 

led them to his house, his little hut, to the com-crib be- 

yond it.  He had removed the corn and had made a dead- 

fall of the door, baiting it with the colt's carcass; peering 

between the logs, they saw an animal almost the color of 

a gun or pistol barrel, what little time they had to examine 

its color or shape. It was not crouched nor even standing. 

It was in motion, in the air, coming toward them—a heavy 

body crashing with tremendous force against the door so 

that the thick door jumped and clattered in its frame, the 

animal, whatever it  was, hurling itself  against the door 

again seemingly before it could have touched the floor and 

got a new purchase to spring from. "Come away," Sam said, 

"fore he break his neck." Even when they retreated the 

                        THE BEAR                           217 

heavy and measured crashes continued, the stout door jump- 

ing and clattering each time, and still  no sound from the 

           — snarl, 

beast itself  no        no cry. 

   *What in hell's name is it? ’ Major de Spain said. 

   'Its a dog," Sam said, his nostrils arching and collapsing 

faintly and steadily and that faint, fierce milkiness in his 

eyes again as on that first m( rning when the hounds had 

struck the old bear. "It's the dog." 

   **The dog?" Major de Spain said. 

   "That's gonter hold Old B( n." 

   "Dog the devil," Major do Spain said.  "I'd rather have 

Old Ben himself in my pack than that brute. Shoot him." 

   "No," Sam said. 

   "You'll never tame him. How do you ever expect to make 

an animal like that afraid of you?" 

   "I dont want him tame," Sam said; again the boy watched 

his nostrils and the fierce milky light in his eyes.  "But I 

almost rather he be tame than scared, of me or any man 

or any thing. But he wont be neither, of nothing." 

   "Then what are you going to do with it?" 

   "You can watch," Sam said. 

   Each morning through the second week they would go 

to Sam's crib. He had removed a few shingles from the roof 

and had put a rope on the colt's carcass and had drawn it 

out when the trap fell.  Each morning they would watch 

him lower a pail  of water into the crib while the dog 

hurled itself tirelessly against the door and dropped back 

and leaped again. It never made any sound and there was 

nothing frenzied in the act but only a cold and grim in- 

domitable determination. Toward the end of the week it 

stopped jumping at the door. Yet it had not weakened ap- 

preciably and it was not as if it  had rationalised the fact 


that the door was not going to give. It was as if  for that 

time it  simply disdained to jump any longer. It was not 

down. None of them had ever seen it down. It stood, and 

                        — 

they could see it now  ^part mastiff, something of Airedale 

and something of a dozen other strains probably, better 

than thirty inches at the shoulders and weighing as they 

guessed almost ninety pounds, with cold yellow eyes and 

a tremendous chest and over all that strange color like a 

blued gun-barrel. 

   Then the two weeks were up. They prepared to break 

camp. The boy begged to remain and his cousin let him. 

He moved into the little hut with Sam Fathers. Each morn- 

ing he watched Sam lower the pail of water into the crib. 

By the end of that week the dog was down. It would rise 

and half stagger, half crawl to the water and drink and 

collapse again. One morning it  could not even reach the 

water, could not raise its forequarters even from the floor. 

Sam took a  short  stick  and prepared to enter the crib. 

                                                      ” 

^Wait,'' the boy said.  'Tet me get the gun 

   *'No,^^ Sam said.  ''He cant move now.'^ Nor could it.  It 

lay on its  side while Sam touched it,         its  head and the 

gaunted body, the dog lying motionless,  the yellow eyes 

open. They were not fierce and there was nothing of petty 

malevolence in them, but a cold and almost impersonal 

malignance like some natural force. It was not even looking 

at Sam nor at the boy peering at it between the logs. 

   Sam began to feed it  again. The first  time he had to 

raise its head so it could lap the broth. That night he left 

a bowl of broth containing lumps of meat where the dog 

could reach it.  The next morning the bowl was empty and 

the dog was lying on its belly, its head up, the cold yellow 

eyes watching the door as Sam entered, no change what- 

                          THE BEAR                              I19 

ever in the cold yellow eyes and still no sound from it even 

when it  sprang, its  aim and co-ordination still  bad from 

weakness so that Sam had time to strike it down with  he 

stick and leap from the cnb and slam the door as the d^g, 

still  without having had time to get its  feet under it          to 

jump again seemingly, hurled itself against the door a            if 

the two weeks of starving had never been. 

   At noon that day someone came whooping through he 

woods from the direction of the camp. It was Boon.  He 

came and looked for a while between the logs, at the  re- 

mendous dog lying again on its belly, its head up, the ^^el- 

low eyes blinking sleepily at nothing: the indomitable md 

unbroken spirit.  ^What we better do,^^ Boon said, ^4s to let 

that son of a bitch go and catch Old Ben and run him 

on the dog.^'  He turned to the boy his weather-reddened 

and beetling face.  ''Get your traps together. Cass says for 

you to come on home. You been in here fooling with that 

horse-eating varmint long enough. 

   Boon had a borrowed mule at the camp; the buggy was 

waiting at the edge of the bottom. He was at home that 

night. He told McCaslin about it.         "Sam’s going to starve 

him again until he can go in and touch him. Then he will 

feed him again. Then he will starve him again, if he has 

to.’’ 

   "But why?” McCaslin said.  "What for? Even Sam will 

never tame that brute.” 

    "We dont want him tame. We want him like he is. We 

just want him to find out at last that the only way he can 

get out of that crib and stay out of it  is  to do what Sam 

or somebody tells him to do. He’s the dog that’s going to 

stop Old Ben and hold him. We’ve already named him. 

His name is Lion.” 


  Then November came at  last.      They returned to  the 

camp. With General Compson and Major de Spain and his 

cousin and Walter and Boon he stood in the yard among 

the guns and bedding and boxes of food and watched Sam 

Fathers and Lion come up the lane from the lot—the In- 

dian, the old man in battered overalls  and rubber boots 

and a worn sheepskin coat and a hat which had belonged 

to the boy’s father; the tremendous dog pacing gravely be- 

side him. The hounds rushed out to meet them and stopped, 

except the young one which still  had but little  of judg- 

ment. It ran up to Lion, fawning. Lion didn’t snap at it. 

He didn’t even pause. He struck it rolling and yelping for 

five or six feet with a blow of one paw as a bear would 

have done and came on into the yard and stood, blinking 

sleepily at nothing, looking at no one, while Boon said, 

             — 

‘Jesus. Jesus.  ^Will he let me touch him?” 

   “You can touch him,” Sam said. “He dont care. He dont 

care about nothing or nobody.” 

   The boy watched that too. He watched it  for the next 

two years from that moment when Boon touched Lion’s 

head and then knelt beside him, feeling the bones and 

muscles, the power. It was as if Lion were a woman—or 

perhaps Boon was the woman. That was more like it       the 

                                                     — 

big, grave, sleepy-seeming dog which, as Sam Fathers said, 

cared about no man and no thing; and the violent, insensi- 

tive, hard-faced man with his touch of remote Indian blood 

and the mind almost of a child.  He watched Boon take 

over Lion’s feeding from Sam and Uncle Ash both.  He 

would see  Boon squatting in  the  cold  rain beside  the 

kitchen while Lion ate. Because Lion neither slept nor ate 

with the other dogs though none of them knew where he 

did sleep until in the second November, thinking until 

                         THE BEAR                            221 

then that Lion slept in his kennel beside Sam Fathers^ hut, 

when the boy's cousin McCaslin said something about it 

to Sam by sheer chance and Sam told him. And that nijht 

the boy and Major de Spain and McCaslin with a la np 

entered the back room wliere Boon slept—the little,  tig lit, 

        room rank with               of Boon  unwashed h 

airless                   the smell           s               dy 

and his wet hunting-clothes—where Boon, snoring on ais 

back, choked and waked .md Lion raised his head bes de 

him and looked back at  them from his cold,  slumbr *us 

yellow eyes. 

   '‘Damn it.  Boon," McC aslin said. “Get that dog out of 

here. He's got to run Old Ben tomorrow morning. How in 

hell do you expect him to smell anything fainter thaii a 

skunk after breathing you all night?" 

   “The way I  smell aint hurt my nose none that I  ever 

noticed," Boon said. 

   “It wouldn't matter if  it  had," Major de Spain said. 

“We're not depending on you to trail a bear. Put him out- 

side. Put him under the house with the other dogs." 

   Boon began to get up. “He’ll kill the first one that hap- 

pens to yawn or sneeze in his face or touches him." 

   “I reckon not," Major de Spain said. “None of them are 

going to risk yawning in his face or touching him either, 

even asleep. Put him outside. I want his nose right tomor- 

row. Old Ben fooled him last year. I dont think he will do 

it again." 

   Boon put on his shoes without lacing them; in his long 

soiled underwear, his hair still  tousled from sleep, he and 

Lion went out. The others returned to the front room and 

the poker game where McCaslin's and Major de Spain's 

hands waited for them on the table. After a while McCaslin 

said, “Do you want me to go back and look again?" 


          Major de Spain said.       calV he said to Walter 

Ewell. He spoke to McCaslin again.  'If you do, dont tell 

me. I am beginning to see the first sign of my increasing 

age:  I  dont like to know that my orders have been dis- 

obeyed, even when I  knew when I  gave them that they 

would be.—A small pair,'' he said to Walter Ewell. 

   "How small?" Walter said. 

   "Very small," Major de Spain said. 

   And the boy, lying beneath his piled quilts and blankets 

waiting for sleep, knew likewise that Lion was already back 

in Boon's bed, for the rest of that night and the next one 

and during all  the nights of the next November and the 

next one. He thought then: I wonder what Sam thinks. 

He could have Lion with him, even if Boon is a white man. 

He could ask Major or McCaslin either. And more than 

that. It was Sams hand that touched Lion first  and Lion 

 knows it.  Then he became a man and he knew that too. 

 It had been all right. That was the way it should have been. 

 Sam was the chief, the prince; Boon, the plebeian, was his 

huntsman. Boon should have nursed the dogs. 

   On the first morning that Lion led the pack after Old 

Ben, seven strangers appeared in the camp. They were 

 swampers: gaunt, malaria-ridden men appearing from no- 

where, who ran trap-lines for coons or perhaps farmed little 

patches of cotton and corn along the edge of the bottom, 

 in clothes but little better than Sam Fathers' and nowhere 

near as good as Tennie's Jim's, with worn shotguns and 

rifles, already squatting patiently in the cold drizzle in the 

 side yard when day broke. They had a spokesman; after- 

ward Sam Fathers told Major de Spain how all during the 

past  summer and fall      they had drifted  into  the  camp 

 singly or in pairs and threes, to look quietly at Lion for a 

                         THE BEAR                           223 

while and then go away: "'Mawnin, Major. We heerd you 

was aimin to put that ere blue dawg on that old two-! Ded 

bear this mawnin. We fiijgered we^d come up and wa ch, 

if you dont mind. We wc*nt do no shooting, lessen he 1 ans 

over us/' 

   ^Tou are welcome," M.ijor de Spain said. *'You are '  /el- 

come to shoot. He’s more your bear than ours." 

      reckon that aint no !ie. I done fed him enough a wn 

to have a sheer in him. INot to mention a shoat three        ars 

                                                          y 

ago. 

      reckon I got a sheer too," another said.  ''Only it  ;iint 

in the bear." Major de Spain looked at him. He was chaw- 

ing tobacco. He spat.  '‘Hit was a heifer calf. Nice un too. 

Last year. When I  finally found her, I  reckon she looked 

about like that colt of yourn looked last June." 

   "Oh," Major de Spain said.  "Be welcome. If you see 

game in front of my dogs, shoot it." 

   Nobody shot Old Ben that day. No man saw him. The 

dogs jumped him within a hundred yards of the glade 

where the boy had seen him that day in the summer of 

his eleventh year. The boy was less than a quarter-mile 

 away. He heard the jump but he could distinguish no voice 

 among the dogs that he did not know and therefore would 

be Lion’s,  and he thought, believed,  that Lion was not 

 among them. Even the fact that they were going much fas- 

 ter than he had ever heard them run behind Old Ben 

before and that the high thin note of hysteria was missing 

 now from their voices was not enough to disabuse him. 

 He didn’t comprehend until that night, when Sam told 

 him that Lion would never cry on a trail.  "He gonter growl 

 when he catches Old Ben’s throat,"  Sam said.  "But he 

 aint gonter never holler, no more than he ever done when 


he was jumping at that two-inch door. It^s that blue dog 

in him. What you call it?'' 

   ''Airedale," the boy said. 

   Lion was there; the jump was just too close to the river. 

When Boon returned with Lion about eleven that night, 

he swore that Lion had stopped Old Ben once but that the 

hounds would not go in and Old Ben broke away and took 

to the river and swam for miles down it  and he and Lion 

went down one bank for about ten miles and crossed and 

came up the other but it had begun to get dark before they 

struck any trail where Old Ben had come up out of the 

water, unless he was still in the water when he passed the 

ford where they crossed. Then he fell to cursing the hounds 

and ate the supper Uncle Ash had saved for him and went 

ofF^to bed and after a while the boy opened the door of the 

little  stale room thunderous with snoring and the great 

grave dog raised its head from Boon's pillow and blinked 

at him for a moment and lowered its head again. 

   When the next November came and the last day, the 

day on which it was now becoming traditional to save for 

Old Ben, there were more than a dozen strangers waiting. 

They were not all swampers this time. Some of them were 

townsmen, from other county seats like Jefferson, who had 

heard about Lion and Old Ben and had come to watch 

 the great blue dog keep his yearly rendezvous with the old 

 two-toed bear. Some of them didn't even have guns and the 

hunting-clothes and boots they wore had been on a store 

 shelf yesterday. 

   This time Lion jumped Old Ben more than five miles 

 from the river and bayed and held him and this time the 

 hounds went in, in a sort of desperate emulation. The boy 

 heard them; he was that near. He heard Boon whooping; 

                        THE BEAR                          225 

he heard the two shots when General Compson delivered 

both barrels,  one containing five  buckshot,  the othe'*  a 

single ball,  into the bear from as close as he could fcrce 

his almost unmanageable horse. He heard the dogs w: len 

the bear broke free again  He was running now; pant; ag, 

stumbling, his lungs bursting, he reached the place wl ere 

General Compson had fin d and where Old Ben had ki led 

two of the hounds. He saw the blood from General Co ap- 

son s shots, but he could go no further. He stopped. It an- 

ing against a tree for his l*reathing to ease and his hear  to 

slow, hearing the sound ol  the dogs as it faded on and c4ed 

away. 

   In camp that night     they had as guests five of the t;till 

                       — 

terrified strangers in new hunting coats and boots who had 

been lost all day until Sam Fathers went out and got them 

— 

   ^he heard the rest of it:  how Lion had stopped and held 

the bear again but only the one-eyed mule which did not 

mind the smell of wild blood would approach and Boon was 

riding the mule and Boon had never been known to hit 

anything. He shot at the bear five times with his pump gun, 

touching nothing, and Old Ben killed another hound and 

broke free once more and reached the river and was gone. 

Again Boon and Lion hunted as far down one bank as they 

dared. Too far; they crossed in the first  of dusk and dark 

overtook them within a mile. And this time Lion found 

the broken trail,  the blood perhaps, in the darkness where 

Old Ben had come up out of the water, but Boon had him 

on a rope, luckily, and he got down from the mule and 

 fought Lion hand-to-hand until he got him back to camp. 

 This time Boon didn4 even curse. He stood in the door, 

muddy, spent,  his  huge gargoyle^s  face tragic  and still 


amazed.      missed him,*' he said. ‘1 was in twenty five feet 

of him and I missed him five times." 

   ‘*But we have drawn blood," Major de Spain said. ^^Gen- 

eral  Compson drew blood.  We have  never  done that 

before." 

   ‘‘But I missed him," Boon said. “I missed him five times. 

With Lion looking right at me." 

   “Never mind," Major de Spain said. “It was a damned 

fine race. And we drew blood. Next year we'll let General 

Compson or Walter ride Katie, and we'll get him." 

   Then McCaslin said, “Where is  Lion, Boon?" 

   “I left him at Sam's," Boon said. He was already turning 

away. “I aint fit to sleep with him." 

   So he should have hated and feared Lion. Yet he did not. 

It seemed to him that there was a fatality in it.  It seemed to 

hirn that something, he didn't know what, was beginning; 

had already begun. It was like the last act on a set stage. It 

was the beginning of the end of something, he didn't know 

what except that he would not grieve. He would be humble 

and proud that he had been found worthy to be a part of 

it too or even just to see it too. 

                                 3- 

   It was December. It was the coldest December he had 

ever remembered. They had been in camp four days over 

two weeks, waiting for the weather to soften so that Lion 

and Old Ben could run their yearly race. Then they would 

break camp and go home. Because of these unforeseen ad- 

ditional days which they had had to pass waiting on the 

weather, with nothing to do but play poker, the whisky had 

given out and he and Boon were being sent to Memphis 

                         THE BEAR                            127 

with a suitcase and a note from Major de Spain to Mr 

Semmes, the distiller, to get more. That is, Major de Spiin 

and McCaslin were sendmg Boon to get the whisky j.nd 

sending him to see that B<on got back with it or most C '     it 

or at least some of it. 

   Tennies Jim waked h3m at three.  He dressed rapirly, 

shivering, not so much from the cold because a fresh  ire 

already boomed and roared on the hearth, but in that d lad 

winter hour when the bI')od and the heart are slow ;         nd 

sleep is incomplete. He cr »ssed the gap between house ;     nd 

kitchen, the gap of iron earth beneath the brilliant 1  nd 

rigid night where dawn would not begin for three hoars 

yet, tasting, tongue palati'  and to the very bottom of his 

lungs the searing dark, and entered the kitchen, the lamp- 

lit warmth where the stove glowed, fogging the windows, 

and where Boon already  sat  at  the  table  at  breakfast, 

hunched over his plate,  almost in his plate,  his working 

jaws blue with stubble and his face innocent of water and 

his coarse, horse-mane hair innocent of comb—the quarter 

 Indian, grandson of a Chickasaw squaw, who on occasion 

 resented with his hard and furious fists  the intimation of 

one single drop of alien blood and on others, usually after 

whisky, affirmed with the same fists  and the same fury 

 that his father had been the full-blood Chickasaw and even 

 a chief and that even his mother had been only half white. 

 He was four inches over six feet; he had the mind of a 

 child, the heart of a horse, and little hard shoe-button eyes 

without depth or meanness or generosity or viciousness or 

 gentleness or anything else, in the ugliest face the boy had 

 ever seen. It looked like somebody had found a walnut a 

 little larger than a football and with a machinist's hammer 

 had shaped features into it and then painted it, mostly red; 


not Indian red but a fine bright ruddy color which whisky 

might have had something to do with but which was 

mostly just happy and violent out-of-doors, the wrinkles in 

it not the residue of the forty years it had survived but from 

squinting into the sun or into the gloom of cane-brakes 

where game had run, baked into it by the camp fires before 

which he had lain trying to sleep on the cold November 

or December ground while waiting for daylight so he could 

rise and hunt again, as though time were merely something 

he walked through as he did through air,  aging him no 

more than air did. He was brave, faithful, improvident and 

unreliable; he had neither profession  job nor trade and 

owned one vice and one virtue: whisky, and that absolute 

and unquestioning fidelity to Major de Spain and the boy^s 

cousin McCaslin. ''Sometimes Fd call them both virtues,^^ 

Major de Spain said once. "Or both vices,’^ McCaslin said. 

   He ate his breakfast, hearing the dogs under the kitchen, 

wakened by the smell of frying meat or perhaps by the 

 feet overhead. He heard Lion once, short and peremptory, 

 as the best hunter in any camp has only to speak once to 

 all save the fools, and none other of Major de Spain s and 

                          Lion  equal       size      strength 

 McCaslin  dogs were            s        in      and            and 

            s 

 perhaps even in courage, but they were not fools; Old Ben 

 had killed the last fool among them last year. 

    Tennie s Jim came in as they finished. The wagon was 

 outside. Ash decided he would drive them over to the log- 

 line where they would flag the outbound log-train and let 

 Tennie's Jim wash the dishes. The boy knew why. It would 

 not be the first time he had listened to old Ash badgering 

 Boon. 

    It was cold. The wagon wheels banged and clattered on 

 the frozen ground; the sky was fixed and brilliant. He was 

                          THE BEAR                             229 

not shivering, he was shaking, slow and steady and hard, 

the food he had just eaten still warm and solid inside h im 

while his outside shook slow and steady around it as thov gh 

his stomach floated loose.  ‘‘They wont run this momin ;?,” 

he said. “No dog will have any nose today.'* 

   “Cep Lion," Ash said. *    Lion dont need no nose. All he 

need is a bear." He had wrapped his feet in towsacks ind 

he had a quilt from his pallet bed on the kitchen fl K>r 

drawn over his head anci  wrapped around him until in 

the thin brilliant starlight lie looked like nothing at all tJiat 

the boy had ever seen bet  ore.  “He run a bear througl  a 

thousand-acre ice-house. C atch him too. Them other d»)gs 

dont matter because they aint going to keep up with L)on 

nohow, long as he got a bear in front of him." 

   “What's wrong with the other dogs?" Boon said. “What 

the hell do you know about it  anyway? This is  the first 

time you've had your tail out of that kitchen since we got 

here except to chop a little wood." 

   “Aint nothing wrong with them," Ash said. “And long as 

it's  left up to them, aint nothing going to be. I  just wish 

I had knowed all my life how to take care of my health 

good as them hounds knows." 

   “Well, they aint going to run this morning," Boon said. 

His voice was harsh and positive.  “Major promised they 

wouldn't until me and Ike get back." 

   “Weather gonter break today. Gonter soft up. Rain by 

night." Then Ash laughed, chuckled, somewhere inside the 

quilt  which  concealed  even his  face.       “Hum up here, 

mules!" he said, jerking the reins so that the mules leaped 

 forward and snatched the lurching and banging wagon for 

several feet before they slowed again into their quick, short- 

paced, rapid plodding. “Sides, I like to know why Major 


need to wait on you. It’s Lion he aiming to use. I aint never 

heard tell  of you bringing no bear nor no other kind of 

meat into this camp.” 

   Now Boon's going to curse Ash or mayhe even hit him, 

the boy thought. But Boon never did, never had; the boy 

knew he never would even though four years ago Boon had 

shot five times with a borrowed pistol at a negro on the 

street in Jefferson, with the same result as when he had 

shot five times at Old Ben last fall.  ^'By God,” Boon said, 

 '*he aint going to put Lion or no other dog on nothing until 

I get back tonight.  Because he premised me. Whip up 

them mules and keep them whipped up. Do you want me 

to freeze to death?” 

   They reached the log-line and built a fire. After a while 

the Ipg train came up out of the woods under the paling 

east and Boon flagged it.   Then in the warm caboose the 

boy slept again while Boon and the conductor and brake- 

man talked about Lion and Old Ben as people later would 

talk about Sullivan and Kilrain and, later still, about Demp- 

 sey and Tunney. Dozing, swaying as the springless ca- 

boose lurched and clattered, he would hear them still talk- 

ing, about the shoats and calves Old Ben had killed and 

the cribs he had rifled and the traps and deadfalls he had 

wrecked and the lead he probably carried under his hide 

Old Ben, the two-toed bear in a land where bears with 

 trap-ruined feet had been called Two-Toe or Three-Toe or 

 Cripple-Foot for fifty years, only Old Ben was an extra 

 bear (thehead bear. General Compson called him) and so 

 had earned a name such as a human man could have worn 

 and not been sorry. 

   They reached Hoke s at sunup. They emerged from the 

 warm caboose in their hunting clothes, the muddy boots 

                        THE BEAR                          231 

and stained khaki and Boon s blue unshaven jowls. But that 

was all  right.  Hokes was a sawmill and commissary and 

two stores and a loading-chute on a sidetrack from the m; in 

line, and all the men in it  wore boots and khaki too. Pi es- 

ently the Memphis train came. Boon bought three packages 

of popcom-and-molasses and a bottle of beer from the n( ws 

butch and the boy went  »     sleep again to the sound of ais 

chewing. 

   But in Memphis it was not all right. It was as if the h gh 

buildings and the hard pavements, the fine carriages i-nd 

the horse cars and the men in starched collars and necknes 

made their boots and khaki look a little rougher and a li tie 

muddier and made Boon’s beard look worse and more un- 

 shaven and his  face look more and more like he should 

never have brought it out of the woods at all or at least out 

 of reach of Major de Spain or McCaslin or someone who 

 knew it  and could have said,  *'Dont be afraid.  He wont 

hurt you.’’ He walked through the station, on the slick floor, 

his face moving as he worked the popcorn out of his teeth 

with his tongue, his legs spraddled and stiff in the hips as 

 if he were walking on buttered glass, and that blue stubble 

 on his face like the filings from a new gun-barrel. They 

 passed the first saloon. Even through the closed doors the 

 boy could seem to smell the sawdust and the reek of old 

 drink. Boon began to cough. He coughed for something 

 less than a minute. *^Damn this cold,” he said.  *Td sure 

 like to know where I got it.” 

    '"Back there in the station,” the boy said. 

   Boon had started to cough again. He stopped. He looked 

 at the boy. *What?” he said. 

    ''You never had it when we left camp nor on the train 


either.” Boon looked at him, blinking. Then he stopped 

blinking. He didn't cough again. He said quietly: 

   *'Lend me a dollar. Come on. You've got it.  If you ever 

had one, you've still got it.  I dont mean you are tight with 

your money because you aint. You just dont never seem 

to ever think of nothing you want. When I was sixteen a 

dollar bill melted off of me before I even had time to read 

the name of the bank that issued it.” He said quietly:  ''Let 

me have a dollar, Ike.” 

   "You promised Major. You promised McCaslin. Not till 

we get back to camp.” 

   "All right,” Boon said in that quiet and patient voice. 

"What can I do on just one dollar? You aint going to lend 

me another.” 

   "You're damn right I aint,” the boy said, his voice quiet 

too, cold with rage which was not at Boon, remembering: 

Boon snoring in a hard chair in the kitchen so he could 

watch the clock and wake him and McCaslin and drive 

them the seventeen miles in to Jefferson to catch the train 

to Memphis; the wild,  never-bridled  Texas paint pony 

which he had persuaded McCaslin to let  him buy and 

which he and Boon had bought at auction for four dollars 

and seventy-five cents and fetched home wired between two 

gentle old mares with pieces of barbed wire and which had 

never even seen shelled com before and didn't even know 

what it was unless the grains were bugs maybe and at last 

 (hewas ten and Boon had been ten all his life) Boon said 

 the pony was gentled and with a towsack over its head and 

 four negroes to hold it  they backed it   into an old two- 

wheeled cart and hooked up the gear and he and Boon got 

up and Boon said, "All right, boys. Let him go” and one 

               — 

of the negroes    ^it was Tennie's Jim—snatched the tow- 

                         THE BEAR                           ^33 

sack ofF and leaped for his life and they lost the first wheel 

against a post of the open gate only at that moment B x>n 

caught him by the scruff («f the neck and flung him into the 

roadside ditch so he only saw the rest of it  in fragme its: 

the other wheel as it  slammed through the side gate  ind 

crossed the back yard and leaped up onto the gallery  ind 

scraps of the cart here and there along the road and Boon 

vanishing rapidly on his stomach in the leaping and spurt- 

ing dust and still holding the reins until they broke too md 

two days later they finally  caught the pony seven n iles 

away still  wearing the  !iames and the headstall  of the 

bridle around its neck lik<‘ a duchess with two necklaces at 

one time. He gave Boon the dollar. 

   ‘^All right/' Boon said. “Come on in out of the cold.” 

   “I aint cold/' he said. 

   “You can have some lemonade.” 

   “I dont want any lemonade.” 

   The door closed behind him. The sun was well up now. 

It was a brilliant day, though Ash had said it  would rain 

before night. Already it  was warmer; they could run to- 

morrow. He felt the old lift of the heart, as pristine as ever, 

as on the first day; he would never lose it,  no matter how 

old in hunting and pursuit: the best, the best of all breath- 

ing, the humility and the pride.  He must stop thinking 

about it.  Already it  seemed to him that he was running, 

back to the station, to the tracks themselves: the first train 

going south; he must stop thinking about it. The street was 

busy. He watched the big Norman draft horses, the Per- 

cherons; the trim carriages from which the men in the fine 

overcoats and the ladies rosy in furs descended and entered 

the station.   (They were still   next door to it  but one.) 

Twenty years ago his father had ridden into Memphis as 


a member of Colonel Sartoris' horse in Forrest^s command, 

up Main street and (the tale told) into the lobby of the 

Gayoso Hotel where the Yankee officers sat in the leather 

chairs spitting into the tall bright cuspidors and then out 

again, scot-free 

   The door opened behind him. Boon was wiping his 

mouth on the back of his hand. '‘All right,'' he said. "Let's 

go tend to it and get the hell out of here." 

   They went and had the suitcase packed. He never knew 

where or when Boon got the other bottle.  Doubtless Mr 

Semmes gave it to him. When they reached Hoke's again 

at sundown, it was empty. They could get a return train 

to Hoke's in two hours; they went straight back to  the 

station as Major de Spain and then McCaslin had told 

Boon to do and then ordered him to do and had sent the 

boy along to see that he did. Boon took the first drink from 

his bottle in the wash room. A man in a uniform cap came 

to tell him he couldn't drink there and looked at Boon's 

face once and said nothing. The next time he was pouring 

into his water glass beneath the edge of a table  in the 

restaurant when the manager (she was a woman) did tell 

him he couldn't drink there and he went back to the wash- 

room. He had been telling the negro waiter and all  the 

 other people in the restaurant who couldn't help but hear 

him and who had never heard of Lion and didn't want to, 

 about Lion and Old Ben. Then he happened to think of 

 the zoo. He had found out that there was another train to 

 Hoke's at three oclock and so they would spend the time 

 at the zoo and take the three oclock train until he came 

 back from the washroom for the third time. Then they 

 would take the first train back to camp, get Lion and come 

 back to the zoo where, he said, the bears were fed on ice 

                        THE BEAR                           ^35 

cream and lady fingers and he would match Lion against 

them all. 

   So they missed the first train, the one they were suppc sed 

to take, but he got Boon onto the three oclock train        ind 

they were all right again, with Boon not even going to the 

wash-room now but drink mg in the aisle and talking al out 

Lion and the men he buttonholed no more daring to tell 

Boon he couldn't drink there than the man in the sta ion 

had dared. 

   When they reached Hc>ke  at sundown. Boon 

                              s                    was asL ep. 

The boy waked him at 1 ist  and got him and the suit ase 

off the train and he even [persuaded him to eat some suf per 

at the sawmill commissary. So he was all right when they 

got in the caboose of the log-train to go back into the woods, 

with the sun going down red and the sky already overcast 

and the ground would not freeze tonight. It was the boy 

who slept now, sitting behind the ruby stove while the 

springless caboose jumped and clattered and Boon and the 

brakeman and the conductor talked about Lion and Old 

Ben because they knew what Boon was talking about be- 

cause this was home. ^^Overcast and already thawing," Boon 

said. ^Tion will get him tomorrow." 

   It would have to be Lion, or somebody. It would not be 

Boon. He had never hit anything bigger than a squirrel 

that anybody ever knew, except the negro woman that day 

when he was shooting at the negro man. He was a big 

negro and not ten feet away but Boon shot five times with 

the pistol he had borrowed from Major de Spain s negro 

coachman and the negro he was shooting at outed with a 

dollar-and-a-half mail-order pistol and would have burned 

Boon down with it  only it  never went off,  it  just went 

snicksnicksnicksnicksnick five times and Boon still blasting 


away and he broke a plate-glass window that cost McCaslin 

forty-five dollars and hit a negro woman who happened to 

be passing in the leg only Major de Spain paid for that; he 

and McCaslin cut cards, the plate-glass window against the 

negro woman's leg. And the first day on stand this year, the 

first morning in camp, the buck ran right over Boon; he 

heard Boon's old pump gun go whow. whow. whow. whow. 

whow. and then his voice:        ‘'God damn, here he comes! 

Head him! Head him!" and when he got there the buck's 

tracks and the five exploded shells were not twenty paces 

apart. 

   There were five guests in camp that night, from Jeffer- 

son: Mr Bayard Sartoris and his son and General Comp- 

son's son and two others. And the next morning he looked 

out the window, into the gray thin drizzle of daybreak 

which Ash had predicted, and there they were, standing 

and squatting beneath the thin rain, almost two dozen of 

them who had fed Old Ben corn and shoats and even 

calves for ten years, in their worn hats and hunting coats 

and overalls which any town negro would have thrown 

away or burned and only the  rubber boots  strong and 

sound, and the worn and blueless guns and some even 

without guns. While they ate  breakfast  a  dozen more 

arrived, mounted and on foot: loggers from the camp thir- 

teen miles below and sawmill men from Hoke's and the 

only gun among them that one which the log-train con- 

ductor carried: so that when they went into the woods this 

morning Major de Spain led a party almost as strong, ex- 

cepting that some of them were not armed, as some he had 

led in the last darkening days of '64 and '65. The little yard 

would not hold them. They overflowed it,          into the lane 

where Major de Spain sat his mare while Ash in his dirty 

                           THE BEAR                             ^37 

apron thrust the greasy cartridges  into his  carbine  and 

passed it up to him and the great grave blue dog stood at 

his stirrup not as a dog stands but as a horse stands, hli ik- 

ing his sleepy topaz eyes at nothing, deaf even to the yell ng 

of the hounds which Boon and Tennie s Jim held on \ei sh. 

   'We'll put General G>mpson on Katie this momii g," 

Major de Spain said. "He drew blood last year; if he'd  lad 

                                                                    " 

a mule then that would liave stood, he would have 

   "No," General Compsoa said. "I'm too old to go hel ing 

through the woods on a mule or a horse or anything  :lse 

any more. Besides, I had my chance last year and missec! it. 

Tm going on a stand this morning. I'm going to let that 

boy ride Katie." 

   "No, wait," McCaslin said. "Ike's got the rest of his life 

                                                " 

to hunt bears in. Let somebody else 

   "No," General Compson said. "I want Ike to ride Katie. 

He's already a better woodsman than you or me either and 

in another ten years he'll be as good as Walter." 

   At first he couldn't believe it,  not until Major de Spain 

spoke to him. Then he was up, on the one-eyed mule which 

would not spook at wild blood, looking down at the dog 

motionless at Major de Spain's stirrup, looking in the gray 

streaming light bigger than a calf, bigger than he knew it 

actually , was—the big head, the chest almost as big as his 

own, the blue hide beneath which the muscles flinched or 

quivered to no touch since the heart which drove blood to 

them loved no man and no thing, standing as a horse stands 

yet different from a horse which infers only weight and 

speed while Lion inferred not only courage and all else that 

went to make up the will and desire to pursue and kill, but 

endurance, the will and desire to endure beyond all  imag- 

inable limits of flesh in order to overtake and slay. Then 


the dog looked at him. It moved its head and looked at him 

across the trivial uproar of the hounds, out of the yellow 

eyes as depthless as Boon s, as free as Boones of meanness 

or generosity or gentleness or viciousness. They were just 

cold and sleepy. Then it blinked, and he knew it was not 

looking at him and never had been, without even bothering 

to turn its head away. 

   That morning he heard the first cry. Lion had already 

vanished while Sam and Tennie^s Jim were putting saddles 

on the mule and horse which had drawn the wagon and he 

watched the hounds as they crossed and cast, snuffing and 

whimpering, until  they too disappeared.  Then he and 

Major de Spain and Sam and Tennie's Jim rode after them 

and heard the first cry out of the wet and thawing woods 

not two hundred yards ahead, high, with that abject, almost 

human quality he had come to know, and the other hounds 

joining in until  the gloomed woods rang and clamored. 

They rode then. It  seemed to him that he could actually 

see the big blue dog boring on, silent, and the bear too: 

the thick,  locomotive-like shape which he had seen that 

day four years ago crossing the blow-down, crashing on 

ahead of the dogs faster than he had believed it could have 

moved, drawing away even from the running mules. He 

heard a shotgun, once. The woods had opened, they were 

going fast,  the clamor faint  and fading on ahead; they 

passed the man who had fired—a swamper, a pointing arm, 

a gaunt face, the small black orifice of his yelling studded 

with rotten teeth. 

   He heard the changed note in the hounds* uproar and 

two hundred yards ahead he saw them. The bear had 

turned. He saw Lion drive in without pausing and saw the 

bear strike him aside and lunge into the yelling hounds 

                        THE BEAR                           ^39 

and kill one of them almost in its tracks and whirl and run 

again. Then they were in a streaming tide of dogs. He 

heard Major de Spain and Tennie's Jim shouting and he 

pistol sound of Tennie's Jims leather thong as he tried to 

turn them. Then he and Sam Fathers were riding alo le. 

One of the hounds had kept on with Lion though.  He 

recognised its voice. It was the young hound which eve^i a 

year ago had had no judgment and which, by the lig lits 

of the other hounds anyv ay, still  had none. Mayhe th tt's 

what courage is, he thought. ^'Right,'^ Sam said behind h m. 

^^Right. We got to turn him from the river if we can/* 

   Now they were in cane: a brake.  He knew the pith 

through it as well as Sam did. They came out of the un- 

dergrowth and struck the entrance almost exactly. It would 

traverse the brake and come out onto a high open ridge 

above the river.  He heard the flat clap of Walter Ewelhs 

rifle, then two more.  ^'No,**  Sam said.       can hear the 

hound. Go on.** 

   They emerged from the narrow roofless tunnel of snap- 

ping and hissing cane, still  galloping, onto the open ridge 

below which the thick yellow river,  reflectionless  in the 

gray and streaming light,  seemed not to move. Now he 

could hear the hound too.  It was not running. The cry 

was a high frantic yapping and Boon was running along 

the edge of the bluff, his old gun leaping and jouncing 

against his back on its sling made of a piece of cotton plow- 

line. He whirled and ran up to them, wild-faced, and flung 

himself onto the mule behind the boy. ^That damn boat!** 

he cried. *lt*s on the other side! He went straight across! 

Lion was too close to him! That little hound too! Lion was 

so close I  couldn*t shoot!  Go on!**  he cried, beating his 

heels into the mule*s flanks. ‘*Go on!** 


   They plunged down the bank, slipping and sliding in 

the thawed earth, crashing through the willows and into 

the water. He felt no shock, no cold, he on one side of the 

swimming mule, grasping the pommel with one hand and 

holding his gun above the water with the other, Boon op 

posite him. Sam was behind them somewhere, and then the 

river, the water about them, was full of dogs. They swam 

faster than the mules; they were scrabbling up the bank 

before  the mules touched bottom. Major de Spain was 

whooping from the bank they had just left and, looking 

back, he saw Tennie^s Jim and the horse as they went into 

the water. 

   Now the woods ahead of them and the rain-heavy air 

were one uproar.  It  rang and clamored; it      echoed and 

brol^e  against the bank behind them and reformed and 

clamored and rang until it  seemed to the boy that all  the 

hounds which had ever bayed game in this land were yell- 

ing down at him. He got his leg over the mule as it came up 

out of the water.  Boon didn't  try  to  mount again.  He 

grasped one stirrup as they went up the bank and crashed 

through the undergrowth which fringed the bluff and saw 

the bear, on its hind feet, its back against a tree while the 

bellowing hounds swirled around it  and once more Lion 

drove in, leaping clear of the ground. 

   This time the bear didn't strike him down. It caught the 

dog in both arms, almost loverlike,  and they both went 

down. He was off  the mule now. He drew back both 

hammers of the gun but he could see nothing but moiling 

 spotted houndbodies until the bear surged up again. Boon 

was yelling something, he could not tell what; he could see 

 Lion still clinging to the bear s throat and he saw the bear, 

half erect, strike one of the hounds with one paw and hurl 

                         THE BEAR                            241 

it  five or six feet and then, rising and rising as though it 

would never stop, stand erect again and begin to rake at 

Lion s belly with its  fore])aws. Then Boon was runni ig. 

The boy saw the gleam of the blade  in his  hand i  nd 

watched him leap among the hounds, hurdling them, k: :k- 

ing them aside as he ran, ,tnd fling himself astride the htar 

as he had hurled himself  onto the mule, his legs loc ed 

around the bears belly, his left arm under the bear s thi >at 

where Lion clung, and the glint of the knife as  it  1  yse 

and fell. 

   It fell just once. For an instant they almost resemble 1     a 

piece of statuary: the clinging dog, the bear, the man stride 

its back, working and probing the buried blade. Then they 

went down, pulled over backward by Boones weight, Boon 

underneath. It was the bear s back which reappeared first 

but at once Boon was astride it  again. He had never re- 

leased the knife and again  the boy saw the almost in- 

finitesimal movement of his arm and shoulder as he probed 

and sought; then the bear surged erect, raising with it  the 

man and the dog too,  and turned and still         carrying the 

man and the dog it  took two or three steps toward the 

woods on its hind feet as a man would have walked and 

crashed down. It didn't collapse, crumple. It fell all  of a 

piece, as a tree falls, so that all three of them, man dog and 

bear, seemed to bounce once. 

   He and Tennie's Jim ran forward. Boon was kneeling at 

the bears head. His left ear was shredded, his  left  coat 

sleeve was completely gone, his right boot had been ripped 

from knee to instep; the bright blood thinned in the thin 

rain down his leg and hand and arm and down the side 

of his face which was no longer wild but was quite calm. 

Together they prized Lion s jaws from the bear's  throat. 


**Easy, goddamn it,'^  Boon said. **Cant you see his guts are 

all out of him?” He began to remove his coat. He spoke to 

Tennie^s Jim in that calm voice:  ^'Bring the boat up. It's 

about a hundred yards down the bank there.  I  saw it.” 

Tennie s Jim rose and went away. Then, and he could not 

remember if  it  had been a call  or an exclamation from 

Tennie's Jim or if he had glanced up by chance, he saw 

Tennie s Jim stooping and saw Sam Fathers lying motion- 

le^ on his face in the trampled mud. 

   The mule had not thrown him. He remembered that 

Sam was down too even before Boon began to run. There 

was no mark on him whatever and when he and Boon 

turned him over, his eyes were open and he said something 

in that tongue which he and Joe Baker had used to speak 

together. But he couldn't move. Tennie's Jim brought the 

skiff up; they could hear him shouting to Major de Spain 

across the river.  Boon wrapped Lion in his hunting coat 

and carried him down to the skiff  and they carried Sam 

down and returned and hitched the bear to the one-eyed 

mule's  saddle-bow with Tennie's Jim's  leash-thong  and 

dragged him down to the skiff and got him into it and left 

Tennie's Jim to swim the horse and the two mules back 

across. Major de Spain caught the bow of the skiff as Boon 

jumped out and past him before it  touched the bank. He 

looked at  Old Ben and said  quietly:      ''Well.” Then he 

walked into the water and leaned down and touched Sam 

and Sam looked up at him and said something in that old 

tongue he and Joe Baker spoke. "You dont know what hap- 

pened?” Major de Spain said. 

   "No, sir,”  the boy said.  "It wasn't the mule. It wasn't 

an5rthing. He was oflF the mule when Boon ran in on the 

bear. Then we looked up and he was lying on the ground.” 

                          THE BEAR                               243 

Boon was shouting at Tennie s Jim, still  in the middle of 

the river. 

   ^'Come on, goddamn it!'*  he said. ^^Bring me that mul 

   ^What do you want with a mule?^^ Major de Spain sa d. 

   Boon didn't even look at him. 'Tm going to Hoke's to 

get the doctor," he said in that calm voice, his face qc te 

calm beneath the steady thinning of the bright blood. 

   ‘Tou need a doctor yourself,"  Major de Spain s£  d. 

                       " 

^Tennie’s Jim 

   ‘^Damn that," Boon said  He turned on Major de Spa n. 

His face was still  calm, orJy his voice was a pitch higher. 

^^Cant you see his goddamn guts are all out of him?" 

   **Boon!" Major de Spain said.  They looked at one an- 

other. Boon was a good head taller than Major de Spain; 

even the boy was taller now than Major de Spain. 

   ^I've got to get the doctor," Boon said.  ^'His goddamn 

           " 

guts 

   **A11  right," Major de Spain said. Tennie's Jim came up 

out of the water. The horse and the sound mule had al- 

ready scented Old Ben; they surged and plunged all  the 

way up to the top of the bluff,  dragging Tennie's Jim 

with them, before he could stop them and tie  them and 

come back. Major de Spain unlooped the leather thong of 

his compass from his buttonhole and gave it  to Tennie's 

Jim. ‘'Go straight to Hoke's," he said. “Bring Doctor Craw- 

ford back with you. Tell him there are  two men to be 

looked at.  Take my mare. Can you find the road from 

here?" 

   “Yes, sir," Tennie's Jim said. 

   “All right," Major de Spain said. “Go on." He turned 

to the boy. “Take the mules and the horse and go back and 


get the wagon. Well go on down the river in the boat to 

Coon bridge. Meet us there. Can you find it again?'^ 

   ‘Tfes, sir,” the boy said. 

   '‘All right. Get started.” 

   He went back to the wagon. He realised then how far 

diey had run. It was already afternoon when he put the 

mules into the traces and tied the horse's lead-rope to the 

tail-gate. He reached Coon bridge at dusk. The skiff was 

already there. Before he could see it and almost before he 

could see the water he had to leap from the tilting wagon, 

still holding the reins, and work around to where he could 

grasp the bit and then the ear of the plunging sound mule 

and dig his heels and hold it until Boon came up the bank. 

The rope of the led horse had already snapped and it had 

already disappeared up the road toward camp. They turned 

the wagon around and took the mules out and he led the 

sound mule a hundred yards up the road and tied it.  Boon 

had already brought Lion up to the wagon and Sam was 

sitting up in the skiff now and when they raised him he 

tried to walk, up the bank and to the wagon and he tried 

to climb into the wagon but Boon did not wait; he picked 

Sam up bodily and set him on the seat. Then they hitched 

Old Ben to the one-eyed mule s saddle again and dragged 

him up the bank and set two skid-poles into the open tail- 

gate and got him into the wagon and he went and got the 

 sound mule and Boon fought it into the traces, striking it 

across  its  hard hollow-sounding face until  it       came into 

position and stood trembling. Then the rain came down, as 

though it had held off all day waiting on them. 

   They returned to camp through it,  through the stream- 

 ing and sightless dark, hearing long before they saw any 

 light the horn and the spaced shots to guide them. When 

                        THE BEAR                          245 

they came to Sam s dark little hut he tried to stand up. He 

spoke again in the tongue of the old fathers; then he said 

clearly:  'Tet me out. Let me out.'' 

   ''He hasn't got any fire, ' Major said.  "Go on!" he sa id 

sharply. 

   But Sam was struggling now, trying to stand up. "Let me 

out, master," he said. "Let me go home." 

   So he stopped the wagon and Boon got down and lift jd 

Sam out. He did not wait to let Sam try to walk this tin e. 

He carried him into the hut and Major de Spain got lig fit 

on a paper spill from the buried embers on the hearth a id 

                                          bunk             • 

lit the lamp and Boon put Sam on his            and drew iff 

his boots and Major de Spain covered him and the boy v as 

not there, he was holding the mules, the sound one which 

was trying again to bolt since when the wagon stopped Old 

Ben's scent drifted forward again along the streaming black- 

ness of air, but Sam's eyes were probably open again on 

that profound look which saw further than them or the 

hut, further than the death of a bear and the dying of a 

dog. Then they went on, toward the long wailing of the 

horn and the shots which seemed each to  linger intact 

somewhere in the thick streaming air until the next spaced 

report joined and blended with it, to the lighted house, the 

bright streaming windows, the quiet faces as Boon entered, 

bloody and quite calm, carrying the bundled coat. He laid 

Lion, blood coat and all,  on his stale sheetless pallet bed 

which not even Ash, as deft in the house as a woman, could 

ever make smooth. 

   The sawmill doctor from Hoke's was already there. Boon 

would not let the doctor touch him until he had seen to 

Lion. He wouldn't risk giving Lion chloroform. He put the 

entrails back and sewed him up without it while Major de 


Spain held his head and Boon his feet. But he never tried 

to move. He lay there, the yellow eyes open upon nothing 

while the quiet men in the new hunting clothes and in the 

old ones crowded into the little airless room rank with the 

smell of Boon s body and garments, and watched. Then 

the doctor cleaned and disinfected Boon's face and arm and 

leg and bandaged them and, the boy in front with a lantern 

and the doctor and McCaslin and Major de Spain and 

General Compson following, they went to  Sam Fathers' 

hut. Tennie s Jim had built up the fire; he squatted before 

it,  dozing. Sam had not moved since Boon had put him 

in the bunk and Major de Spain had covered him with the 

blankets, yet he opened his eyes and looked from one to 

another of the faces and when McCaslin touched his shoul- 

der and said,  '‘Sam. The doctor wants to look at you," he 

even drew his hands out of  the blanket and began to 

fumble at his shirt buttons until McCaslin said,  “Wait. 

We’ll do it."   They undressed him.  He lay  there—the 

copper-brown, almost hairless body, the old man’s body, 

the old man, the wild man not even one generation from 

the woods, childless,  kinless,  peopleless—emotionless,  his 

eyes open but no longer looking at any of them, while the 

doctor examined him and drew the blankets up and put 

the stethoscope back into his bag and snapped the bag and 

only the boy knew that Sam too was going to die. 

   “Exhaustion," the doctor said. “Shock maybe. A man his 

age swimming rivers in December. He’ll be all right. Just 

make him stay in bed for a day or two. Will there be some- 

body here with him?" 

   “There will be somebody here," Major de Spain said. 

   They went back to the house, to the rank little  room 

where Boon still  sat on the pallet bed with Lion’s head 

                         THE BEAR                            247 

under his hand while the men, the ones who had hunted 

behind Lion and the ones who had never seen him before 

today, came quietly in to look at him and went away, Th( n 

it was dawn and they all went out into the yard to look it 

Old Ben, with his eyes opc n too and his lips snarled ba k 

from his worn teeth and his mutilated foot and the litt le 

hard lumps under his  skin which were the old bulk ts 

 (there were fifty-two of th^ m, buckshot rifle and ball) ai d 

the single almost invisible slit under his left shoulder whe re 

Boon’s blade had finally found his life. Then Ash began :o 

beat on the bottom of the dishpan with a heavy spoon xy 

call  them to breakfast and it  was the first  time he cou d 

remember hearing no sound from the  dogs under the 

kitchen while they were eating. It was as if the old bear, 

even dead there in the yard, was a more potent terror still 

than they could face without Lion between them. 

   The rain had stopped during the night. By midmoming 

the thin  sun appeared, rapidly burning away mist  and 

cloud, warming the air and the earth; it would be one of 

those windless Mississippi December days which are a sort 

of Indian summer s Indian summer. They moved Lion out 

to the front gallery, into the sun. It was Boon’s idea. ^*God- 

damn it,” he said, *'he never did want to stay in the house 

until  I made him. You know that.”  He took a crowbar 

and loosened the floor boards under his pallet bed so it 

could be raised, mattress and all, without disturbing Lion’s 

position, and they carried him out to the gallery and put 

him down facing the woods. 

   Then he and the doctor and McCaslin and Major de 

 Spain went to Sam’s hut. This time Sam didn’t open his 

 eyes and his breathing was so quiet, so peaceful that they 

 could hardly see that he breathed. The doctor didn’t even 


take out his  stethoscope nor even touch him. ^'He^s all 

right,” the doctor said. ''He didn't even catch cold. He just 

      ” 

   •x. 

quit. 

   "Quit?” McCaslin said. 

   "Yes. Old people do that sometimes. Then they get a 

good night's sleep or maybe it's just a drink of whisky, and 

they change their minds.” 

   They returned to the house. And then they began to 

arrive—the swamp-dwellers, the gaunt men who ran trap- 

lines and lived on quinine and coons and river water, the 

farmers of little corn- and cotton-patches along the bottom's 

edge whose fields and cribs and pig-pens the old bear had 

rifled,  the loggers from the camp and the sawmill men 

from Hoke's and the town men from further away than 

that, whose hounds the old bear had slain and traps and 

deadfalls he had wrecked and whose lead he carried. They 

came up mounted and on foot and in wagons, to enter the 

yard and look at him and then go on to the front where 

Lion lay,  filling  the little  yard and overflowing it  until 

there were almost a hundred of them squatting and stand- 

ing in the warm and drowsing sunlight, talking quietly of 

hunting, of the game and the dogs which ran it, of hounds 

and bear and deer and men of yesterday vanished from the 

earth, while from time to time the great blue dog would 

open his eyes, not as if he were listening to them but as 

 though to look at the woods for a moment before closing 

his eyes again, to remember the woods or to see that they 

were still there. He died at sundown. 

   Major de Spain broke camp that night.  They carried 

Lion into the woods, or Boon carried him that is, wrapped 

 in a quilt from his bed, just as he had refused to let anyone 

 else touch Lion yesterday until the doctor got there; Boon 

                        THE BEAR                           249 

carrying Lion, and the boy and General Compson and 

Walter and still almost fifty of them following with lanterns 

and lighted pine-knots—men from Hokes and even fur- 

ther, who would have to ride out of the bottom in the dar 

and swampers and trappers who would have to walk eve: i, 

scattering toward the little hidden huts where they live 1. 

And Boon would let nobody else dig the grave either ar d 

lay Lion in it  and cover hun and then General Compsc a 

stood at the head of it  while the blaze and smoke of tl e 

pine-knots streamed away among the winter branches ar d 

spoke as he would have spc ken over a man. Then they r 

turned to camp. Major de Spain and McCaslin and Ash 

had rolled  and tied  all   tlie  bedding.  The mules weie 

hitched to the wagon and pointed out of the bottom and 

the wagon was already loaded and the stove in the kitchen 

was cold and the table was set with scraps of cold food and 

bread and only the coffee was hot when the boy ran into 

the kitchen where Major de Spain and McCaslin had al- 

ready eaten. ^TVhat?^^ he cried. *What? Tm not going.” 

   ^Tes,” McCaslin said, ^Ve re going out tonight. Major 

wants to get on back home.” 

   ‘"No!” he said. *Tm going to stay.” 

   ''YouVe got to be back in school Monday. YouVe al- 

ready missed a week more than I  intended. It will  take 

you from now until Monday to catch up. Sam's all right. 

You heard Doctor Crawford. I'm going to leave Boon and 

Tennie's Jim both to  stay with him until  he feels  like 

getting up.” 

   He was panting. The others had come in.  He looked 

rapidly and almost frantically around at  the other faces. 

Boon had a fresh bottle. He upended it and started the cork 

by striking the bottom of the bottle with the heel of his 


hand and drew the cork with his teeth and spat it out and 

drank.  ‘'You're damn right you're going back to  school," 

Boon said. “Or I'll bum the tail off of you myself if Cass 

dont, whether you are sixteen or sixty. Where in hell do 

you expect to get without education? Where would Cass 

be? Where in hell would I be if  I hadn't never went to 

school?" 

   He looked at McCaslin again. He could feel his breath 

coming shorter and shorter and shallower and shallower, 

as if  there were not enough air  in the kitchen for that 

many to breathe. “This is just Thursday. I'll  come home 

Sunday night on one of the horses. I'll come home Sunday, 

then. I'll make up the time I lost studying Sunday night. 

McCaslin," he said, without even despair. 

   “No, I tell you," McCaslin said. “Sit down here and eat 

                                           " 

your supper. We're going out to 

   “Hold up, Cass," General Compson said. The boy did 

not know General Compson had moved until he put his 

hand on his shoulder. “What is it, bud?" he said. 

   “I've got to stay," he said. “I've got to." 

   “All right," General Compson said.  “You can stay.  If 

missing an extra week of school is going to throw you so far 

behind you'll have to sweat to find out what some hired 

pedagogue put between the covers of a book, you better 

 quit altogether.—And you shut up, Cass," he said, though 

 McCaslin had not spoken. “You've got one foot straddled 

 into a farm and the other foot straddled into a bank; you 

 aint even got a good hand-hold where this boy was already 

 an old man long before you damned Sartorises and Ed- 

 mondses invented farms and banks to keep yourselves from 

 having to find out what this boy was bom knowing and 

 fearing too maybe but without being afraid, that could go 

                         THE BEAR                             2^1 

ten miles on a compass because he wanted to look at a bear 

none of us had ever got near enough to put a bullet in and 

looked at the bear and came the ten miles back on tie 

compass in the dark; maylx! by God that's the why and t le 

wherefore of farms and banks.—I reckon you still aint goi ig 

to tell what it is?" 

   But still he could not.    Ve got to stay," he said. 

   ''All right," General C(mpson said.  "There's plenty of 

grub left. And you'll com. home Sunday, like you prem- 

ised McCaslin? Not Sund ly night: Sunday." 

   "Yes, sir," he said. 

   "All right," General Compson said.  "Sit down and eit, 

boys," he said. "Let's get started. It's going to be cold beh^re 

we get home." 

   They ate. The wagon was already loaded and ready to 

depart; all  they had to do was to get into it.     Boon would 

drive them out to the road, to the farmer's stable where the 

surrey had been left.  He stood beside the wagon, in sil- 

houette on the sky, turbaned like a Paythan and taller than 

any there, the bottle tilted. Then he flung the bottle from 

his lips without even lowering it,  spinning and glinting in 

the faint starlight,  empty. "Them that's going," he said, 

"get in the goddamn wagon. Them that aint,  get out of 

the goddamn way." The others got in. Boon mounted to the 

seat beside General Compson and the wagon moved, on 

into the obscurity until the boy could no longer see it, even 

the moving density of it  amid the greater night.  But he 

could still  hear it, for a long while:  the slow, deliberate 

banging of the wooden frame as it lurched from rut to rut. 

And he could hear Boon even when he could no longer 

hear the wagon. He was singing, harsh, tuneless, loud. 

   That was Thursday. On Saturday morning Tennie's 


Jim left on McCaslin^s woods-horse which had not been 

out of the bottom one time now in six years, and late that 

afternoon rode through the gate on the spent horse and on 

to the commissary where McCaslin was rationing the ten- 

ants and the wage-hands for the coming week, and this time 

McCaslin forestalled any necessity or risk of having to wait 

while Major de Spain s surrey was being horsed and har- 

nessed. He took their own, and with Tennie s Jim already 

asleep in the back seat he drove in to Jefferson and waited 

while Major de Spain changed to boots and put on his 

overcoat, and they drove the thirty miles in the dark of 

that  night  and at  daybreak on  Sunday morning they 

swapped to the waiting mare and mule and as the sun rose 

they rode out of the jungle and onto the low ridge where 

they had buried  Lion:  the  low mound of  unannealed 

earth where Boon’s spade-marks still  showed and beyond 

the grave the platform of freshly cut saplings bound be- 

tween four posts and the blanket-wrapped bundle upon the 

platform and Boon and the boy squatting between the 

platform and the grave until Boon, the bandage removed, 

ripped, from his head so that the long scoriations of Old 

Ben s claws resembled crusted tar in the sunlight, sprang 

up and threw down upon them with the old gun with 

which he had never been known to hit anything although 

McCaslin was already off the mule, kicked both feet free 

of the irons and vaulted down before the mule had stopped, 

walking toward Boon. 

   ^‘Stand back,” Boon said. ‘^By God, you wont touch him. 

 Stand back, McCaslin.” Still McCaslin came on, fast yet 

 without haste. 

   ‘*Cass!” Major de Spain said. Then he said '‘Boon! You, 

 Boon!” and he was down too and the boy rose too, quickly. 

                        THE BEAR                            253 

and still McCaslin came on not fast but steady and walki^id 

up to the grave and reached his hand steadily out, quickly 

yet still not fast, and took hold the gun by the middle io 

that he and Boon faced one another across Lion's gra> e, 

both holding the gun. Boon s  spent indomitable amaz \d 

and frantic  face almost a head higher than McCasli) 's 

beneath the black  scoriadons of beasts claws and th n 

Boons chest began to heave as  though there were r Dt 

enough air in all  the wootis, in all  the wilderness, for  .11 

of them, for him and anyone else, even for him alone. 

   *Turn it loose, Boon," McCaslin said. 

                                 — 

   **You damn little   spindling    "  Boon said.  '*Dont you 

know I can take it away from you? Dont you know I can 

tie it around your neck like a damn cravat?" 

   ^'Yes," McCaslin said,  'Turn it loose. Boon." 

   "This is  the way he wanted it.    He told us.  He told us 

exactly how to do it. And by God you aint going to move 

him. So we did it like he said, and I been sitting here ever 

since to keep the damn wildcats and varmints away from 

                  — 

him and by God  " Then McCaslin had the gun, down- 

slanted while he pumped the slide, the five shells snicking 

out of it so fast that the last one was almost out before the 

first  one touched the ground and McCaslin dropped the 

gun behind him without once having taken his eyes from 

Boon s. 

   "Did you kill him, Boon?" he said. Then Boon moved. 

He turned, he moved like he was still        drunk and then 

for a moment blind too, one hand out as he blundered to- 

ward the big tree and seemed to stop walking before he 

reached the tree so that he plunged, fell  toward it,     fling- 

ing up both hands and catching himself against the tree and 

turning until his back was against it, backing with the tree s 


trunk his wild spent scoriated face and the tremendous 

heave and collapse of his chest, McCaslin following, facing 

him again, never once having moved his eyes from Boon s 

eyes. ''Did you kill him, Boon?'* 

   "No!" Boon said.  "No!" 

   "Tell the truth," McCaslin said. "I would have done it 

if he had asked me to." Then the boy moved. He was be- 

tween them, facing McCaslin; the water felt as if  it  had 

burst and sprung not from his eyes alone but from his 

whole face, like sweat. 

   "Leave him alone!" he cried.  "Goddamn it!          Leave him 

alone!" 

                                 4- 

   then he was twenty-one. He could say it, himself and his 

cousin juxtaposed not against the wilderness but against the 

tamed land which was to have been his heritage, the land 

which old Carothers McCaslin his grandfather had bought 

with white man’s money from the wild men whose grand- 

 fathers without guns hunted it,  and tamed and ordered or 

believed he had tamed and ordered it  for the reason that 

 the human beings he held in bondage and in the power 

 of life  and death had removed the forest from it  and in 

 their sweat scratched the surface of it to a depth of perhaps 

 fourteen inches in order to grow something out of it which 

 had not been there before and which could be translated 

 hack into the money he who believed he had bought it had 

 had to pay to get it and hold it and a reasonable profit too: 

 and for which reason old Carothers McCaslin, knowing 

 better, could raise his children, his descendants and heirs, 

 to believe the land was his to hold and bequeath since the 

                           THE BEAR                             ^55 

strong and ruthless man has a cynical foreknowledge of his 

own vanity and pride and strength and a contempt for dl 

his get:  just as,  knowing better, Major de Spain and Ids 

fragment of that wildernc ss which was bigger and ole er 

than  any recorded  deed:  just  as,        knowing better,      (  Id 

Thomas Sutpen, from wh« m Major                Spain             ' 

                                           de         had had  ds 

fragment for money: just as Ikkemotubbe, the Chicka&iW 

chief, from whom Thomas Sutpen had had the fragmt nt 

for money or rum or whatever it  was, knew in his ttoi 

that not even a fragment ot it had been his to relinquish or 

sell 

   not against the wildem<*ss but against the land, not in 

pursuit and lust but in relinquishment, and in the commis- 

sary as it   should have been, not the heart perhaps but 

certainly  the  solar-plexus  of  the  repudiated  and relin- 

quished: the square, gallcried, wooden building squatting 

like a portent above the fields whose laborers it still held in 

thrall  '65 or no and placarded over with advertisements 

for snuff and cures for chills and salves and potions manu- 

factured and sold by white men to bleach the pigment and 

straighten the hair of negroes that they might resemble the 

very race which for two hundred years had held them in 

bondage and from which for another hundred years not 

even a bloody civil war would have set them completely free 

   himself and his cousin amid the old smells of cheese and 

salt meat and kerosene and harness, the ranked shelves of 

tobacco and overalls and bottled medicine and thread and 

plow-bolts, the barrels and kegs of flour and meal and mo- 

lasses and nails,  the wall pegs dependant with plowlines 

and plow-collars and hames and trace-chains, and the desk 

and the shelf above it on which rested the ledgers in which 

McCaslin recorded the slow outward trickle of food and 


supplies and equipment which returned each fall as cotton 

made and ginned and sold  (two threads frail as truth and 

impalpable as  equators yet cable-strong to bind for  life 

them who made the cotton to the land their sweat fell on), 

and the older ledgers clumsy and archaic in size and shape, 

on the yellowed pages of which were recorded in the faded 

hand of his father Theophilus and his uncle Amodeus dur- 

ing the two decades before the Civil War, the manumis- 

sion in title at least of Carothers McCaslin's slaves: 

   ‘Relinquish,^ McCaslin said. ‘Relinquish. You, the direct 

male descendant of him who saw the opportunity and took 

it, bought the land, took the land, got the land no matter 

how, held it  to bequeath, no matter how, out of the old 

grant, the first patent, when it  was a wilderness of wild 

beasts and wilder men, and cleared it,      translated it into 

 something to bequeath to his children, worthy of bequeath- 

ment for his descendants’ ease and security and pride and 

to perpetuate his name and accomplishments. Not only the 

male descendant but the only and last descendant in the 

male line and in the third generation, while I am not only 

 four generations from old Carothers, I derived through a 

woman and the very McCaslin in my name is mine only by 

sufferance and courtesy and my grandmother’s pride  in 

what that man accomplished whose legacy and monument 

you think you can repudiate.’ and he 

   ‘I cant repudiate it.  It was never mine to repudiate. It 

 was never Father’s and Uncle Buddy’s to bequeath me to 

 repudiate because it was never Grandfather’s to bequeath 

 them to bequeath me to repudiate because it was never old 

 Ikkemotubbe’s to sell to Grandfather for bequeathment and 

 repudiation. Because it  was never Ikkemotubbe’s fathers’ 

 fathers’ to bequeath Ikkemotubbe to sell to Grandfather or 

                           THE BEAR                              ^57 

any man because on the instant when Ikkemotubbe dis- 

covered, realised, that he could sell it  for money, on thit 

instant it  ceased ever to have been his forever, father            o 

father  to  father,  and the  man who bought it              boug it 

   ^Bought nothing?^ and hr 

    'Bought nothing. Because He told in the Book how f’e 

created the earth, made it      md looked at it  and said it w is 

all right, and then He made man. He made the earth fi:  5t 

and peopled it with dumb creatures, and then He creat d 

man to be His overseer on the earth and to hold suzerain 

                                                                   y 

over the earth and the animals on it  in His name, not  ;o 

hold for himself and his <lescendants inviolable title  fcr- 

ever, generation after generation, to the oblongs and squares 

of the earth, but to hold the earth mutual and intact in 

the communal anonymity of brotherhood, and all  the fee 

He asked was pity  and humility and sufferance and en- 

durance and the sweat of his face for bread. And I know 

what you arc going to  say,^  he said:         'That nevertheless 

              — 

Grandfather       ' and McCaslin 

   ' 

    —did own it.  And not the first.  Not alone and not the 

first since, as your Authority states, man was dispossessed of 

Eden. Nor yet the second and still  not alone, on down 

through the tedious and shabby chronicle of His chosen 

sprung from Abraham, and of the sons of them who dis- 

possessed Abraham, and of the five hundred years during 

which half the known world and all it contained was chattel 

to one city as this plantation and all  the life it  contained 

was chattel and revokeless thrall to this commissary store 

and those ledgers yonder during your grandfather s  life, 

and the next thousand years while men fought over the 

fragments of that collapse until at last even the fragments 


were exhausted and men snarled over the gnawed hones of 

the old world s worthless evening until an accidental egg 

discovered to them a new hemisphere. So let me say it: 

That nevertheless and notwithstanding old Carothers did 

own it. Bought it, got it, no matter; kept it,  held it, no mat- 

ter; bequeathed it:  else why do you stand here relinquish- 

ing and repudiating? Held it,  kept it  for fifty years until 

                       it,      He  this 

you could repudiate      while      —  Arbiter, this Archi- 

tect,  this  Umpire—condoned—or did He? looked down 

and saw—or did He? Or at least did nothing:  saw, and 

could not, or did not see; saw, and would not, or perhaps 

He would not see—perverse, impotent, or blind: which?' 

and he 

   ‘Dispossessed/ and McCaslin 

   ‘What?' and he 

   ‘Dispossessed, Not impotent:  He didn't  condone; not 

blind, because He watched it.  And let me say it.       Dispos- 

sessed of Eden. Dispossessed of Canaan, and those who dis- 

possessed him dispossessed him dispossessed, and the five 

hundred years of absentee landlords in the Roman bagnios, 

and the thousand years of wild men from the northern woods 

who dispossessed them and devoured their ravished sub- 

stance ravished in turn again and then snarled in what you 

call the old world's worthless twilight over the old world's 

gnawed bones, blasphemous in His name until He used a 

simple egg to discover to them a new world where a nation 

of people could be founded in humility and pity and suffer- 

ance and pride of one to another. And Grandfather did own 

the land nevertheless  and notwithstanding because  He 

permitted it,   not impotent and not condoning and not 

blind because He ordered and watched it.          He saw the 

land already accursed even as Ikkemotubbe and Ikkemo- 

                          THE BEAR                              259 

tubbe s father old Issetibbeha and old Issetibbeha s fathers 

too held it,   already tainted even before  any white rm n 

owned it by what Grandfather and his kind, his fathers, h; d 

brought into the new land which He had vouchsafed the n 

out of pity and sufferance, on condition of pity and hum 1- 

ity and sufferance and endurance, from that old worh'^s 

corrupt and worthless twilight as  though in  the sailfi Is 

of the old world s tainted wind which drove the ships- - 

and McCaslin 

   ^Ah: 

   '—and no hope for the land anywhere so long as  Ik- 

kemotubbe and Ikkemotubbe's descendants held it  in ui- 

broken succession. Maybe He saw that only by voiding 

the land for a time of Ikkemotubbe s blood and substitut- 

ing for it  another blood,  could He accomplish His pur- 

pose. Maybe He knew already what that other blood would 

be, maybe it  was more than justice that only the white 

man s blood was available and capable to raise the white 

                                              — 

man^s curse, more than vengeance when  ^           and McCaslin 

   ^Ah.^ 

   * 

   —when He used the blood which had brought in the 

evil  to destroy the evil  as doctors use fever to burn up 

fever, poison to slay poison. Maybe He chose Grandfather 

out of all of them He might have picked. Maybe He knew 

 that Grandfather himself would not serve His purpose be- 

 cause Grandfather was bom too soon too, but that Grand- 

 father would have descendants,  the  right  descendants; 

maybe He had foreseen already the descendants Grand- 

 father would have, maybe He saw already in Grandfather 

 the seed progenitive of the three generations He saw it 

                                                               — 

would take to set at least some of His lowly people free 

 and McCaslin 

26o              go down, MOSES 

   The sons of Ham. You who quote the Book: the sons 

of Ham.' and he 

   There are some things He said in the Book, and some 

things reported of Him that He did not say. And I  know 

what you will say now: That if truth is  one thing to me 

and another thing to you, how will we choose which is 

truth? You dont need to choose. The heart already knows. 

He didn't have His Book written to be read by what must 

elect and choose, but by the heart, not by the wise of the 

earth because maybe they dont need it or maybe the wise 

no longer have any heart, but by the doomed and lowly 

of the earth who have nothing else to read with but the 

heart. Because the men who wrote his Book for Him were 

writing about truth and there is  only one truth and it 

covq:s all  things that touch the heart.' and McCaslin 

   *So these men who transcribed His Book for Him were 

 sometime liars.' and he 

   Tes. Because they were human men. They were trying 

to write down the heart's truth out of the heart's driving 

complexity, for all the complex and troubled hearts which 

would beat after them. What they were trying to tell, what 

 He wanted said, was too simple. Those for whom they 

 transcribed His words could not have believed them. It 

 had to be expounded in the everyday terms which they 

were familiar with and could comprehend, not only those 

 who listened but those who told it  too,  because if  they 

 who were that near to Him as to have been elected from 

 among all who breathed and spoke language to transcribe 

 and relay His words, could comprehend truth only through 

 the complexity of passion  and lust  and hate  and fear 

 which drives the heart, what distance back to truth must 

                         THE BEAR                           261 

they traverse whom truth  could only reach by word-of- 

mouth?^ and McCaslin 

   'I might answer that, since you have taken to provi ig 

your points and disproving mine by the same text, I dc at 

know. But I  dont say th.it,  because you have answei id 

yourself:  No time at all  jf,  as you say, the heart kno vs 

truth, the infallible and unerring heart. And perhaps         »u 

                                                            y 

are right,  since although vou admitted three generatic is 

from old Carothers to you, there were not three.  Th< re 

were not even completel)  two. Uncle Buck and Un* le 

Buddy. And they not the first and not alone. A thousand 

other Bucks and Buddies in less than two generations and 

sometimes less than one in this land which so you claim 

God created and man himself cursed and tainted. Not to 

mention 1865.^ and he 

   Tes. More men that  Father and Uncle Buddy,* not 

even glancing toward the shelf above the desk, nor did 

McCaslin. They did not need to. To him it was as though 

the ledgers in their scarred cracked leather bindings were 

being lifted down one by one in their  fading sequence 

 and spread open on the desk or perhaps upon some apocry- 

phal Bench or even Altar or perhaps before the Throne 

 Itself  for a  last  perusal  and contemplation and refresh- 

 ment of the Allknowledgeable before the yellowed pages 

 and the brown thin ink in which was recorded the injustice 

 and a little at least of its amelioration and restitution faded 

back forever into the anonymous communal original dust 

   the yellowed pages scrawled in fading ink by the hand 

 first of his grandfather and then of his father and uncle, 

 bachelors up to and past fifty and then sixty, the one who 

 ran the plantation and the farming of it  and the other 

 who did the housework and the cooking and continued 


to do it even after his twin married and the boy himself 

was bom 

   the two brothers who as soon as their father was buried 

moved out of the tremendously-conceived, the almost bam- 

like edifice which he had not even completed, into a one- 

room log cabin which the two of them built themselves 

and added other rooms to while they lived in it,    refusing 

to allow any slave to touch any timber of it other than the 

actual raising into place the logs which two men alone 

could not handle, and domiciled all  the slaves in the big 

house some of the windows of which were still  merely 

boarded up with odds and ends of plank or with the skins 

of bear and deer nailed over the empty frames: each sun- 

down the brother who superintended the farming would 

parade the negroes as a first sergeant dismisses a company, 

 and herd them willynilly, man woman and child, without 

 question protest or recourse, into the tremendous abortive 

 edifice scarcely yet out of embryo, as if even old Carothers 

 McCaslin had paused aghast at the concrete indication of 

 his own vanity's boundless conceiving: he would call his 

mental roll  and herd them in and with a hand-wrought 

 nail as long as a flenching-knife and suspended from a short 

 deer-hide thong attached to the door-jamb for that pur- 

 pose, he would nail to the door of that house which lacked 

 half its windows and had no hinged back door at all,  so 

 that presently and for fifty years afterward, when the boy 

 himself was big to hear and remember it,  there was in the 

 land a sort of folk-tale:  of the countryside all  night long 

 full of skulking McCaslin slaves dodging the moonlit roads 

 and the Patrol-riders to visit other plantations, and of the 

 unspoken gentlemen's agreement between the two white 

 men and the two dozen black ones that, after the white 

                          THE BEAR                             263 

man had counted them and driven the home-made nail into 

the front door at sundown, neither of the white men would 

go around behind the house and look at  the back do( r, 

provided that all  the negroes were behind the front one 

when the brother who drove it drew out the nail again at 

daybreak 

   the twins who were identical even in their handwritir 

                                                                  g, 

unless you had specimens s:de by side to compare, and ev^n 

when both hands appeared on the same page (as often hr p- 

pened, as if,  long since pa-^t any oral intercourse, they h td 

used the diurnally advani ing pages to  conduct the ua- 

avoidable business of the compulsion which had traversed 

all the waste wilderness of North Mississippi in 1830 and 

 *40 and singled them out to drive) they both looked as 

though they had been written by the same perfectly nor- 

mal ten-year-old boy, even to the spelling, except that the 

 spelling did not improve as one by one the slaves which 

Carothers McCaslin had inherited and purchased— Ros- 

 cius and Phoebe and Thucydides and Eunice and their 

descendants, and Sam Fathers and his mother for both of 

whom he had swapped an underbred trotting gelding to 

old Ikkemotubbe, the Chickasaw chief from whom he had 

 likewise bought the land, and Tennie Beauchamp whom 

 the twin Amodeus had won from a neighbor in a poker- 

 game, and the anomaly calling itself  Percival Brownlee 

 which the twin Theophilus had purchased, neither he nor 

 his brother ever knew why apparently, from Bedford For- 

 rest while he was still  only a slave-dealer and not yet a 

 general  (It was a single page, not long and covering less 

 than a year, not seven months in fact, begun in the hand 

 which the boy had learned to distinguish as that of his 

 father: 


     Percavil  Brownly  zSyr Old.  cleark  @ Bookepper. 

     bought from N.B.Forest at Cold Water 3 Mar 1856 

     $265. dolors 

and beneath that, in the same hand: 

     5 mar 18^6 No hookepper any way Cant read. Can 

     write his Name hut 1 already put that down My self 

     Says he can Plough hut dont look like it  to Me. sent 

     to Peild to day Mar 5 18^6 

and the same hand: 

      6 Mar 1856 Cant plough either Says he aims to he a 

      Precher so may he he can lead live stock to Crick to 

      Drink 

and this time it  was the other, the hand which he now 

recognised as his uncle's when he could see them both on 

the same page: 

     Mar 23th 18^6 Cant do that either Except one at a 

      Time Get shut of him 

then the first again: 

      24 Mar 18^6 Who in hell would huy him 

then the second: 

      ipth of Apr 1856 Nohody You put yourself out of 

      Market at Cold Water two months ago I never said 

      sell him Free him 

 the first: 

      22 Apr 1856 III get it out of him 

                          THE BEAR                             265 

the second: 

      Jun i^th 1856 How Si per yr 265$ 265 yrs Who'l 

      sign his Free paper 

then the first again: 

      1  Oct 18^6 Mule josephine Broke Leg @ shot Wren g 

      stall wrong niger wrong everything $100, dolars 

and the same: 

      2 Oct 1856 Freed Dehit McCaslin @McCaslin $26 \ 

      dolars 

then the second again: 

      Oct  ^th  Dehit  Theophilus McCaslin  Niger  265$ 

      Mule 100$ 365$ He hasnt gone yet Father should he 

      here 

then the first: 

      3 Oct 18^6 Son of a hitch wont leave What would 

      father done 

the second 

      igth of Oct 18^6 Renamed him 

the first: 

      31 Oct 18^6 Renamed him what 

the second: 

      Chrstms 18^6 Spintrius 

 ) took substance and even a sort of shadowy life with their 

passions and complexities too as page followed page and 


year year; all  there, not only the general and condoned 

injustice and its slow amortization but the specific tragedy 

which had not been condoned and could never be amortized, 

the new page and the new ledger,  the hand which he 

could now recognise at first glance as his father s: 

     Father dide Lucius Quintus Carothers McCaslin, Cal- 

     Una lyyz Missippy  ^^37* Dide and burid 27 June 

      ^837 

     Roskus, rased by Granfather in Callina Dont know 

     how old. Freed 27 June 1837 Dont want to leave. Dide 

     and Burid 12 Jan 1841 

     Fibby Roskus Wife, bought by granfather in Callina 

     says Fifty Freed 27 June 1837 Dont want to leave. 

     Dide and burd i  Aug 1849 

     -Thucydus Roskus @Fibby Son bom in Callina 1779. 

     Refused loacre peace fathers Will 28 Jun 1837 Re- 

      fused Cash offer $200. dolors from A.@ T. McCaslin 

      28 Jun 1837 Wants to stay and work it out 

 and beneath this  and covering the next five pages and 

 almost that many years,  the slow, day-by-day accrument 

 of the wages allowed him and the food and clothing—the 

molasses and meat and meal, the cheap durable shirts and 

 jeans and shoes and now and then a coat against rain and 

 cold—charged against  the slowly yet  steadily mounting 

 sum of balance (andit would seem to the boy that he could 

 actually see the black man, the slave whom his white owner 

 had forever manumitted by the very act from which the 

 black man could never be free so long as memory lasted, 

 entering the commissary, asking permission perhaps of the 

 white man s son to see the ledger-page which he could not 

 even read, not even asking for the white man s word, which 

                          THE BEAR                             2^7 

he would have had to accept for the reason that there was 

absolutely no way under the sun for him to test it,  as to 

how the account stood, how much longer before he coi Id 

go and never return, even if only as far as Jefferson sev( n- 

teen miles away) on to the double pen-stroke closing t  le 

final entry: 

      3 Nov 1841 By Cash to Thucydus McCaslin $2« o. 

      dolors Set Up hlaksviith  in          Dec 1841 Dide a id 

                                        J, 

      burid in J.   ly feb 18 ^4 

      Eunice Bought by Father in New Orleans i8oy $6 o. 

      dolors, Marrid to  Thucydus 1809 Drownd in Cr ck 

      Cristmas Day 1832 

and then the other hand appeared, the first  time he had 

seen it  in the ledger to distinguish it  as his uncle^s,  the 

cook and housekeeper whom even McCaslin, who had 

known him and the boy's father for sixteen years before the 

boy was bom, remembered as sitting all  day long in the 

rocking chair from which he cooked the food, before the 

kitchen fire  on which he cooked it: 

      ]une 2ith 1833 Drownd herself 

and the first: 

      23 Jun 1833 Who in hell ever heard of a niger drownd- 

      ing him self 

and the second, unhurried, with a complete finality;  the 

two identical entries might have been made with a mbber 

 stamp save for the date: 

      Aug i^th 1833 Drownd herself 

and he thought But why? But why? He was sixteen then. 


It was neither the first time he had been alone in the com- 

missary nor the first time he had taken down the old ledgers 

familiar on their shelf above the desk ever since he could 

remember. As a child and even after nine and ten and 

eleven, when he had learned to read, he would look up 

at the scarred and cracked backs and ends but with no par- 

ticular desire to open them, and though he intended to 

examine them someday because he realised that they prob- 

ably contained a  chronological and much more compre- 

hensive though doubtless tedious record than he would ever 

get from any other source, not alone of his own flesh and 

blood but of all  his people, not only the whites but the 

black one too, who were as much a part of his ancestry as 

his white progenitors, and of the land which they had all 

held and used in common and fed from and on and would 

confinue to use in  common without regard  to  color or 

titular ownership, it would only be on some idle day when 

he was old and perhaps even bored a little since what the 

old books contained would be after all  these years fixed 

 immutably, finished, unalterable, harmless. Then he was 

 sixteen.  He knew what he was going to  find before he 

 found it. He got the commissary key from McCaslin^s room 

 after midnight while McCaslin was asleep and with the 

 commissary door shut and locked behind him and the for- 

 gotten lantern stinking anew the rank dead icy air,       he 

 leaned above the yellowed page and thought not Why 

 drowned herself, but thinking what he believed his father 

 had thought when he found his brothers first  comment: 

 Why did Uncle Buddy think she had drowned herself? 

 finding, beginning to  find on the next succeeding page 

 what he knew he would find, only this was still not it be- 

 cause he already knew this: 

                         THE BEAR                              269 

      Tomasina called  Tomy Daughter of  Thucydus  0 

     Eunice Born 1810 dide in Child hed June 1833 and 

      Burd. Yr stars fell 

nor the next: 

      Turl Son of Thucydus @Eunice Tomy horn Jun 18 3 

      yr stars fell Fathers u ill 

and nothing more, no tedious recording filling  this pa,;e 

of wages day by day and f(«xl and clothing charged agaii st 

them, no entry of his death and burial because he had 01 t- 

lived his white half-brother^ and the books which McCasl n 

kept did not include obituaries:  just Fathers will and Jie 

had seen that too:  old Carothers bold cramped hand far 

less  legible  than his  sons’ even and not much better  in 

spelling, who while capitalising almost every noun and 

verb, made no effort to punctuate or construct whatever, 

just as he made no effort either to explain or obfuscate the 

thousand-dollar legacy to the son of an unmarried slave- 

girl,  to be paid only at the child’s coming-of-age, bearing 

the consequence of the act of which there was still            no 

definite incontrovertible proof that he acknowledged, not 

out of his own substance but penalising his sons with it, 

charging them a cash forfeit on the accident of their own 

paternity; not even a bribe for silence toward his own fame 

since his fame would suffer only after he was no longer 

present to defend it,  flinging almost contemptuously, as he 

might a cast-off hat or pair of shoes, the thousand dollars 

which could have had no more reality to him under those 

conditions than it would have to the negro, the slave who 

would not even see it  until he came of age,  twenty-one 

years too late  to begin to  learn what money was.  So I 

reckon that was cheaper than saying My son to a nigger 


he thought. Even if My son wasn't hut just two words. 

But there must have been love he thought.  Some sort 

of love. Even what he would have called love: not just an 

afternoon's or a night's spittoon. There was the old man, 

old, within five years of his life's end, long a widower and, 

since his sons were not only bachelors but were approach- 

ing middleage,  lonely in  the house and doubtless even 

bored since his plantation was established now and func- 

tioning and there was enough money now, too much of 

it  probably for a man whose vices  even apparently re- 

mained below his means; there was the girl,  husbandless 

and young, only twenty-three when the child was born: 

perhaps he had sent for her at  first  out of loneliness, to 

have a young voice  and movement in  the house,  sum- 

moned her, bade her mother send her each morning to 

sweep the  floors  and make the  beds  and the  mother 

acquiescing since that was probably already understood, 

already planned: the only child of a couple who were not 

field  hands and who held  themselves  something above 

the other slaves  not alone for  that  reason but because 

the husband and his  father and mother too  had been 

inherited by the white man from his father, and the white 

man himself had travelled three hundred miles and better 

to New Orleans in a day when men travelled by horseback 

or steamboat, and bought the girls mother as a wife for 

   and that was all.  The old frail pages seemed to turn of 

their own accord even while he thought His own daughter 

 His own daughter. No No Not even him back to that one 

where the white man (noteven a widower then) who never 

went anywhere any more than his sons in their time ever 

 did and who did not need another slave, had gone all  the 

way to New Orleans and bought one. And Tomey s Terrel 

                         THE BEAR                            271 

was still alive when the boy was ten years old and he knew 

from his own observation and memory that there had s al- 

ready been some white in Tomey's Terrels blood befoce 

his father gave him the rest of it;  and looking down at t le 

yellowed page spread beneath the yellow glow of the la 1- 

tern smoking and stinking m that rank chill midnight roc n 

fifty years later, he seemed to see her actually walking ir to 

the icy creek on that Christmas day six months before } it 

daughter's and her lover s      (Her first  lovers he thougl t. 

Her first)   child  was born,  solitary,    inflexible,  griefle s, 

ceremonial,  in  formal anci    succinct repudiation  of gn^f 

and despair who had already had to repudiate belief and 

hope 

   that was all.  He would never need look at the ledgers 

 again nor did he; the yellowed pages in their fading and 

 implacable succession were as much a part of his conscious- 

ness and would remain so forever, as the fact of his own 

nativity: 

      Tennie Beauchamp ziyrs Won hy Amodeus McCaslin 

      from Hubert Beauchamp Esqre Possible Strait against 

      three Treys in sigt Not called 1859 Marrid to Tomys 

      Turl 18S9 

 and no date of freedom because her freedom, as well as 

 that of her first surviving child, derived not from Buck and 

 Buddy McCaslin in the commissary but from a stranger in 

 Washington and no date of death and burial, not only be- 

 cause McCaslin kept no obituaries in his books, but be- 

 cause in  this  year  1883  she was still     alive  and would 

 remain so to see a grandson by her last surviving child: 

      Amodeus McCaslin Beauchamp Son of tomys Turl 

       @Tennie Beauchamp 1859 dide 1859 


then his uncle s hand entire, because his father was now 

a member of the cavalry  command of that man whose 

name as a slave-dealer he could not even spell:  and not 

even a page and not even a full line: 

     Dauter Tomes Turl and tenny 1862 

and not even a line and not even a sex and no cause given 

though the boy could guess it because McCaslin was thir- 

teen then and he remembered how there was not always 

enough to eat in more places than Vicksburg: 

     Child of tomes Turl and Tenny 1863 

and the same hand again and this  one lived,  as though 

Tennie^s perseverance and the fading and diluted ghost 

of old Carothers^ ruthlessness had at last conquered even 

starvation: and clearer, fuller, more carefully written and 

spelled than the boy had yet seen it,    as if  the old man, 

who should have been a woman to begin with, trying to 

run what was left of the plantation in his brother s absence 

in  the  intervals  of  cooking and caring  for  himself and 

the fourteen-year-old orphan, had taken as  an omen for 

renewed hope the fact that this nameless inheritor of slaves 

was at least remaining alive long enough to receive a name: 

     James Thucydus Beauchamp Son of Tomes Turl and 

     Tenny Beauchamp Born zpth december 1864 and both 

     Well Wanted to call him Theophilus but Tride Amo- 

     deus McCaslin and Callina McCaslin and both dide 

      so Disswaded Them Born at Two clock A,m, both 

     Well 

but no more, nothing; it would be another two years yet 

before the boy, almost a man now, would return from the 

                        THE BEAR                           273 

abortive trip  into Tennessee with the still-intact  third of 

old Carothers' legacy to his Negro son and his descendants, 

which as the three surviving children established at h st 

one by one their apparent intention of surviving, their whi :e 

half-uncles had increased t  >  a thousand dollars each, cc 1- 

ditions permitting, as they came of age, and completed t le 

page himself as far as it  ^\'ould even be completed wh n 

that day was long passed beyond which a man born  .n 

 1864 (or 1867 either, whi n he himself saw light) coi Id 

have expected or himself hoped or  even wanted to            )e 

still  alive; his own hand now, queerly enough resembli ig 

neither his fathers nor hjs uncle’s nor even McCaslin s, 

but like that of his grandfathers save for the spelling: 

     Vanished sometime on night of his twenty-first birth- 

     day Dec 29 1885. Traced hy Isaac McCaslin to jack- 

     son Tenn. and there lost. His third of legacy $1000.00 

     returned to McCaslin Edmonds Trustee this day Jan 

      12 1886 

but not yet:  that would be two years yet,  and now his 

fathers again,  whose old  commander was now quit  of 

soldiering and slave-trading both; once more in the ledger 

and then not again and more illegible  than ever,  almost 

indecipherable at all from the rheumatism which now crip- 

pled him and almost completely innocent now even of any 

sort  of  spelling  as  well  as  punctuation,  as  if the  four 

years during which he had followed  the  sword of  the 

only man ever breathing who ever sold him a negro, let 

alone beat him in a trade, had convinced him not only of 

the vanity of faith and hope but of orthography too: 

     Miss sophonsiha h dtr 1     @t  1869 


but not of belief and will because it was there, written, as 

McCasIin had told him, with the left hand, but there in the 

ledger one time more and then not again,  for the boy 

himself was a  year old,  and when Lucas was bom six 

years later, his father and uncle had been dead inside the 

same twelve-months almost five years; his own hand again, 

who was there and saw it,        1886, she was just seventeen, 

two years younger than himself, and he was in the com- 

missary when McCasIin entered out of the first  of dusk 

and said,  'He wants to marry Fonsiba,' like that:  and he 

looked past McCasIin and saw the man, the stranger, taller 

than McCasIin and wearing better clothes than McCasIin 

and most of the other white men the boy knew habitually 

wore, who entered the room like a white man and stood 

in it  like a white man, as though he had let McCasIin 

precede him into it not because McCaslin^s skin was white 

but simply because McCasIin lived there and knew the 

way, and who talked like a white man too, looking at him 

past  McCaslin's  shoulder rapidly  and keenly once and 

then no more, without further interest, as a mature and 

contained white man not impatient but just pressed  for 

time might have looked. 'Marry Fonsiba?’ he cried.  'Marry 

Fonsiba?'  and then no more either,  just  watching and 

listening while McCasIin and the Negro talked: 

    'To live in Arkansas, I believe you said/ 

    'Yes. I have property there. A farm.' 

    'Property? A farm? You own it?' 

    'Yes.' 

    'You dont say Sir, do you?' 

    'To my elders, yes.' 

    'I see. You are from the North.' 

    'Yes. Since a child.' 

                             THE BEAR                                 ^75 

   Then your father was a slave/ 

   Tes. Once/ 

   Then how do you own a farm in Arkansas?’ 

   *l  have a grant.  It was my fathers.  From the United 

                                   .’ 

States. For military service 

    1 see/ McCaslin said. T he Yankee army.’ 

   The United States army/ the stranger said;  and th n 

himself again, crying it at McCaslin’s back: 

                                                    — 

    'Call aunt Tennie! I’ll  go get her! I’ll          ’ But McCasl n 

was not even including him; the stranger did not ev* n 

glance back toward his voice,  the two of them speaking 

to one another again as it          he were not even there: 

    'Since you seem to have it  all  settled,’ McCaslin said, 

 'why have you bothered to consult my authority at all?’ 

    'I dont,’ the stranger said. 'I acknowledge your authority 

only so far as you admit your responsibility toward her as 

a female member of the family of which you are the head. 

                                             ’ 

I dont ask your permission. I 

    'That will do!’ McCaslin said. But the stranger did not 

falter. It was neither as if he were ignoring McCaslin nor 

as if he had failed to hear him. It was as though he were 

making, not at all an excuse and not exactly a justification, 

but simply a statement which the situation absolutely re- 

quired and demanded should be made in McCaslin’s hear- 

ing whether McCaslin listened to it or not. It was as if he 

were talking  to himself,  for himself to  hear the words 

spoken aloud.  They faced one another, not close yet at 

slightly  less  than foils’  distance,  erect,  their  voices  not 

raised, not impactive, just succinct: 

   '—I  inform you, notify you in advance as chief of her 

family. No man of honor could do less. Besides, you have, 

                                                                          ’ 

in your way, according to your lights and upbringing 


   That s enough, I said,^ McCaslin said.  'Be off this place 

by full dark. Go.' But for another moment the other did 

not move, contemplating McCaslin with that detached and 

heatless  look,  as  if  he were watching reflected  in  Mc- 

Caslin s pupils the tiny image of the figure he was sus- 

taining. 

   'Yes,' he said.    'After all,  this  is  your house. And in 

your fashion you have. .      .  . But no matter. You are right. 

This is    enough.'  He turned back toward the door;  he 

paused again but only for a second, already moving while 

he spoke:  'Be easy. I will be good to her.'  Then he was 

gone. 

    'But how did she ever know him?' the boy cried.  'I 

never even heard of him before! And Fonsiba, that's never 

been off this place except to go to church since she was 

            ' 

born 

    'Ha,' McCaslin said.       'Even their parents  dont know 

until  too late  how seventeen-year-old girls  ever met the 

men who marry them too, if they are lucky.' And the next 

morning they were both gone, Fonsiba too. McCaslin never 

 saw her again, nor did he, because the woman he found 

at last five months later was no one he had ever known. 

 He carried a third  of the three-thousand-dollar fund in 

 gold in a money-belt, as when he had vainly traced Tennie's 

                                            — 

      into Tennessee a year ago. They  the man—  left 

 Jim                                                        had 

 an address of some sort with Tennie, and three months 

 later a letter came, written by the man although McCaslin's 

wife Alice had taught Fonsiba to read and write too a 

 little.  But it  bore a different postmark from the address 

 the man had left with Tennie, and he travelled by rail as 

 far as he could and then by contracted stage and then by a 

 hired livery rig and then by rail again for a distance: an 

                         THE BEAR                           277 

experienced traveller by now and an experienced blood- 

hound too and a successful one this time because he would 

have to be; as the slow interminable empty muddy Decem- 

ber miles crawled and crawled and night followed night i      n 

hotels, in roadside taverns ol rough logs and containing litt e 

else but a bar, and in the ».abins of strangers and the h: 

                                                               y 

of lonely barns, in none of which he dared undress becau -e 

of his secret golden girdle like that of a disguised one  f 

the Magi travelling incogn to and not even hope to dra w 

him but only determinatioi^ and desperation, he would t<  11 

himself: I will have to find her, I will have to.  We ha e 

already lost one of them. I will have to find her this time. 

He did. Hunched in the slow and icy rain, on a spent hind 

                                   higher,         it— single 

horse splashed to the chest and            he saw       a 

log edifice with a clay chimney which seemed in process 

of being flattened by the rain to a nameless and valueless 

rubble of dissolution  in  that roadless and even pathless 

waste of unfenced fallow and wilderness jungle—no bam, 

no stable, not so much as a hen-coop: just a log cabin built 

by hand and no clever hand either, a meagre pile of clum- 

sily-cut firewood sufficient for about one day and not even 

a gaunt hound to come bellowing out from under the house 

when he rode up—a farm only in embryo, perhaps a good 

 farm, maybe even a plantation someday, but not now, not 

for years yet and only then with labor, hard and enduring 

and unflagging work and sacrifice;  he shoved open the 

crazy kitchen door in its  awry frame and entered an icy 

gloom where not even a fire for cooking burned and after 

another moment saw, crouched into the walks angle behind 

 a crude table, the coffee-colored face which he had known 

 all his life but knew no more, the body which had been 

bom within a hundred yards of the room that he was bom 


in and in which some of his own blood ran but which was 

now completely inheritor of generation  after  generation 

to whom an unannounced white man on a horse was a 

white man's hired  Patroller wearing a pistol  sometimes 

and a blacksnake whip always; he entered the next room, 

the only other room the cabin owned, and found, sitting 

in a rocking chair before the hearth, the man himself, read- 

ing—sitting there in  the only chair in the house, before 

that miserable fire for which there was not wood sufficient 

to last twenty-four hours, in the same ministerial clothing 

in which he had entered the commissary five months ago 

and a pair of gold-framed spectacles which, when he looked 

up and then rose to his feet,  the boy saw did not even 

contain lenses, reading a book in the midst of that desola- 

tion,  that muddy waste fenceless and even pathless and 

without even a walled shed for stock to stand beneath: 

and over all, permeant, clinging to the man s very clothing 

and exuding from his skin itself,  that rank stink of base- 

less  and imbecile delusion,  that boundless  rapacity and 

folly, of the carpet-bagger followers of victorious armies. 

   Dont you see?’ he cried. 'Dontyou see? This whole land, 

the whole South, is cursed, and all of us who derive from 

it, whom it ever suckled, white and black both, lie under 

the curse? Granted that my people brought the curse onto 

the land: maybe for that reason their descendants alone 

can   not 

    — 

           resist it,  not combat it—maybe just endure and 

outlast it until the curse is lifted. Then your peoples’ turn 

will come because we have forfeited ours. But not now. 

Not yet. Dont you see?’ 

   The other stood now, the unfrayed garments still minis- 

terial even if not quite so fine, the book closed upon one 

finger to keep the place, the lenseless spectacles held like 

                             THE BEAR                                  279 

a music master's wand in the other workless hand while the 

owner of it spoke his measured and sonorous imbecility c f 

the boundless folly and the baseless hope:  'You're wronj. 

The curse you whites brought into this land has been liftec 

It has been voided and disv:harged. We are seeing a ne v 

era, an era dedicated, as our founders intended it,  to fre 

dom, liberty and equality  for all,           to which this  count) jr 

                                      ' 

will be the new Canaan 

    'Freedom from what? From work? Canaan?' He jerked 

his arm, comprehensive, almost violent:  whereupon it  £ .1 

seemed to stand there about them, intact and complete ar d 

visible in the drafty, damp, heatless, negro-stale negro-rar k 

sorry room—the empty fields without plow or seed to woik 

them, fenceless against the stock which did not exist within 

or without the walled stable which likewise was not there. 

 'What corner of Canaan is this?' 

    'You are seeing it       at  a bad time.  This is  winter. No 

man farms this  time of year.' 

    'I see.  And of course her need for  food and clothing 

will stand still while the land lies fallow.' 

    'I have a pension,' the other said.  He said it  as a man 

might say I have grace or I own a gold mine. 'I  have my 

 father's pension too. It will arrive on the first of the month. 

What day is this?' 

    'The eleventh,' he said.  'Twenty days more. And until 

 then?' 

    'I  have a few groceries  in  the house from my credit 

 account with the merchant in Midnight who banks my 

 pension check for me. I have executed to him a power of 

                                                                       ' 

 attorney to handle it  for me as a matter of mutual 

    'I  see. And if the groceries dont last the twenty days?' 

    'I still have one more hog.' 


   Where?^ 

    ‘Outside/ the other said. ‘It is customary in this country 

to allow stock to range free during the winter for food. 

It comes up from time to time. But no matter if it doesn^t; 

                                                                     * 

I can probably trace its  footprints when the need 

   ‘Yes!' he cried.  ‘Because no matter:  you still  have the 

pension check. And the man in Midnight will cash it  and 

pay himself out of it         for what you have already eaten 

and if there is any left over, it is yours. And the hog will 

be eaten by then or you still cant catch it,  and then what 

will you do?' 

    ‘It  will be almost spring then,'  the other said.  ‘I           am 

                                   ' 

planning in the spring 

    ‘It will be January,' he said.  ‘And then February. And 

                                       — 

then more than half of March               ' and when he stopped 

again in the kitchen she had not moved, she did not even 

seem to breathe or to be alive except her eyes watching 

him; when he took a step toward her it was still not move- 

ment because she could have retreated no further:  only 

the tremendous fathomless ink-colored eyes  in  the  nar- 

row, thin, too thin coffee-colored face watching him with- 

out alarm, without recognition, without hope. ‘Fonsiba,' he 

said.  ‘Fonsiba. Are you all  right?' 

    ‘I'm free,'  she said.  Midnight was a  tavern,  a  livery 

 stable, a big store (that would be where the pension check 

banked itself as a matter of mutual elimination of bother 

and fret, he thought) and a little one, a saloon and a black- 

 smith shop. But there was a bank there too. The president 

 (the owner, for all practical purposes) of it  was a trans- 

 lated Mississippian who had been one of Forrest's men too: 

 and his body lightened of the golden belt  for  the first 

 time since he left home eight days ago, with pencil and 

                            THE BEAR                               281 

paper he multiplied three dollars by twelve months and 

divided it  into one thousand dollars; it  would stretch th^t 

way over almost twenty-eight years and for twenty-eigft 

years at least she would not starve, the banker promisin > 

to send the three dollars himself by a trusty messenger 0 1 

the fifteenth of each month and put it into her actual han« 

                                                                       , 

and he returned home and that was all  because in  187 4 

his father and his uncle weie both dead and the old ledge s 

never again came down fn m the shelf above the aesk  0 

which his father had returned them for the last time th t 

day in 1869. But he could liave completed it: 

      Lucas Quintus Carothers McCaslin Beauchamp. Lait 

      surviving son and child of Tomeys Terrel and Ten- 

      nie Beauchamp. March 17,  1874 

except that there was no need: not Lucius Quintus @c @c 

 @c, but Lucas Quintus, not refusing to be called Lucius, 

because he simply eliminated that word from the name; 

not denying, declining the name itself,  because he used 

three quarters of it; but simply taking the name and chang- 

ing, altering it,  making it  no longer the white man's but 

his own, by himself composed, himself selfprogenitive and 

nominate, by himself ancestored, as, for all the old ledgers 

 recorded to the contrary, old Carothers himself was 

   and that was all:      1874 the boy;  1888 the man, repudi- 

ated denied and free;        1895 and husband but no father, 

unwidowered but without a wife,  and found long since 

 that no man is ever free and probably could not bear it if 

 he were; married then and living in Jefferson in the little 

 new jerrybuilt bungalow which his wife's father had given 

 them: and one morning Lucas stood suddenly in the door- 

way of the room where he was reading the Memphis paper 


and he looked at the paper s dateline and thought It^s his 

birthday. Hes twenty-one today and Lucas said: Whars 

the rest of that money old Carothers left? I wants it.  All 

of it.' 

   that was all:  and McCaslin 

   'More men than that one Buck and Buddy to fumble- 

heed that truth so mazed for them that spoke it  and so 

confused for them that heard yet still  there was 1865:' 

and he 

   'But not enough. Not enough of even Father and Uncle 

Buddy to fumble-heed in even three generations not even 

three generations fathered by Grandfather not even if there 

had been nowhere beneath  His sight  any but  Grand- 

father and so He would not even have needed to elect and 

choose. But He tried and I know what you will say. That 

having Himself created them He could have known no 

more of hope than He could have pride and grief but He 

didn't hope He just waited because He had made them: 

not just because He had set them alive and in motion but 

because He had already worried with them so long: wor- 

 ried with them so long because He had seen how in indi- 

vidual cases they were capable of anything any height or 

depth remembered in mazed incomprehension out of heaven 

where hell was created too and so He must admit them 

 or else admit His equal somewhere and so be no longer 

 God and therefore must accept responsibility for what He 

 Himself had done in order to live with Himself in His 

 lonely and paramount heaven. And He probably knew it 

 was vain but He had created them and knew them capable 

 of all things because He had shaped them out of the primal 

 Absolute which contained all and had watched them since 

 in their individual exaltation and baseness and they them- 

                        THE BEAR                          283 

selves not knowing why nor how nor even when: until at 

last He saw that they were all Grandfather all of them ^nd 

that even from them the elected and chosen the best  he 

very best  He could expect  (not hope mind: not hoj^e) 

would be Bucks and Buddies and not even enough of th m 

and in the third generation not even Bucks and Bude ies 

   — 

but   ' and McCaslin 

   ‘Ah:’ and he 

   ‘Yes. If He could see Father and Uncle Buddy in Grand- 

father He must have seei! me too. —an Isaac born int >       a 

later  life than Abraham s    and repudiating  immolatic n: 

fatherless and therefore safe declining the altar beca ise 

maybe this time the exasperated Hand might not supply 

        — 

the kid    ’ and McCaslin 

   ‘Escape:’ and he 

   ‘All right. Escape.—Until one day He said what you 

told Fonsiba’s husband that afternoon here in this room: 

This will do. This is enough: not in exasperation or rage or 

even just sick to death as you were sick that day : just This 

is enough and looked about for one last time, for one time 

more since  He had created  them, upon this  land this 

 South for which He had done so much with woods for 

game and streams for fish and deep rich soil for seed and 

lush springs to sprout it and long summers to mature it and 

 serene falls to harvest it  and short mild winters for men 

 and animals and saw no hope anywhere and looked beyond 

it where hope should have been, where to East North and 

West lay illimitable that whole hopeful continent dedicated 

as a refuge and sanctuary of liberty and freedom from what 

you called the old world’s worthless evening and saw the 

rich descendants of slavers, females of both sexes, to whom 

 the black they shrieked of was another specimen another 


example like the Brazilian macaw brought home in a cage 

by a traveller, passing resolutions about horror and out- 

rage in warm and air-proof halls:  and the thundering can- 

nonade of politicians earning votes and the medicine-shows 

of pulpiteers earning Chatauqua fees, to whom the outrage 

and the injustice were as much abstractions as Tariff or 

Silver or Immortality and who employed the very shackles 

of its servitude and the sorry rags of its regalia as they did 

the other beer and banners and mottoes redfire and brim- 

stone and sleight-of-hand and musical handsaws: and the 

whirling wheels which manufactured for a profit the pristine 

replacements of the shackles and shoddy garments as they 

wore out and spun the cotton and made the gins which 

ginned it   and the cars and ships which hauled it,        and 

the men who ran the wheels for that profit and established 

 and collected the taxes it was taxed with and the rates for 

hauling it and the commissions for selling it:  and He could 

have repudiated them since they were his  creation now 

 and forever more throughout all their generations until not 

 only that old world from which He had rescued them 

but this new one too which He had revealed and led them 

 to as a sanctuary and refuge were become the same worth- 

 less tideless rock cooling in the last crimson evening except 

 that out of all  that empty sound and bootless  fury one 

 silence, among that loud and moiling all of them just one 

 simple enough to believe that horror  and outrage were 

 first  and last  simply horror and outrage and was crude 

 enough to act upon that, illiterate and had no words for 

 talking or perhaps was just busy and had no time to, one 

 out of them all who did not bother Him with cajolery and 

 adjuration then pleading then threat and had not even 

 bothered to inform Him in advance what he was about so 

                       THE BEAR                         285 

that a lesser than He might have even missed the simple ict 

of lifting the long ancestral musket down from the dcer- 

homs above the door, wiiereupon He said My name is 

Brovm too and the other So is mine and He Then m ne 

or yours cant he because I  am against it and the other So 

am I  and He triumphantly Then where are you go ng 

with that gun? and the other told him in one sentence <  ne 

word and He: amazed:       ho knew neither hope nor pi de 

nor grief  But your Ass( ciation,  your Committee,       ur 

                                                       y 

Officers,  Where are you*  Minutes, your Motions,  ytur 

Parliamentary Procedures^ and the  other 1  amt agaitst 

them. They are all right I  reckon for them that have  he 

time, I am just against the weak because they are niggers 

being held in bondage by the strong just because they are 

white. So He turned once more to this land which He still 

                                                         — 

intended to save because He had done so much for it 

and McCaslin 

   What?^ and he 

   *— these 

      to       people He was still   committed to because 

                       — 

they were his creations   ' and McCaslin 

   Turned back to us? His face to us?' and he 

   *—whose wives and daughters at least made soups and 

jellies for them when they were sick and carried the trays 

through the mud and the winter too into the stinking cabins 

and sat in the stinking cabins and kept fires going until 

crises came and passed but that was not enough:   and when 

they were very sick had them carried into the big house 

itself into the company room itself maybe and nursed them 

there which the white man would have done too for any 

other of his cattle that was sick but at least the man who 

hired one from a livery wouldn^t have and still  that was 

not enough: so that He said and not in grief either Who 


had made them and so could know no more of grief than 

He could of pride or hope: Apparently they can learn 

nothing save through suffering,  remember nothing save 

                            — 

when underlined in blood       ' and McCaslin 

   'Ashby on an afternoon’s ride, to call  on some remote 

maiden cousins of his mother or maybe just acquaintances 

of hers, comes by chance upon a minor engagement of out- 

posts and dismounts and with his crimson-lined cloak for 

target leads a handful of troops he never saw before against 

an entrenched position of backwoods-trained riflemen. Lee s 

battle-order, wrapped maybe about a handful of cigars and 

doubtless thrown away when the last  cigar was smoked, 

found by a Yankee Intelligence officer on the floor of a 

saloon behind the Yankee lines  after  Lee had already 

divided his forces before Sharpsburg. Jackson on the Plank 

Road, already rolled up the flank which Hooker believed 

 could not be turned and, waiting only for night to pass to 

 continue the brutal and incessant slogging which would 

 fling that whole wing back into Hooker s lap where he sat 

on a front gallery in Chancellorsville drinking rum toddies 

 and telegraphing Lincoln that he had defeated Lee, is shot 

 from among a whole covey of minor officers and in the blind 

 night by one of his own patrols, leaving as next by seniority 

 Stuart that gallant man born apparently already horsed and 

 sabred and already knowing all there was to know about 

 war except the slogging and brutal stupidity of it:  and that 

 same Stuart off raiding Pennsylvania hen-roosts when Lee 

 should have known of all of Meade just where Hancock 

 was on Cemetery Ridge: and Longstreet too at Gettysburg 

 and that same Longstreet shot out of saddle by his own men 

 in the dark by mistake just as Jackson was. His face to 

 us? His face to us?’ and he 

                       THE BEAR                          287 

   *How else have made them fight? Who else but Jack- 

                                                          — 

sons and Stuarts and Ashbys and Morgans and Forrests: 

the farmers of the centra! and middle-west, holding la ad 

by the acre instead of the tens or maybe even the hi m- 

dreds, farming it  themseh es and to no single crop of ( ot- 

ton or tobacco or cane, evening no slaves and needing i  ad 

wanting none and already looking toward the Pacific co st, 

not always as long as two generations there and hav ag 

stopped where they did ‘ top only through the fortuit* us 

mischance that an ox died or a wagon-axle broke. And he 

New England mechanics who didn^t even own land and 

measured all  things by the weight of water and the cost 

of turning wheels and the narrow fringe of traders and 

ship-owners still  looking backward across the Atlantic and 

attached to the continent only by their counting-houses. 

And those who should have had the alertness to see:  the 

wildcat manipulators of mythical wilderness townsites; and 

 the astuteness to  rationalise:  the bankers who held  the 

mortgages on the land which the first were only waiting 

to abandon and on the railroads and steamboats to carry 

 them still further west, and on the factories and the wheels 

 and the rented tenements those who ran them lived in; and 

 the leisure and scope to comprehend and fear in time and 

 even anticipate: the Boston-bred  (even when not bom in 

 Boston) spinster descendants of long lines of similarly-bred 

 and likewise spinster aunts and uncles whose hands knew 

 no callus except that of the indicting pen, to whom the 

 wilderness itself began at the top of tide and who looked, 

 if at anything other than Beacon Hill, only toward heaven 

 —not to mention all the loud rabble of the camp-followers 

 of pioneers:  the bellowing of politicians,  the mellifluous 

                                       — 

 choiring of self-styled men of God, the  '  and McCaslin 


   ^Here, here. Wait a minute:^ and he 

   *het me talk now. Tm trying to explain to the head of 

my family something which I have got to do which I dont 

quite understand myself, not in justification of it but to ex- 

plain it  if I  can. I could say I dont know why I must do 

it but that I do know I have got to because I have got my- 

self to have to live with for the rest of my life  and all 

I want is peace to do it  in.  But you are the head of my 

family. More. I knew a long time ago that I would never 

have to miss my father, even if you are just finding out that 

you have missed your son.—the drawers of bills  and the 

shavers of notes  and the schoolmasters and the  self-or- 

dained to teach and lead and all  that horde of the semi- 

literate with a white shirt but no change for it,  with one 

eye on themselves and watching each other with the other 

one. Who else could have made them fight:  could have 

struck them so aghast with fear and dread as to turn shoul- 

der to shoulder and face one way and even stop talking for 

 a while and even after two years of it  keep them still  so 

wrung with terror that some among them would seriously 

propose moving their very capital into a foreign country 

 lest it  be ravaged and pillaged by a people whose entire 

white male population would have little more than filled 

 any one of their larger cities: except Jackson in the Valley 

 and three separate armies trying to catch him and none of 

 them ever knowing whether they were just retreating from 

 a battle  or just running into one and Stuart riding his 

 whole command entirely around the biggest single armed 

 force this continent ever saw in order to see what it looked 

 like  from behind and Morgan leading a  cavalry charge 

 against a stranded man-of-war. Who else could have de- 

 clared a war against a power with ten times the area and 

                           THE BEAR                                289 

a hundred times the men and a thousand times the re- 

sources, except men who could believe that all necessary *:o 

conduct a successful war vas not acumen nor shrewdness 

nor politics  nor diplomacy nor money nor even integri 

                                                                    y 

and simple arithmetic bu:  just  love  of  land and cot t- 

          ^ 

age 

    'And an unblemished          ind  gallant  ancestry  and t)  e 

ability to ride a horse,’ McC aslin said. 'Dont leave that ou 

It was evening now, the tranquil sunset of October ma 

                                                                    y 

with windless woodsmoke. "The cotton was long since picL d 

and ginned, and all day now the wagons loaded with gatii- 

ered corn moved between field and crib, processional across 

the enduring land. 'Well, maybe that’s what He wanted. At 

least,  that’s  what He got.      This time there was no yel- 

lowed procession of fading and harmless ledger-pages. This 

was chronicled in a harsher book and McCaslin, fourteen 

and fifteen and sixteen, had seen it  and the boy himself 

had inherited it as Noah’s grandchildren had inherited the 

Flood although they had not been there to see the deluge: 

that dark corrupt and bloody time while three separate 

peoples had tried to adjust not only to one another but 

to the new land which they had created and inherited too 

and must live in for the reason that those who had lost it 

were no less  free to quit it       than those who had gained 

it  were:—those upon whom freedom and equality had 

been dumped overnight and without warning or prepara- 

tion or any training in how to employ it  or even just en- 

dure it   and who misused it         not as  children would nor 

yet because they had been so long in bondage and then so 

 suddenly freed, but misused it  as human beings always 

misuse freedom, so that he thought Apparently there is a 

VTisdom heyond even that learned through suffering neces- 


sary for a man to distinguish between liberty and license; 

those who had fought for four years and lost to preserve a 

condition under which that franchisement was anomaly 

and paradox, not because they were opposed to freedom as 

freedom but for the old reasons for which man (not the 

generals and politicians but man) has always fought and 

died in wars: to preserve a status quo or to establish a bet- 

ter future one to endure for his children; and lastly,  as if 

that were not enough for bitterness and hatred and fear, 

that third race even more alien to the people whom they 

resembled in pigment and in whom even the same blood 

ran,  than to the people whom they did not,—that  race 

threefold in one and alien even among themselves save for 

a single fierce will foi rapine and pillage, composed of the 

sons of middleaged Quartermaster lieutenants and Army 

sutlers and contractors in military blankets and shoes and 

transport mules, who followed the battles they themselves 

had not fought and inherited the conquest they themselves 

had not helped to gain, sanctioned and protected even if 

not blessed, and left their bones and in another generation 

would be engaged in a fierce economic competition of small 

sloven farms with the black men they were supposed to 

have freed and the white descendants of fathers who had 

owned no slaves anyway whom they were supposed to have 

disinherited and in  the third generation would be back 

once more in the little lost county seats as barbers and ga- 

rage mechanics and deputy sheriffs and mill- and gin-hands 

and power-plant firemen, leading, first in mufti then later 

in an actual formalised regalia of hooded sheets and pass- 

words and fiery Christian symbols, lynching mobs against 

the race their ancestors had come to save: and of all  that 

other nameless horde of speculators in human misery, ma- 

                       THE BEAR                          291 

nipulators of money and politics  and land, who follow 

catastrophe and are their own protection as grasshoppe rs 

are and need no blessing and sweat no plow or axe-hel ^e 

and batten and vanish and leave no bones, just as th iy 

derived apparently from no ancestry, no mortal flesh,      lo 

act even of passion or even of lust: and the Jew who cai le 

without protection too sinie after two thousand years He 

had got out of the habit ol’  being or needing it,  and sc  i- 

tary, without even the solidarity of the locusts and in this 

a sort of courage since he liad come thinking not in ten is 

of simple pillage but in tc rms of his great-grandchildrc a, 

seeking yet some place to establish them to endure evm 

though forever alien:  and unblessed: a pariah about tlie 

face of the Western earth which twenty centuries later 

was still taking revenge on him for  the fairy  tale  with 

which he had conquered it. McCaslin had actually seen it, 

and the boy even at almost eighty would never be able 

to distinguish certainly between what he had seen and 

what had been told him :   a lightless and gutted and empty 

land where women crouched with the huddled children 

behind locked doors and men armed in sheets and masks 

rcxie the silent roads and the bodies of white and black 

both, victims not so much of hate as of desperation and 

despair, swung from lonely limbs: and men shot dead in 

polling-booths with the still wet pen in one hand and the 

unblotted ballot in the other: and a United States marshal 

in Jefferson who signed his official  papers with a crude 

cross,  an ex-slave called Sickymo, not at all because his 

ex-owner was a d(x:tor and apothecary but because, still 

a slave, he would steal his master s grain alcohol and di- 

lute it  with water and peddle it  in pint botdes from a 

cache beneath the roots of a big sycamore tree behind the 


drug store, who had attained his high office because his 

half-white sister was the concubine of the Federal A.P.M.: 

and this time McCaslin did not even say Look but merely 

lifted one hand, not even pointing, not even specifically 

toward the shelf of ledgers but toward the desk, toward 

the comer where it  sat beside the scuffed patch on the 

floor where two decades of heavy shoes had stood while the 

white man at  the desk added and multiplied  and sub- 

tracted. And again he did not need to look because he 

had seen this himself and, twenty-three years  after  the 

Surrender and twenty-four after  the  Proclamation, was 

still  watching it: the ledgers,  new ones now and filled 

rapidly,  succeeding one another rapidly  and containing 

more names than old Carothers or even his  father and 

Uncle Buddy had ever dreamed of;  new names and new 

fac€5 to go with them, among which the old names and 

faces that even his  father and uncle would have recog- 

                         — 

nised, were lost, vanished  ^Tomey^s Terrel dead, and even 

the tragic  and miscast Percival Brownlee, who couldn^t 

 keep books and couldn^t farm either, found his true niche 

 at last,  reappeared in  1862 during the boys fathers ab- 

 sence and had apparently been living on the plantation for 

at  least  a month before  his uncle  found out about it, 

 conducting impromptu revival meetings among negroes, 

preaching and leading the singing also in his high sweet 

 true soprano voice and disappeared again on foot and at 

 top speed, not behind but ahead of a body of raiding Fed- 

 eral horse and reappeared for the third and last  time in 

 the entourage of a travelling Army paymaster, the two of 

 them passing through Jefferson in a surrey at the exact 

 moment when the boys father  (it was 1866) also hap- 

 pened to be crossing the Square, the surrey and its occu- 

                        THE BEAR                         293 

pants traversing rapidly that quiet and bucolic scene and 

even in  that fleeting moment and to  others beside  the 

boys father giving an illusion of flight and illicit holid 

                                                           y 

like a man on an excursion during his wife s absence wi h 

his wife's personal maid, until Brownlee glanced up aj d 

saw his late co-master ami gave him one defiant femj le 

glance and then broke again, leaped from the surrey a \d 

disappeared this time for good and it was only by chan :e 

that McCaslin, twenty yt .irs  later,  heard of him aga) 1, 

an old man now and quite fat, as the well-to-do propriel )r 

of a select New Orleans brothel; and Tennie s Jim gor e, 

nobody knew where, and Fonsiba in Arkansas with her 

three dollars  each month and the scholar-husband with 

his lenseless spectacles and frock coat and his plans for 

the spring;  and only Lucas was left,  the baby,  the last 

save himself of old  Carothers'  doomed and fatal  blood 

which in  the male derivation  seemed to  destroy  all     it 

touched, and even he was repudiating and at least hoping 

to escape it;—Lucas,  the boy of  fourteen whose name 

would not even appear for six years yet among those rapid 

pages in the bindings new and dustless too since McCaslin 

lifted them down daily now to write into them the continu- 

ation of that record which two hundred years had not been 

enough to complete and another hundred would not be 

enough to discharge;  that chronicle which was a whole 

land in miniature, which multiplied and compounded was 

the entire South, twenty-three years after surrender and 

twenty-four from emancipation—that slow trickle of mo- 

lasses and meal and meat, of shoes and straw hats and over- 

alls, of plowlines and collars and heel-bolts and buckheads 

and clevises, which returned each fall as cotton—the two 

 threads frail as truth and impalpable as equators yet cable- 


strong to bind for life  them who made the cotton to the 

land their sweat fell on: and he 

   Tes, Binding them for a while yet, a little while yet. 

Through and beyond that life  and maybe through and 

beyond the life of that life's sons and maybe even through 

and beyond that of the sons of those sons. But not always, 

because they will endure. They will outlast us because they 

   — 

are   ' it  was not a pause, barely a falter even, possibly 

appreciable only to himself, as if  he couldn't speak even 

to McCaslin, even to explain his repudiation, that which 

to him too, even in the act of escaping  (and maybe this 

was the reality and the truth of his need to escape) was 

heresy: so that even in escaping he was taking with him 

more of that evil  and unregenerate old man who could 

summon, because she was his property,  a human being 

because she was old enough and female, to his widower's 

house and get a child on her and then dismiss her because 

she was of an inferior race, and then bequeath a thousand 

dollars to the infant because he would be dead then and 

wouldn't have to pay it,  than even he had feared. Tes. He 

didn't want to. He had to. Because they will endure. They 

are better than we are. Stronger than we are. Their vices 

are vices aped from white men or that white men and 

bondage have taught them: improvidence and intemper- 

ance and evasion—not laziness:  evasion:  of what white 

men had set them to, not for their aggrandisement or even 

                      — 

comfort but his own  '    and McCaslin 

   ‘All right. Go on: Promiscuity. Violence. Instability and 

 lack of control. Inability to distinguish between mine and 

      — 

thine    '  and he 

    ‘Howdistinguish, when for two hundred years mine did 

not even exist for them?' and McCaslin 

                           THE BEAR                             295 

                                            — 

   'All right. Go on. And their virtues        ^ and he 

                                    — 

   Tes. Their own. Endurance           * and McCaslin 

   'So have mules:* and he 

   ' 

   —and pity and tolerance and forbearance and fidel ty 

                       — 

and love of children       * and McCaslin 

   'So have dogs:* and he 

   ' 

   —whether their own or not or black or not. And mo^e: 

what they got not only not from white people but }                 ot 

even despite white people because  they had it               alrea dy 

from the old free fathers a longer time free than us              )e- 

                                   — 

cause we have never been free         * and it was in McCasli’i*s 

eyes too,  he had only to look at McCaslin*s eyes and it 

was there, that summer tw ilight seven years ago, almosi a 

week after they had returned from the camp before  he 

discovered that Sam Fathers had told McCaslin:  an old 

bear, fierce and ruthless not just to stay alive but ruthless 

with the fierce pride of liberty and freedom, jealous and 

proud enough of liberty and freedom to see it  threatened 

not with fear nor even alarm but almost with joy, seeming 

deliberately to put it  into jeopardy in order to savor it and 

keep his old strong bones and flesh  supple and quick to 

defend and preserve it;  an old man, son of a Negro slave 

and an Indian king, inheritor on the one hand of the long 

chronicle of a people who had learned humility through 

suffering and learned pride through the endurance which 

survived the suffering, and on the other side the chronicle 

of a people even longer in the land than the first, yet who 

now existed there only in the solitary brotherhood of an 

old and childless Negro*s alien blood  and the wild and 

invincible spirit of an old bear; a boy who wished to learn 

humility and pride in order to become skillful and worthy 

in the woods but found himself becoming so skillful  so 


fast that he feared he would never become worthy because 

he had not learned humility and pride though he had tried, 

until one day an old man who could not have defined either 

led him as though by the hand to where an old bear and 

a little  mongrel dog showed him that, by possessing one 

thing other, he would possess them both; and a little dog, 

nameless  and mongrel  and many-fathered,  grown  yet 

weighing less  than six pounds, who couldn^t be danger- 

ous because there was nothing anywhere much smaller, 

not fierce because that would have been called just noise, 

not humble because it was already too near the ground to 

genuflect, and not proud because it would not have been 

close enough for anyone to discern what was casting that 

shadow and which didn^t even know it  was not going to 

heaven since they had already decided it had no immortal 

soul, so that all  it  could be was brave even though they 

would probably call  that too just noise.   'And you didn't 

shoot/ McCaslin said.   'How close were you?' 

   7 dont know/ he said. There was a hig wood tick just 

inside his off hind leg. I  saw that. But I didn't have the 

gun then.' 

   'But you didn't shoot when you had the gun/ McCaslin 

said.  'Why?' But McCaslin didn't wait, rising and crossing 

the room, across the pelt of the hear he had killed  two 

years ago and the higger one McCaslin had killed before 

he was horn, to the bookcase beneath the mounted head 

of his first buck, and returned with the book and sat down 

again and opened it.    'Listen/ he said.  He read the five 

stanzas aloud and closed the book on his finger and looked 

up. 'All right/ he said.  'Listen/ and read again, but only 

one stanza this time and closed the book and laid it on the 

                        THE BEAR                           297 

tahle,  ^She cannot fade, though thou hast not thy 

McCaslin said:  'Forever uilt thou love, and she he fair, 

   'Hes talking about a girl/ he said, 

   'He had to talk about something/ McCaslin said, Tl en 

he said,   'He was talking  about truth.  Truth is    one.  It 

doesn't change. It covers lil things which touch the hi zrt 

—honor and pride and        ty and justice and courage i    nd 

                          p 

love. Do you see now?' He didn't know. Somehow it  ]        ad 

seemed simpler than that     simpler than somebody talk ng 

in a book about a young man and a girl he would ne^^er 

need to grieve over becau se he could never approach i  ny 

nearer and would never have to get any further away, ;ie 

had heard about an old bear and finally got big enough to 

hunt it and he hunted it  four years and at last met it with 

a gun in his hands and he didn't shoot. Because a little dog 

—But he could have shot long before the fyce covered the 

twenty yards to where the bear waited, and Sam Fathers 

could have shot at any time during the interminable minute 

while Old Ben stood on his hind legs over them, ,      , , He 

ceased, McCaslin watched him, still  speaking, the voice, 

the words as quiet as the twilight itself was: 'Courage and 

honor and pride, and pity and love of justice and of liberty. 

They all touch the heart, and what the heart holds to be- 

comes truth, as far as we know truth. Do you see now?' 

and he could still hear them, intact in this twilight as in 

that one seven years ago, no louder still  because they did 

not need to be because they would endure: and he had 

only to look at McCaslin s eyes beyond the thin and bitter 

smiling,  the faint  lip-lift  which would have had to be 

called smiling;—his kinsman, his father almost, who had 

been bom too late into the old time and too soon for the 

new, the two of them juxtaposed and alien now to each 


other against their ravaged patrimony, the dark and ravaged 

fatherland still prone and panting from its  etherless oper- 

ation: 

   ‘Habet then.—So this  land is,     indubitably, of and by 

itself cursed:' and he 

   'Cursed:' and again McCaslin merely lifted one hand, 

not even speaking and not even toward the ledgers: so that, 

as the stereopticon condenses into one instantaneous field 

the myriad minutia of its  scope,  so did that slight  and 

rapid gesture establish in the small cramped and cluttered 

twilit room not only the ledgers but the whole plantation 

in its mazed and intricate entirety—the land,  the fields 

and what they represented in terms of cotton ginned and 

sold, the men and women whom they fed and clothed and 

even paid a little cash money at Christmas-time in return 

for the labor which planted and raised  and picked and 

ginned the cotton, the machinery and mules and gear with 

which they raised it    and their cost and upkeep and re- 

placement—that whole edifice intricate and complex and 

founded upon injustice and erected by ruthless rapacity 

and carried on even yet with at times downright savagery 

not only to the human beings but the valuable animals too, 

yet solvent and efficient and, more than that: not only still 

intact but enlarged, increased; brought still  intact by Mc- 

Caslin, himself little more than a child then, through and 

out of the debacle and chaos of twenty years ago where 

hardly one in ten survived,  and enlarged and increased 

 and would continue so, solvent and efficient and intact and 

 still increasing so long as McCaslin and his McCaslin suc- 

cessors lasted, even though their surnames might not even 

be Edmonds then: and he:  'Habet too. Because that's it: 

 not the land, but us. Not only the blood, but the name 

                        THE BEAR                            299 

too; not only its color but its designation: Edmonds, white, 

but, a female line, could have no other but the name bis 

father bore; Beauchamp, the elder line and the male aie, 

but, black, could have had any name he liked and no n an 

would have cared, except the name his father bore w ho 

              — 

had no name  '    and McC'aslin 

   'And since I know too what you know I will say nt w, 

once more let me say it:    And one other, and in the th rd 

generation too, and the male, the eldest, the direct and s )le 

                                                            — 

and white and still McCaslin even, father to son to son 

and he 

   1 am free:' and this time McCaslin did not even ges- 

ture, no inference of fading pages, no postulation of the 

stereoptic whole, but the frail  and iron thread strong as 

truth and impervious as evil  and longer than life  itself 

and reaching beyond record and patrimony both to join 

him with the lusts and passions, the hopes and dreams and 

griefs, of bones whose names while still fleshed and capable 

even old Carothers grandfather had never heard: and he: 

 'And of that too:' and McCaslin 

   'Chosen, I  suppose (I will concede it)  out of all  your 

time by Him as you say Buck and Buddy were from theirs. 

And it  took Him a bear and an old man and four years 

just for you. And it  took you fourteen years to reach that 

point and about that many, maybe more, for Old Ben, and 

more than seventy for Sam Fathers. And you are just one. 

 How long then? How long?' and he 

   'It will be long. I have never said otherwise. But it will 

                                       — 

be all right because they will endure     ' and McCaslin 

   'And anyway, you will be free.—No, not now nor ever, 

we from them nor they from us. So I repudiate too. I would 

 deny even if I knew it were true. I would have to.  Even 


you can see that I could do no else. I am what I am; I will 

be always what I was bom and have always been. And 

more than me. More than me, just as there were more 

than Buck and Buddy in what you called His first plan 

which failed:’ and he 

   ^And more than me:’ and McCaslin 

   ‘No. Not even you. Because mark. You said how on that 

instant when Ikkemotubbe realised that he could sell the 

land to Grandfather, it  ceased forever to have been his. 

All right; go on: Then it belonged to  Sam Fathers, old 

Ikkemotubbe’s son. And who inherited from Sam Fathers, 

if not you? co-heir perhaps with Boon, if  not of his life 

maybe, at least of his quitting it?’  and he 

   Tes. Sam Fathers set me free.’ And Isaac McCaslin, not 

yet Uncle Ike, a long time yet before he would be uncle 

 to half a county and still   father to none, living in one 

 small cramped fireless rented room in a Jefferson boarding- 

house where petit juries were domiciled during court terms 

and itinerant horse- and mule-traders stayed, with his kit 

of brand-new carpenter’s tools and the shotgun McCaslin 

had given him with his name engraved in silver and old 

 General Compson’s compass (and, when the General died, 

 his silver-mounted horn too) and the iron cot and mattress 

 and the blankets which he would take each fall into the 

woods for more than sixty years and the bright tin coffee- 

pot 

   there had been a legacy, from his Uncle Hubert Beau- 

 champ, his  godfather,  that bluff burly roaring childlike 

 man from whom Uncle Buddy had won Tomey’s Terrel’s 

                                             — 

 wife Tennie in  the poker-game in  1859        ‘posible strait 

 against three Treys in sigt Not called’—;  no pale sentence 

 or paragraph scrawled in cringing fear of death by a weak 

                       THE BEAR                         301 

and trembling hand as a last desperate sop flung backward 

at retribution, but a Legacy, a Thing, possessing weight to 

the hand and bulk to the eye and even audible:  a sil ver 

cup filled  with gold pieces and wrapped in burlap rad 

sealed with his godfathei s  ring in  the hot wax, wh ch 

 (intact still)  even before his  Uncle Hubert s  death i  ad 

long before his own majority, when it would be his, 1  ad 

become not only a legend but one of the family la es. 

After his father s and his Uncle Hubert s sister's marri ge 

they moved back into the big house, the tremendous c iv- 

ern which old Carothers had started and never finish id, 

cleared  the  remaining negroes out  of  it  and with    lis 

mother s dowry completed it,  at least the rest of the win- 

dows and doors and moved into it,  all of them save Uncle 

Buddy who declined to leave the cabin he and his twin 

had built, the move being the bride s notion and more than 

just a notion and none ever to know if she really wanted to 

live in the big house or if she knew before hand that Uncle 

Buddy would refuse to move:  and two weeks after his 

birth in 1867, the first time he and his mother came down 

stairs, one night and the silver cup sitting on the cleared 

dining-room table beneath the bright lamp and while his 

mother and his  father and McCaslin and Tennie  (his 

nurse: carrying him)—all of them again but Uncle Buddy 

—watched, his Uncle Hubert rang one by one into the 

cup the bright and glinting mintage and wrapped it  into 

 the burlap envelope and heated the wax and sealed it  and 

carried it back home with him where he lived alone now 

without even his sister either to hold him down as Mc- 

Caslin said or to try to raise him up as Uncle Buddy said, 

and (dark times then in Mississippi)  Uncle Buddy said 

most of the niggers gone and the ones that didn't go even 


Hub Beauchamp could not have wanted: hut the dogs re- 

mained and Uncle Buddy said Beauchamp fiddled while 

Nero fox-hunted 

   they would go and see it there; at last his mother would 

prevail and they would depart in the surrey, once more all 

save Uncle Buddy and McCaslin to keep Uncle Buddy 

company until one winter Uncle Buddy began to fail and 

 from then on it was himself, beginning to remember now, 

and his mother and Tennie and Tomey s Terrel to drive: 

the twenty-two miles into the next county, the twin gate- 

posts on one of which McCaslin could remember the half- 

grown boy blowing a fox-horn at breakfast dinner and sup- 

per-time and jumping down to open to  any passer who 

happened to hear it  but where there were no gates at all 

now, the  shabby and overgrown entrance  to  what his 

motfier still insisted that people call Warwick because her 

brother was if  truth but triumphed and justice but pre- 

 vailed the rightful earl of it, the paintless house which out- 

 wardly did not change but which on the inside seemed 

 each time larger because he was too little  to realise then 

 that there was less and less in it of the fine furnishings, the 

 rosewood and mahogany and walnut which for him had 

 never existed anywhere anyway save in his mother s tear- 

 ful lamentations and the occasional piece small enough to 

 be roped somehow onto the rear or the top of the carriage 

 on their return CAnd he remembered this, he had seen it: 

 an instant, a flash, his mother s  soprano ‘Even my dress! 

 Even my dress!' loud and outraged in the barren unswept 

 hall; a face young and female and even lighter in color 

       Tomey  Terrels for         instant in a closing 

 than          s              an                        door; a 

 swirl, a glimpse of the silk gown and the flick and glint of 

 an ear-ring: an apparition rapid and tawdry and illicit yet 

                        THE BEAR                           303 

somehow even to the child, the infant still  almost, breath- 

less and exciting and evocative: as though, like two limjnd 

and pellucid streams meeting, the child which he still v as 

had made serene and absolute  and perfect  rapport a id 

contact through that glimpNcd nameless illicit hybrid fern ile 

flesh with the boy which had existed at that stage of  n- 

violable and immortal adolescence in his uncle for aim )st 

sixty years; the dress, the face, the ear-rings gone in t.  ,at 

same aghast flash  and hi<  uncle's voice :   'She's my co k! 

She's my new cook! I hac to have a cook, didn't I?' tk m 

the uncle himself, the face alarmed and aghast too yet s ill 

innocently and somehow ( ven indomitably of a boy, tfey 

retreating in their turn now, back to the front gallery, a ad 

his uncle again, pained and still  amazed, in a sort of des- 

perate resurgence if not of courage at least of self-assertion: 

They're free now! They're folks too just like we are!' and 

his mother: That's why! That's why! My mother's house! 

 Defiled! Defiled!' and his uncle:  'Damn it,  Sibbey, at least 

give her time to pack her grip:'  then over,  finished, the 

 loud uproar and all,  himself and Tennie and he remem- 

bered Tennie's inscrutable face at  the broken shutterless 

window of the bare room which had once been the parlor 

while they watched, hurrying down the lane at a stumbling 

 trot, the routed compounder of his uncle's uxory :   the back, 

 the nameless face which he had seen only for a moment, 

the once-hooped dress ballooning and flapping below a man's 

 overcoat, the worn heavy carpet-bag jouncing and banging 

 against her knee, routed and in retreat true enough and 

 in the empty lane solitary young-looking and forlorn yet 

 withal still  exciting and evocative and wearing still      the 

 silken banner captured inside the very citadel of respect- 

 ability, and unforgettable.) 


   the cup, the sealed inscrutable burlap,  sitting  on the 

shelf in the locked closet,  Uncle Hubert unlocking the 

door and lifting it down and passing it from hand to hand: 

his mother, his father, McCaslin and even Tennie, insist- 

ing that each take it  in turn and heft it  for weight and 

shake it  again to prove the sound. Uncle Hubert himself 

standing spraddled before the cold unswept hearth in which 

the very bricks themselves were crumbling into a litter of 

soot and dust and mortar and the droppings of chimney- 

sweeps, still roaring and still innocent and still indomitable: 

and for a long time he believed nobody but himself had 

noticed that his uncle now put the cup only into his hands, 

unlocked the door and lifted it  down and put it  into his 

hands and stood over him until  he had shaken it           obe- 

diently until it  sounded then took it  from him and locked 

it  back into the closet before anyone else could have of- 

 fered to touch it,  and even later, when competent not only 

to remember but to rationalise, he could not say what it 

was or even if  it  had been anything because the parcel 

was still  heavy and still   rattled,  not even when. Uncle 

Buddy dead and his father, at last and after almost seventy- 

 five years in bed after the sun rose, said: Go get that damn 

 cup. Bring that damn Hub Beauchamp too if  you have 

 to:* because it still  rattled though his uncle no longer put 

 it  even into his hands now but carried it  himself from 

 one to the other, his mother, McCaslin, Tennie, shaking 

 it before each in turn, saying:  ‘Hear it"? Hear it?* his face 

 still  innocent, not quite baffled but only amazed and not 

 very amazed and still     indomitable:  and, his  father and 

 Uncle Buddy both gone now, one day without reason or 

 any warning the almost completely empty house in which 

 his  uncle and Tennie*s ancient  and quarrelsome great- 

                         THE BEAR 

grandfather    (who claimed to  have seen  Lafayette  and 

McCasIin said in another ten years would be rememberi ig 

God) lived,  cooked and slept in  one single room, bu *st 

into peaceful conflagration>  a tranquil instantaneous sour :e- 

less  unanimity of combustion, walls  floors  and roof:  at 

sunup it  stood where his ancles father had built it  si: ty 

years ago, at sundown tht      four blackened and smokel .ss 

chimneys rose from a light white powder of ashes anc  a 

few charred ends of planks which did not even appear to 

have been very hot: and out of the last of evening, the 1 ist 

one of the twenty-two milt s,  on the old white mare whi :h 

was the last of that stable  which McCaslin remembert d, 

the two old men riding double up to the sister's door, the 

one wearing his  fox-horn on its  braided deerhide thong 

and the other carrying the burlap parcel wrapped in  a 

shirt, the tawny wax-daubed shapeless lump sitting again 

and on an almost identical shelf and his uncle holding the 

half-opened door now, his hand not only on the knob but 

one foot against it and the key waiting in the other hand, 

the face urgent and still  not baffled but still  and even in- 

domitably not very amazed and himself standing in  the 

half-opened door looking quietly up at the burlap shape 

become almost three times its  original height and a good 

half less than its original thickness and turning away and 

he would remember not his mother's look this time nor yet 

Tennie s  inscrutable expression but McCaslin's dark and 

aquiline face grave insufferable and bemused:  then one 

night they waked him and fetched him still half-asleep into 

the lamp light,  the smell of medicine which was familiar 

by now in that room and the smell of something else which 

he had not smelled before and knew at once and would 

never forget, the pillow, the worn and ravaged face from 

3o6                 go down, MOSES 

which looked out still the boy innocent and immortal and 

amazed and urgent, looking at him and trying to tell him 

until McCaslin moved and leaned over the bed and drew 

from the top of the night shirt the big iron key on the greasy 

cord which suspended it, the eyes saying Yes Yes Yes now, 

and cut the cord and unlocked the closet and brought the 

parcel to the bed, the eyes still trying to tell him even when 

he took the parcel so that was still not it, the hands still cling- 

ing to the parcel even while relinquishing it, the eyes more 

urgent than ever trying to tell  him but they never did; 

and he was ten and his mother was dead too and McCas- 

lin said, *You are almost halfway now. You might as well 

open it:'  and he:  ^No. He said twenty-one:' and he was 

twenty-one and McCaslin shifted the bright lamp to the 

center of the cleared dining-room table and set the parcel 

beside it and laid his open knife beside the parcel and stood 

back with that expression of old grave intolerant and re- 

pudiating and he lifted it,  the burlap lump which fifteen 

years  ago had changed its         shape completely overnight, 

which shaken gave forth a thin weightless not-quite-musical 

curiously muffled clatter,  the bright knife-blade hunting 

amid the mazed intricacy of string, the knobby gouts of 

wax bearing his uncle s Beauchamp seal rattling onto the 

table's polished top and, standing amid the collapse of bur- 

 lap folds, the unstained tin coffee-pot still brand new, the 

handful of copper coins and now he knew what had given 

 them the muffled sound: a collection of minutely-folded 

scraps of paper sufficient almost for a rat's  nest, of good 

linen bond, of the crude ruled paper such as negroes use, 

 of raggedly-tom ledger-pages and the margins of news- 

papers and once the paper label from a new pair of over- 

alls, all dated and all signed, beginning with the first one 

                        THE BEAR 

not six months after they had watched him seal the sil- 

ver cup into the burlap on this same table in this  same 

room by the light even of this same lamp almost twenty-one 

years ago: 

     I  c/we my Nephew Laac Beauchamp McCaslin ft ^e 

      (5) pieces Gold which 1, 0. JJ constitues My note  >f 

     hand with Interest at ; percent. 

                            1 luhert ^itz-Huhert Beauchamp 

     at Warwick 27 Nov i^6y 

and he:  ‘Anywayhe called it Warwick:^ once at least, ev« n 

if no more. But there was more: 

      Isaac  24 Dec i86y l.O.U. 2 pieces  Gold H.Fh.B. 

     LO.U. Isaac i  piece Gold i  Jan 1868 H.Fh.B. 

then five again then three then one then one then a long 

time and what dream, what dreamed splendid recoup, not 

of any injury or betrayal of trust because it had been merely 

a loan: nay, a partnership: 

      l.O.U. Beauchamp McCaslin or his heirs twenty-pve 

      (25) pieces Gold This & All preceeding constituting 

     My notes of hand at  twenty  (20) percentum com- 

     pounded annually. This date of igth January 1873 

                                             Beauchamp 

no location save that in time and signed by the single not 

name but word as the old proud earl himself might have 

 scrawled Nevile:  and that made forty-three and he could 

not remember himself of course but the legend had it  at 

 fifty, which balanced: one: then one: then one: then one 

 and then the last three and then the last chit, dated after 

 he came to live in the house with them and written in the 

3o8               go down, MOSES 

shaky hand not of a beaten old man because he had never 

been beaten to know it but of a tired old man maybe and 

even at that tired only on the outside and still indomitable, 

the simplicity of the last one the simplicity not of resigna- 

tion but merely of amazement, like a simple comment or 

remark, and not very much of that: 

     One silver cu'p. Hubert Beaucham'p 

and McCaslin:  ^So you have plenty of coppers anyway. 

But they are still not old enough yet to be either rarities or 

heirlooms. So you will have to take the money:' except that 

he didn't hear McCaslin, standing quietly beside the table 

and looking peacefully at the coffee-pot and the pot sitting 

one night later on the mantel above what was not even a 

fireplace in the little cramped icelike room in Jefferson as 

McCaslin tossed the folded banknotes onto the bed and, 

still  standing (there was nowhere to sit  save on the bed) 

did not even remove his hat and overcoat: and he 

   ^As a loan. From you. This one:' and McCaslin 

   *You cant. I have no money that I can lend to you. And 

 you will have to go to the bank and get it next month be- 

 cause I wont bring it to you:' and he could not hear Mc- 

 Caslin now either,  looking peacefully at  McCaslin, his 

 kinsman, his father almost yet no kin now as, at the last, 

 even fathers and sons are no kin: and he 

   It's seventeen miles, horseback and in the cold. We could 

 both sleep here:' and McCaslin 

   Why should I sleep here in my house when you wont 

 sleep yonder in yours?' and gone, and he looking at the 

 bright rustless unstained tin and thinking and not for the 

 first  time how much it  takes to compound a man (Isaac 

 McCaslin for instance) and of the devious intricate choos- 

                        THE BEAR                           309 

ing yet unerring path that man^s  (Isaac McCaslin s  for 

instance) spirit takes among all that mass to make him it 

last what he is to be, not only to the astonishment of then 

 (theones who sired the McCaslin who sired his father at d 

Uncle Buddy and their sister, and the ones who sired the 

Beauchamp who sired his Uncle Hubert and his  Unc e 

Hubert s sister) who believcid they had shaped him, but ^o 

Isaac McCaslin too 

   as a loan and used it though he would not have had t : 

Major de Spain offered him a room in his house as long is 

he wanted it  and asked nor would ever ask any question, 

and old General Compson more than that, to take him in! o 

his own room, to sleep in half of his own bed and more 

than Major de Spain because he told him baldly why: ‘You 

sleep with me and before this winter is out. Til know the 

reason. You’ll tell me. Because I dont believe you just quit. 

It looks like you just quit but I have watched you in the 

woods too much and I dont believe you just quit even if it 

does look damn like it:’ using it as a loan, paid his board 

and rent for a month and bought the tools, not simply be- 

cause he was good with his hands because he had intended 

to use his hands and it  could have been with horses, and 

not in mere static and hopeful emulation of the Nazarene 

as the young gambler buys a spotted shirt because the old 

gambler won in one yesterday, but (without the arrogance 

of false humility and without the false humbleness of pride, 

who intended to earn his bread, didn’t especially want to 

earn it but had to earn it  and for more than just bread) 

because if the Nazarene had found carpentering good for 

 the life and ends He had assumed and elected to serve, it 

would be all  right too for Isaac McCaslin even though 

 Isaac McCaslin’s ends, although simple enough in their 


apparent motivation, were and would be always incompre- 

hensible to him, and his life, invincible enough in its needs, 

if he could have helped himself, not being the Nazarene, 

he would not have chosen it:  and paid it back. He had for- 

gotten the thirty dollars which McCaslin would put into 

the bank in his name each month, fetched it  in to him 

and flung it onto the bed that first one time but no more; 

he had a partner now or rather he was the partner:  a 

blasphemous profane clever old dipsomaniac who had built 

blockade-runners in Charleston in '62 and '3 and had been 

  ship  carpenter since and appeared in              two years 

a      s                                   Jefferson 

ago nobody knew from where nor why and spent a good 

part of his time since recovering from delirium tremens in 

the jail; they had put a new roof on the stable of the bankas 

president and (the old man in jail  again still  celebrating 

 that job) he went to the bank to collect for it and the presi- 

dent said,  1 should borrow from you instead of paying 

 you:^ and it had been seven months now and he remem- 

bered for the first  time, twohundred-and-ten dollars, and 

 this was the first job of any size and when he left the bank 

 the account stood at two-twenty, two-forty to balance, only 

 twenty dollars more to go, then it  did balance though by 

 then the total had increased to three hundred and thirty 

 and he said, 1 will transfer it now:' and the president said, 

 1 cant do that. McCaslin told me not to. Haven't you got 

 another initial you could use and open another account?' 

 but that was all right, the coins the silver and the bills as 

 they accumulated knotted into a handkerchief and the 

 coflFee-pot wrapped in an old shirt as when Tennie's great- 

 grandfather had fetched it  from Warwick eighteen years 

 ago, in the bottom of the iron-bound trunk which old Caro- 

 thers had brought from Carolina and his landlady said. 

                         THE BEAR 

‘Not even a lock! And you dont even lock your door, not 

even when you leave!' and himself looking at her as peace 

fully as he had looked at McCaslin that first night in thi; 

same room, no kin to him at all yet more than kin as thos 

who serve you even for pay are your kin and those wh » 

injure you are more than brother or wife 

   and had the wife now, got the old man out of jail an I 

fetched him to the rented roc^m and sobered him by superic * 

strength, did not even rem< 've his own shoes for twent) • 

four hours, got him up and got food into him and the / 

built the barn this time from the ground up and he mai • 

ried her:  an only child, a small girl  yet curiously biggec 

than she seemed at first,  solider perhaps, with dark eyes 

and a passionate heart-shaped face, who had time even on 

that farm to watch most of the day while he sawed timbers 

to the old mans measurements: and she:  ‘Papa told me 

about you. That farm is really yours, isn't it?' and he 

   ‘And McCaslin's:' and she 

    ‘Was there a will leaving half of it to him?' and he 

   ‘There didn't need to be a will.  His grandmother was 

my father's sister. We were the same as brothers:' and she 

    ‘You are the same as second cousins and that's all  you 

ever will be. But I dont suppose it matters:' and they were 

married, they were married and it  was the new country, 

his heritage too as it  was the heritage of all,  out of the 

 earth, beyond the earth yet of the earth because his too 

 was of the earth's long chronicle, his too because each must 

 share with another in order to come into it         and in  the 

 sharing they become one:  for that while,  one:  for that 

 little while at least, one: indivisible, that while at least ir- 

 revocable and unrecoverable, living in a rented room still 

 but for just a little while and that room wall-less and top- 


less and floorless in glory for him to leave each morning and 

return to  at  night; her father already owned the lot  in 

town and furnished the material and he and his partner 

would build it,  her dowry from one: her wedding-present 

from three,  she not to know it  until  the bungalow was 

finished and ready to be moved into and he never know 

who told her, not her father and not his partner and not 

even in drink though for a while he believed that, himself 

coming home from work and just time to wash and rest a 

moment before going down to supper, entering no rented 

cubicle since it would still partake of glory even after they 

would have grown old and lost it:       and he saw her face 

then, just before she spoke: ^Sit down:' the two of them 

sitting on the bed's edge, not even touching yet, her face 

strained and terrible, her voice a passionate and expiring 

whisper of immeasurable promise:  1 love you. You know 

I love you. When are we going to move*?' and he 

                                             — 

                            — 

   *l didn't   didn't know  ^Who told you       ' the hot fierce 

           — 

              I 

palm clapped over his mouth, crushing his lips  into his 

teeth, the fierce curve of fingers digging into his cheek and 

only the palm slacked olf enough for him to answer: 

   ‘The farm. Our farm. Your farm:' and he 

    — 

   ‘I  ' then the hand again, finger and palm, the whole 

enveloping weight of her although she still was not touch- 

ing him save the hand, the voice:  ‘No! No!' and the fingers 

themselves seeming to follow through the cheek the im- 

pulse to speech as it died in his mouth, then the whisper, 

the breath again, of love and of incredible promise, the 

palm slackening again to let him answer: 

   When?' and he 

    — 

   1  ' then she was gone, the hand too, standing, her back 

 to him and her head bent, the voice so calm now that for 

                         THE BEAR                            313 

an instant it seemed no voice of hers that he ever remem- 

bered:  ‘Stand up and turn your back and shut your eyes:' 

and repeated before he understood and stood himself with 

his eyes shut and heard the l:>ell ring for supper below stair i 

and the calm voice again:  ‘Lock the door:' and he did s«» 

and leaned his forehead against the cold wood, his eye 

closed, hearing his heart and the sound he had begun t 

hear before he moved until ii  ceased and the bell rang agairx 

below stairs and he knew it was for them this time and h t 

heard the bed and turned and he had never seen her nake»l 

before, he had asked her to (>nce, and why: that he wantai 

to see her naked because ho loved her and he wanted to 

see her looking at him naked because he loved her but 

after that he never mentioned it  again, even turning his 

face when she put the nightgown on over her dress to 

undress at night and putting the dress on over the gown 

to remove it in the morning and she would not let him get 

into bed beside her until the lamp was out and even in 

the heat of summer she would draw the sheet up over them 

both before she would let him turn to her: and the land- 

lady came up the stairs up the hall and rapped on the door 

and then called their names but she didn't move, lying still 

on the bed outside the covers, her face turned away on the 

pillow, listening to nothing, thinking of nothing, not of him 

anyway he thought then the landlady went away and she 

said,  ‘Take off your clothes:' her head still  turned away, 

looking at nothing, thinking of nothing, waiting for noth- 

ing, not even him, her hand moving as though with voli- 

tion and vision of its own, catching his wrist at the exact 

moment when he paused beside the bed so that he never 

paused but merely changed the direction of moving, down- 

ward now, the hand drawing him and she moved at last, 


shifted,  a movement one single  complete inherent not 

practiced and one time older than man, looking at him now, 

drawing him still downward with the one hand down and 

down and he neither saw nor felt it shift, palm flat against 

his chest now and holding him away with the same ap- 

parent lack of any effort or any need for strength, and not 

looking at him now, she didn't need to, the chaste woman, 

the wife, already looked upon all the men who ever rutted 

and now her whole body had changed, altered,  he had 

never seen it but once and now it was not even the one he 

had seen but composite of all woman-flesh since man that 

ever of its own will reclined on its back and opened, and 

out of it  somewhere, without any movement of lips even, 

the dying and invincible whisper:  'Promise:' and he 

   'Promise?' 

   'The farm/ He moved. He had moved, the hand shifting 

from his chest once more to his wrist, grasping it,  the arm 

still lax and only the light increasing pressure of the fingers 

 as though arm and hand were a piece of wire cable with 

 one looped end, only the hand tightening as he pulled 

against it. 'No,' he said.  'No:' and she was not looking at 

him still  but not like the other but still  the hand:  'No, 

I tell you. I wont. I cant. Never:' and still  the hand and 

he said, for the last time, he tried to speak clearly and he 

 knew it was still gently and he thought. She already knows 

 more than I with all  the mandistening in camps where 

 there was nothing to read ever even heard of.  They are 

 horn already hared with what a hoy approaches only at 

 fourteen and fifteen with blundering and aghast trembling: 

 'I cant. Not ever. Remember:' and still the steady and in- 

 vincible hand and he said Yes and he thought. She is lost 

 She was horn lost We were all born lost then he stopped 

                          THE BEAR                               315 

thinking and even saying Yes, it was like nothing he had 

ever dreamed, let alone heard in mere man-talking until 

after a no-time he returned and lay spent on the insatiate 

immemorial beach and again with a movement one time 

more older than man she turned and freed herself and 01 

their wedding night she had cried and he thought she wa 

crying now at first, into the rossed and wadded pillow, th- 

voice coming from somewhc:*e between the pillow and th •. 

cachinnation :    'And thats all.  That's all  from me. If thi 

dont get you that son you talk about, it  wont be mine; 

lying on her side,  her back to  the empty rented room, 

laughing and laughing 

                                 5- 

   He went back to the camp one more time before the 

lumber company moved in and began to cut the timber. 

Major de Spain himself never saw it  again. But he made 

them welcome to use the house and hunt the land when- 

ever they liked, and in the winter following the last hunt 

when Sam Fathers and Lion died, General Compson and 

Walter Ewell invented a plan to corporate themselves, the 

old group, into a club and lease the camp and the hunting 

privileges  of  the woods—an invention doubtless  of  the 

 somewhat childish  old  General but  actually  worthy of 

 Boon Hogganbeck himself. Even the boy, listening, recog- 

nised it for the subterfuge it was: to change the leopards 

spots when they could not alter the leopard, a baseless and 

 illusory hope to which even McCaslin seemed to subscribe 

 for a while, that once they had persuaded Major de Spain 

 to return to the camp he might revoke himself, which even 

 the boy knew he would not do. And he did not. The boy 

3i6               go down, MOSES 

never knew what occurred when Major de Spain declined. 

He was not present when the subject was broached and 

McCaslin never told him. But when June came and the 

time for the double birthday celebration there was no men- 

tion of it and when November came no one spoke of using 

Major de Spain s house and he never knew whether or 

not Major de Spain knew they were going on the hunt 

though without doubt old Ash probably told him: he and 

McCaslin and General Compson (and that one was the 

Generals last hunt too) and Walter and Boon and Tennie s 

Jim and old Ash loaded two wagons and drove two days 

and almost forty miles beyond any country the boy had 

ever seen before and lived in tents for the two weeks. And 

the next spring they heard  (not from Major de Spain) 

that he had sold the timber-rights to a Memphis lumber 

 company and in June the boy came to town with McCaslin 

one Saturday and went to Major de Spain s office—the big, 

airy, book-lined second-storey room with windows at one 

 end opening upon the shabby hinder purlieus of stores 

 and at  the other a door giving onto the railed balcony 

 above the Square, with its  curtained alcove where sat a 

 cedar water-bucket and a sugar-bowl and spoon and tumbler 

 and a wicker-covered demijohn of whiskey, and the bam- 

 boo-and-paper punkah swinging back and forth above the 

 desk while old Ash in a tilted chair beside the entrance 

 pulled the cord. 

        course,'^ Major de Spain said.  'Ash will probably 

 like to get off in the woods himself for a while, where he 

 wont have to eat Daisy's cooking. Complain about it,  any- 

 way. Are you going to take anybody with you?" 

                                                    — 

    "No sir," he said.  "I thought that maybe Boon     " For 

 six months now Boon had been town-marshall at Hoke s; 

                          THE BEAR                             3^7 

Major de Spain had compounded with the lumber com- 

pany—or perhaps compromised was closer, since it was the 

lumber company who had decided that Boon might ha 

better as a town-marshall than head of a logging gang. 

   **Yes/* Major de Spain .^aid.  *111 wire him today.  He 

can meet you at Hoke^s. Ill send Ash on by the train an I 

they can take some food in and all you will have to do wi 1 

be to mount your horse and ride over,^' 

   **Yes sir,'' he said. *Thank you." And he heard his voic e 

again. He didn't know he was going to say it  yet he di I 

know, he had known it all ihe time: **Maybe if you .            . . 

His voice died. It was stoppi d, he never knew how because 

Major de Spain did not speak and it was not until his voice 

ceased that Major de Spain moved, turned back to the desk 

and the papers spread on it and even that without moving 

because he was sitting at the desk with a paper in his hand 

when the boy entered, the boy standing there looking down 

 at the short plumpish grey-haired man in sober fine broad- 

 cloth and an immaculate glazed shirt whom he was used to 

 seeing in boots and muddy corduroy, unshaven, sitting the 

 shaggy powerful long-hocked mare with the worn Win- 

 chester carbine across the saddlebow and the great blue 

 dog standing motionless as bronze at the stirrup, the two 

 of them in that last year and to the boy anyway coming 

 to resemble one another somehow as two people competent 

 for love or for business who have been in love or in busi- 

 ness together for a long time sometimes do. Major de Spain 

 did not l(X)k up again. 

    **No. I will be too busy. But good luck to you. If you 

 have it,  you might bring me a young squirrel." 

    **Yes sir," he said. **I will." 

    He rode his mare, the three-year-old filly he had bred 

3i8               go down, MOSES 

and raised and broken himself. He left home a little after 

midnight and six hours later, without even having sweated 

her, he rode into Hoke s,  the tiny log-line junction which 

he had always thought of as Major de Spain's property too 

although Major de Spain had merely sold the company 

 (andthat many years ago) the land on which the sidetracks 

and loading-platforms and the commissary store stood, and 

looked about in  shocked and grieved  amazement even 

though he had had forewarning and had believed himself 

prepared: a new planing-mill already half completed which 

would cover two or three acres and what looked like miles 

 and miles of stacked steel rails red with the light bright 

rust of newness and of piled crossties sharp with creosote, 

 and wire  corrals  and feeding-troughs  for  two hundred 

mules at least and the tents for the men who drove them; 

 so*^hat he arranged for the care and stabling of his mare as 

 rapidly as he could and did not look any more, mounted 

 into the log-train caboose with his gun and climbed into 

 the cupola and looked no more save toward the wall of 

 wilderness ahead within which he would be able to hide 

 himself from it once more anyway. 

   Then the little locomotive shrieked and began to move: 

 a rapid churning of exhaust, a lethargic deliberate clash- 

 ing of slack couplings traveling backward along the train, 

 the exhaust changing to the deep slow clapping bites of 

 power as the caboose too began to move and from the 

 cupola he watched the train s head complete the first and 

 only curve in the entire line s length and vanish into the 

 wilderness, dragging its length of train behind it  so that 

 it  resembled a small dingy harmless snake vanishing into 

 weeds, drawing him with it too until soon it ran once more 

 at its maximum clattering speed between the twin walls of 

                         THE BEAR                            319 

unaxed wilderness as of old.  It had been harmless once. 

Not five years ago Walter Ewell had shot a six-point buck 

from this same moving caboose, and there was the storv 

of the half-grown bear: the train's first trip in to the cutting 

thirty miles away, the bear between the rails, its rear en<! 

elevated like that of a playing puppy while it  dug to se« 

what sort of ants or bugs they might contain or perhap 

just to examine the curious symmetrical squared barkles 

logs which had appeared apparently from nowhere in ont 

endless mathematical line o\ ernight, still digging until tht 

driver on the braked engine not fifty  feet away blew tht 

whistle at it,  whereupon it  broke frantically and took tht 

first tree it  came to:  an ash sapling not much bigger than 

a man's thigh and climbed as high as it  could and clung 

there, its head ducked between its arms as a man (awoman 

perhaps)  might have done while  the brakeman threw 

 chunks of ballast at it, and when the engine returned three 

hours later with the first load of outbound logs the bear was 

halfway down the tree and once more scrambled back up 

 as high as it could and clung again while the train passed 

and was still there when the engine went in again in the 

 afternoon and still  there when it  came back out at dusk; 

 and Boon had been in Hoke's with the wagon after a barrel 

 of flour that noon when the train-crew told about it  and 

 Boon and Ash, both twenty years younger then, sat under 

 the tree all that night to keep anybody from shooting it and 

 the next morning Major de Spain had the log-train held 

 at Hoke's and just before sundown on the second day, with 

 not only Boon and Ash but Major de Spain and General 

 Compson and Walter and McCaslin, twelve then, watch- 

 ing, it  came down the tree after  almost thirty-six hours 

 without even water and McCaslin told him how for a min- 


ute they thought it  was going to stop right there at the 

barrow-pit where they were standing and drink, how it 

looked at the water and paused and looked at them and at 

the water again, but did not, gone, running, as bears run, 

the two sets of feet, front and back, tracking two separate 

though parallel courses. 

   It had been harmless then. They would hear the passing 

log-train sometimes from the camp; sometimes, because no- 

body bothered to listen for it  or not. They would hear it 

going in,  running light and fast,  the light clatter of the 

trucks, the exhaust of the diminutive locomotive and its 

shrill peanut-parcher whistle flung for one petty moment 

and absorbed by the brooding and inattentive wilderness 

without even an echo.  They would hear it         going out, 

loaded, not quite so fast now yet giving its     frantic and 

toylike illusion of crawling speed, not whistling now to 

conserve steam, flinging its bitten laboring miniature puff- 

ing into the immemorial woodsface with frantic and boot- 

less vainglory, empty and noisy and puerile, carrying to no 

destination or purpose sticks which left nowhere any scar 

or stump as the child’s toy loads and transports and unloads 

its dead sand and rushes back for more, tireless and unceas- 

ing and rapid yet never quite so fast as the Hand which 

plays with it moves the toy burden back to load the toy 

again. But it  was different now. It was the same train, 

engine cars and caboose, even the same enginemen brake- 

man and conductor to whom Boon, drunk then sober then 

drunk again then fairly sober once more all  in the space 

 of fourteen hours, had bragged that day two years ago 

 about what they were going to do to Old Ben tomorrow, 

 running with its  same illusion of frantic rapidity between 

 the same twin walls of impenetrable and impervious woods. 

                        THE BEAR                           321 

passing the old landmarks, the old game crossings over 

which he had trailed bucks wounded and not wounded and 

more than once seen them, anything but wounded, hot 

out of the woods and up and across the embankment which 

bore the rails and ties then d< )wn and into the woods agair 

as the earth-bound supposedly move but crossing as arrow* 

travel, groundless, elongated, three times its actual lengtf 

and even paler, diflFerent in v:olor, as if there were a poin 

between immobility and abs* lute motion where even mas: 

chemically altered,  ehangim; without pain or agony no 

only in bulk and shape but in color too, approaching the 

color of wind, yet this time it  was as though the train  (and 

not only the train but himself, not only his vision which 

had seen it  and his memory which remembered it but his 

clothes too, as garments carry back into the clean edgeless 

blowing of air the lingering effluvium of a sick-room or of 

death) had brought with it  into the doomed wilderness 

even before the actual axe the shadow and portent of the 

new mill not even finished yet and the rails and ties which 

were not even laid; and he knew now what he had known 

as soon as he saw Hoke's this morning but had not yet 

 thought into words:  why Major de Spain had not come 

back, and that after this time he himself, who had had to 

 see it  one time other, would return no more. 

   Now they were near.  He knew it  before the engine- 

 driver whistled to warn him. Then he saw Ash and the 

wagon, the reins without doubt wrapped once more about 

 the brake-lever as within the boy's own memory Major de 

 Spain had been forbidding him for eight years to do, the 

 train slowing, the slackened couplings jolting and clashing 

 again from car to car, the caboose slowing past the wagon 

 as he swung down with his gun, the conductor leaning out 


above him to signal the engine, the caboose still  slowing, 

creeping, although the engine^s exhaust was already slat- 

ting in mounting tempo against the unechoing wilderness, 

the crashing of draw-bars once more travelling backward 

along the train, the caboose picking up speed at last. Then 

it was gone. It had not been. He could no longer hear it. 

The wilderness soared, musing, inattentive, myriad, eternal, 

green; older than any mill-shed, longer than any spur-line. 

 ‘'Mr Boon here yet?'' he said. 

   “He beat me in," Ash said. “Had the wagon loaded and 

       for me at Hoke's yistiddy when  got 

ready                                    I    there and setting 

on the front steps at camp last night when I got in. He al- 

ready been in the woods since fo daylight this morning. 

Said he gwine up to the Gum Tree and for you to hunt up 

that way and meet him." He knew where that was: a single 

big sweet-gum just outside the woods, in an old clearing; if 

you crept up to it very quietly this time of year and then 

ran suddenly into the clearing, sometimes you caught as 

many as a dozen squirrels in it,     trapped, since there was 

no other tree near they could jump to.  So he didn't get 

 into the wagon at all. 

   “I will," he said. 

   “I  figured you would," Ash said,  “I  fotch you a box 

 of shells."  He passed the shells down and began to un- 

 wrap the lines from the brake-pole. 

   “How many times up to now do you reckon Major has 

 told you not to do that?" the boy said. 

    “Do which?" Ash said. Then he said:  “And tell  Boon 

 Hogganbeck dinner gonter be on the table in a hour and 

 if yawl want any to come on and eat it." 

    “In an hour?" he said.  “It aint nine oclock yet."  He 

                         THE BEAR                           3^3 

drew out his  watch and extended  it         face-toward Ash. 

'*Look/^ Ash didn't even look at the watch. 

   ‘That's town time. You aint in town now. You in tht: 

woods." 

   “Look at the sun then." 

   “Nemmine the sun too," Ash said.  “If you and Booi^ 

Hogganbeck want any dinmT, you better come on in and 

get it when I  tole you. I aim to get done in that kitchei 

because I  got my wood to chop. And watch your feet 

They're crawling." 

   “I will," he said. 

   Then he was in the wooils, not alone but solitary;  tht 

solitude closed about him, green with summer. They did 

not change, and, timeless, would not, anymore than would 

the green of summer and the fire and rain of fall and the 

iron cold and sometimes even snow 

   the day, the morning when he hilled the buck and Sam 

marked his face with its hot blood, they returned to camp 

and he remembered old Ash's blinking and disgruntled and 

even outraged disbelief until at last McCaslin had had to 

affirm the fact that he had really killed it:  and that night 

Ash sat snarling and unapproachable behind the stove so 

that Tennies Jim had to serve the supper and waked them 

with breakfast already on the table the next morning and 

it was only half-past one oclock and at last out of Major de 

 Spains angry cursing and Ash's  snarling and sullen re- 

joinders the fact emerged that Ash not only wanted to go 

into the woods and shoot a deer also but he intended to 

and Major de Spain said, *By God, if we dont let him we 

will probably have to do the cooking from now on:' and 

Walter Ewell said, *Or get up at midnight to eat what Ash 

cooks:* and since he had already killed his buck for this 


hunt and was not to shoot again unless they needed meat, 

he offered his gun to Ash until Major de Spain took com- 

mand and allotted that gun to Boon for the day and gave 

Boons unpredictable pump gun to Ash, with two buckshot 

shells but Ash said, 7 got shells:* and showed them, four: 

one buck, one of number three shot for rabbits, two of bird- 

shot and told one by one their history and their origin and 

he remembered not Ash*s face alone but Major de Spains 

and Walters and General Compsons too, and AsKs voice: 

*Shoot? In course theyll shoot! Genl Cawmpson guv me 

                        — 

this un—the buckshot       ^right outen the same gun he kilt 

                                                     — 

that big buck with eight years ago. And this un         it was 

                               — 

the rabbit shell: triumphantly    7s oldern thisyer boy!* And 

that morning he loaded the gun himself, reversing the order: 

the bird-shot, the rabbit, then the buck so that the buck- 

shot would feed first into the chamber, and himself with- 

out a gun, he and Ash walked beside Major de Spains 

and Tennies Jim*s horses and the dogs Qthat was the snow^ 

until they cast and struck, the sweet strong cries ringing 

away into the muffled falling air and gone almost immedi- 

ately, as if the constant and unmurmuring flakes had al- 

ready buried  even the  unformed echoes  beneath  their 

myriad and weightless falling. Major de Spain and Ten- 

nies Jim gone too, whooping on into the woods; and then 

it was all right, he knew as plainly as if Ash had told him 

that Ash had now hunted his deer and that even his tender 

years had been forgiven for having killed one, and they 

turned back toward                    the              — 

                      home through        falling snow  that 

                                                      — 

is.  Ash said,  *Now whut?* and he said,  'This way*     him- 

self in front because, although they were less than a mile 

from camp, he knew that Ash, who had spent two weeks 

of his life in the camp each year for the last twenty, had no 

                         THE BEAR                           3^5 

idea whatever where they were, until quite soon the manner 

in which Ash carried Boons gun was making him a goal 

deal more than just nervous and he made Ash walk vi 

front,  striding on,  talking  now, an old mans garrulois 

monologue beginning with where he was at the momert 

then of the woods and of camming in the woods and ( 

eating in camps then of eating then of cooking it and of h s 

wife's cooking then briefly  of his old wife and almost i      t 

once and at  length of a new light-colored woman wl o 

nursed next door to Major de Spains and if  she didn t 

watch out who she was switching her tail at he would sho v 

her how old was an old man or not if his wife just didn't 

watch him all the time, the two of them in a game trail 

through a dense brake of cane and brier which would 

bring them out within a quarter-mile of camp, approaching 

a big fallen tree-trunk lying athwart the path and just as 

Ash, still  talking, was about to step over it  the bear,  the 

yearling, rose suddenly beyond the log, sitting up, its fore- 

arms against its chest and its VTrists  limply arrested as if it 

had been surprised in the act of covering its  face to pray: 

and after a certain time Ash's gun yawed jerkily up and he 

said. You haven't got a shell in the barrel yet.  Pump it:' 

but the gun already snicked and he said,  'Pump it.         You 

haven't got a shell in the barrel yet:' and Ash pumped the 

action and in a certain time the gun steadied again and 

snicked and he said,  'Pump it:'  and watched the buckshot 

shell jerk,  spinning heavily,  into the cane.  This is      the 

rabbit shot: he thought and the gun snicked and he thought: 

The next is  bird-shot:  and he didn't have to say  Pump 

it; he cried,  'Dont shoot! Dont shoot!' but that was already 

too late too,  the light dry vicious snick! before he could 

speak and the bear turned and dropped to all-fours  and 


then was gone and there was only the log, the cane, the 

velvet and constant snow and Ash said,  'Now whut?' and 

he said, 'Thisway. Come on: and began to hack away down 

the path and Ash said, '1 got to find my shells:' and he said, 

 'Goddamn it,  goddamn it,  come on:' hut Ash leaned the 

gun against the log and returned and stooped and fumbled 

among the cane roots until he came hack and stooped and 

found the shells and they rose and at that moment the gun, 

untouched, leaning against the log six feet away and for 

that while even forgotten by both of them, roared, bel- 

 lowed and flamed, and ceased:  and he  carried  it       now, 

pumped out the last mummified shell and gave that one 

also to Ash and, the action still  open, himself carried the 

gun until he stood it  in the corner behind Boon's bed at 

 the camp 

   — 

      ; summer, and fall,  and snow, and wet and saprife 

 spring in their ordered immortal sequence, the deathless 

and immemorial phases of the mother who had shaped him 

if  any had toward the man he almost was, mother and 

 father both to the old man bom of a Negro slave and a 

 Chickasaw chief who had been his  spirit s  father if  any 

had, whom he had revered and harkened to and loved 

 and lost and grieved:  and he would marry someday and 

they too would own for their brief while that brief unsub- 

 stanced glory which inherently of itself  cannot last  and 

hence why glory: and they would, might, carry even the 

 remembrance of it into the time when flesh no longer talks 

 to flesh because memory at least does last:  but still     the 

woods would be his mistress and his wife. 

   He was not going toward the Gum Tree. Actually he 

was getting farther from it.  Time was and not so long ago 

 either when he would not have been allowed here without 

                        THE BEAR                         327 

someone with him, and a little later, when he had begun 

to learn how much he did not know, he would not ha\e 

dared be here without someone with him, and later stil ., 

beginning to ascertain, even if  only dimly, the limits rf 

what he did not know, he could have attempted and ca - 

ried it  through with a compass, not because of any i;  t- 

creased belief in himself but: because McCaslin and Maj* *r 

de Spain and Walter and General Compson too had taug; 1 

him at last  to believe the compass regardless of what it 

seemed to state. Now he did not even use the compass h it 

merely the sun and that only subconsciously, yet he cou d 

have taken a scaled map and plotted at any time to within 

a hundred feet of where he actually was; and sure enough, 

at almost the exact moment when he expected it,  the earth 

began to rise  faintly, he passed one of the four concrete 

markers set down by the lumber company's surveyor to 

establish the four corners of the plot which Major de Spain 

had reserved out of the sale, then he stood on the crest of 

the knoll itself,  the four corner-markers all  visible  now, 

blanched still  even beneath the winter s weathering, life- 

less and shockingly alien in that place where dissolution it- 

self was a seething turmoil of ejaculation tumescence con- 

ception and birth, and death did not even exist. After two 

winters’ blanketings of leaves and the flood-waters of two 

 springs, there was no trace of the two graves anymore at 

 all.  But those who would have come this far to find them 

 would not need headstones but would have found them 

as Sam Fathers himself had taught him to find such: by 

bearings on trees:  and did, almost the first  thrust of the 

 hunting knife finding (butonly to see if it was still there) 

 the round tin box manufactured for axel-grease and con- 


taining now Old Ben  dried mutilated 

                       s                  paw, resting above 

Lion s bones. 

   He didn't disturb it.  He didn’t even look for the other 

grave where he and McCaslin and Major de Spain and 

Boon had laid Sam's body, along with his hunting horn 

and his knife and his tohacco-pipe, that Sunday morning two 

years ago; he didn't have to. He had stepped over it, perhaps 

on it. But that was all right. He probably knew I was in the 

woods this morning long before I  got here, he thought, 

going on to the tree which had supported one end of the 

platform where Sam lay when McCaslin and Major de 

Spain found them—the tree, the other axel-grease tin nailed 

to the trunk, but weathered, rusted, alien too yet healed 

already into the wilderness' concordant generality, raising 

no funeless note, and empty, long since empty of the food 

and tobacco he had put into it that day, as empty of that 

as it  would presently be of this which he drew from his 

pocket—the twist of  tobacco,  the  new bandanna hand- 

kerchief, the small paper sack of the peppermint candy 

which Sam had used to love; that gone too, almost before 

he had turned his back, not vanished but merely trans- 

lated into the myriad life which printed the dark mold of 

these secret and sunless places with delicate fairy tracks, 

which, breathing and biding and immobile, watched him 

from beyond every twig and leaf until he moved, moving 

again, walking on; he had not stopped, he had only paused, 

quitting the knoll which was no abode of the dead because 

there was no death, not Lion and not Sam: not held fast 

in earth but free in earth and not in earth but of earth, 

myriad yet undifFused of every myriad part, leaf and twig 

and particle, air and sun and rain and dew and night, acorn 

oak and leaf and acorn again, dark and dawn and dark and 

                        THE BEAR                           3 ^ 

dawn again  in  their  immutable progression  and,  being 

myriad, one: and Old Ben too. Old Ben too; they wou d 

give him his paw back e\ en,  certainly they would gi^ e 

him his paw back: then the long challenge and the loi 

                                                              g 

chase, no heart to be driven and outraged, no flesh to l«e 

mauled and bled— Even i*s  he froze himself, he seem< d 

to hear Ash’s parting admonition. He could even hear tl  e 

voice as he froze, immobile, one foot just taking his weigl t, 

the toe of the other just lil  ed behind him, not breathing, 

feeling  again  and as  alwiiys  the  sharp shocking inru h 

from when Isaac McCaslin long yet was not, and so it w is 

fear all  right but not frigl.t  as he looked down at  it.   It 

had not coiled yet and the buzzer had not sounded either, 

only one thick rapid contraction, one loop cast sideways 

as though merely for purchase from which the raised head 

might start slightly backward, not in fright either, not in 

threat quite yet, more than six feet of it,   the head raised 

higher than his knee and less than his knee’s length away, 

and old, the once-bright markings of its  youth dulled now 

to  a  monotone  concordant  too  with  the  wilderness  it 

crawled and lurked: the old one, the ancient and accursed 

about the earth, fatal and solitary and he could smell it 

now: the thin sick smell of rotting cucumbers and some- 

thing else which had no name, evocative of all knowledge 

and an old weariness and of pariah-hood and of death. At 

last it moved. Not the head. The elevation of the head did 

not change as it  began to glide away from him, moving 

erect yet off the perpendicular as if the head and that ele- 

vated third were complete and all:     an entity walking on 

two feet and free of all laws of mass and balance and should 

have been because even now he could not quite believe 

that all that shift and flow of shadow behind that walking 


head could have been one snake: going and then gone; 

he put the other foot down at  last  and didn't know it, 

standing with one hand raised as Sam had stood that after- 

noon six years ago when Sam led him into the wilderness 

and showed him and he ceased to be a child, speaking the 

old tongue which Sam had spoken that day without pre- 

meditation either:  "'Chief," he said:  "Grandfather." 

   He couldn't tell when he first began to hear the sound, 

because when he became aware of it,         it seemed to him 

that he had been already hearing it  for several seconds 

a sound as though someone were hammering a gun-barrel 

against a piece of railroad iron, a sound loud and heavy 

and not rapid yet with something frenzied about it,           as 

the hammerer were not only a strong man and an earnest 

one but a little hysterical too. Yet it couldn't be on the log- 

line"because, although the track lay in that direction, it was 

at least two miles from him and this sound was not three 

hundred yards away. But even as  he thought that,  he 

realised where the sound must be coming from: whoever 

the man was and whatever he was doing, he was some- 

where near the edge of the clearing where the Gum Tree 

was and where he was to meet Boon. So far, he had been 

hunting as he advanced, moving slowly and quietly and 

watching the ground and the trees both. Now he went on, 

his gun unloaded and the barrel  slanted up and back to 

facilitate its passage through brier and undergrowth, ap- 

proaching as it  grew louder and louder that steady savage 

 somehow queerly hysterical  beating of metal  on metal, 

 emerging from the woods, into the old clearing, with the 

 solitary gum tree directly before him. At first  glance the 

 tree seemed to be alive with frantic squirrels.  There ap- 

peared to be forty or fifty of them leaping and darting from 

                          THE BEAR                              331 

branch to branch until  the whole tree had become one 

green maelstrom of mad leaves, while from time to time, 

singly or in twos and thrives,  squirrels would dart dovn 

the trunk then whirl without stopping and rush back i 

                                                                  p 

again as though sucked violently back by the vacuum )f 

their fellows' frenzied vortt'x.  Then he saw Boon, sittir 

                                                                  g, 

his  back against  the trunk,  his  head bent,  hammerrig 

furiously at  something on his lap.  What he hammer d 

with was the barrel of his dismembered gun, what he ha; i- 

mered at was the breech of it.  The rest of the gun lay sc t- 

tered about him in a half-dozen pieces while he bent o\ er 

the piece on his lap his scarlet and streaming walnut face, 

hammering the disjointed barrel  against  the gun-breei:h 

with the frantic abandon of a madman. He didn't even 

look up to  see who it  was. Still  hammering, he merely 

shouted back at the boy in a hoarse strangled voice: 

   ^^Get out of here! Dont touch them! Dont touch a one 

of them! They're mine!" 

Delta Autumn 

Soon now they would enter the Delta. The sensation \ 'as 

familiar to him. It  had hien renewed like  this each last 

week in November for more than fifty years—the last hill, 

at  the foot of which the rich unbroken alluvial  flatness 

began as the sea began at the base of its  cliffs, dissolving 

away beneath the unhurried November rain  as  the sea 

itself would dissolve away. 

   At first they had come in wagons: the guns, the bedding, 

the dogs, the food, the whisky, the keen heart-lifting antici- 

pation  of hunting; the young men who could drive all 

night and all the following day in the cold rain and pitch 

a camp in the rain and sleep in the wet blankets and rise at 

daylight the next morning and hunt. There had been bear 

 then. A man shot a doe or a fawn as quickly as he did a 

buck, and in  the afternoons they shot wild turkey with 

pistols to test their stalking skill and marksmanship, feed- 

 ing all but the breast to the dogs. But that time was gone 

 now. Now they went in cars, driving faster and faster each 

 year because the roads were better and they had farther and 

 farther to drive, the territory in which game still  existed 

 drawing yearly inward as his life was drawing inward, un- 

 til  now he was the last of those who had once made the 


journey in wagons without feeling it  and now those who 

accompanied him were the sons and even grandsons of the 

men who had ridden for twenty-four hours in the rain or 

sleet behind the steaming mules. They called him 'Uncle 

Ike' now, and he no longer told anyone how near eighty 

he actually was because he knew as well as they did that 

he no longer had any business making such expeditions, 

even by car. 

   In fact, each time now, on that first night in camp, lying 

aching and sleepless in the harsh blankets, his blood only 

faintly warmed by the single thin whisky-and-water which 

he allowed himself, he would tell himself that this would 

be his  last.  But he would stand that trip—he still     shot 

almost as well as he ever had, still killed almost as much of 

the^game he saw as he ever killed; he no longer even knew 

      many deer       fallen before his gun—  the fierce 

how               had                          and 

 long heat of the next summer would renew him. Then 

 November would come again, and again in the car with 

 two of the sons of his old companions, whom he had taught 

 not only how to distinguish between the prints left by a 

buck or a doe but between the sound they made in moving, 

 he would look ahead past the jerking arc of the windshield 

 wiper and see the land flatten suddenly and swoop, dissolv- 

 ing away beneath the rain as the sea itself would dissolve, 

 and he would say,  "Well, boys, there it  is  again." 

   This time though, he didn't have time to speak. The 

 driver of the car stopped it,  slamming it to a skidding halt 

 on the greasy pavement without warning, actually flinging 

 the two passengers forward until they caught themselves 

 with their braced hands against the dash. "What the hell, 

 Roth!" the man in the middle said. "Cant you whistle first 

 when you do that? Hurt you. Uncle Ike?" 

                      DELTA AUTUMN                                337 

            the  old man said.      *What's the  matter?''  The 

driver didn't answer. Still  leaning forward, the old min 

looked sharply past the face of the man between them, at 

the face of his kinsman. It  was the youngest face of th< m 

all, aquiline,  saturnine, a little  ruthless,  the face of ]      lis 

ancestor  too,   tempered a  little,     altered  a  little,  stari ig 

sombrely through the stre iming windshield across whi ;h 

the twin wipers flicked an<'  flicked. 

      didn't intend to come back in here this time," he s:  id 

suddenly and harshly. 

    ''You said that back in      ‘fferson last week," the old m in 

                              J 

said. "Then you changed \our mind. Have you changed it 

                                                    " 

again? This aint a very g<Kxl time to 

   "Oh, Roth's coming," the man in the middle said.  His 

name was Legate. He seemed to be speaking to no one, as 

he was looking at neither of them. "If it  was just a buck 

he was coming all  this distance for, now. But he's got a 

doe in here. Of course a old man like Uncle Ike cant be 

interested in no doe, not one that walks on two legs 

when she's standing up, that is.         Pretty light-colored, too. 

The one he was after them nights last fall when he said 

 he was coon-hunting. Uncle Ike. The one I figured maybe 

 he was still running when he was gone all that month last 

 January.  But of course a old man like  Uncle Ike aint 

 got no interest in nothing like that." He chortled, still l(x)k- 

 ing at no one, not completely jeering. 

    "What?" the  old  man said.          "What's that?"  But he 

 had not even so much as glanced at Legate. He was still 

 watching his kinsman's face. The eyes behind the spectacles 

 were the blurred eyes of an old man, but they were quite 

 sharp too; eyes which could still see a gun-barrel and what 

 ran beyond it  as well as any of them could. He was re- 


membering himself now: how last year, during the final 

stage by motor boat in to where they camped, a box of 

food had been lost overboard and how on the next day 

his kinsman had gone back to the nearest town for sup- 

plies  and had been gone overnight. And when he did 

return, something had happened to him. He would go into 

the woods with his rifle each dawn when the others went, 

but the old man, watching him, knew that he was not 

hunting. "'All right,**  he said.  *'Take me and Will on to 

shelter where we can wait for the truck, and you can go on 

back.** 

   ^l*m going in,**    the  other said harshly.  **Dont worry. 

Because this will be the last of it.** 

    ‘^The last of deer hunting, or of doe hunting?** Legate 

sai4-  This time the old man paid  no attention  to  him 

even by speech. He still watched the young man*s savage 

 and brooding face. 

    'Why?** he said. 

   "After Hitler gets through with it?  Or Smith or Jones 

or Roosevelt or Willkie or whatever he will call  himself 

in this country?** 

    'We*ll stop him in this  country,**  Legate said.  "Even 

 if he calls himself George Washington.** 

    "How?** Edmonds said.  "By singing God bless America 

 in bars at midnight and wearing dime-store flags  in our 

lapels?** 

   "So that*s what*s worrying you,**  the old man said.  "I 

 aint noticed this country being short of defenders yet, when 

 it  needed them. You did some of it  yourself twenty-odd 

 years ago, before you were a grown man even. This coun- 

 try is a little mite stronger than any one man or group of 

men, outside of it  or even inside of it  either.  I  reckon. 

                     DELTA AUTUMN                             339 

when the time comes and some of you have done got tinxl 

of hollering we are whipped if we dont go to war ai d 

some more are hollering we are whipped if we do, it w 11 

cope with one Austrian paper-hanger, no matter what :  le 

will be calling himself. My pappy and some other bett ^r 

men than any of them you named tried once to tear it             n 

two with a war, and they failed.” 

    'And what have you got left?” the other said.  "Hflf 

the people without jobs and half the factories closed  ^y 

strikes.  Half the people on public dole that wont wc -rk 

and half that couldn’t work even if they would. Too mu :h 

cotton and corn and hogs, and not enough for people to 

eat and wear. The country full of people to tell a man h(w 

he cant raise his own cotton whether he will or wont, and 

Sally Rand with a sergeant’s stripes and not even the fan 

 couldn’t fill  the army rolls.  Too much not-butter and not 

                       ” 

 even the guns 

    "We got a deer camp—if we ever get to it,” Legate said. 

 "Not to mention does.” 

   "It’s a good time to mention does,” the old man said. 

 "Does and fawns both. The only fighting anywhere that 

 ever had anything of God’s blessing on it has been when 

men fought to protect  does and fawns. If  it’s          going to 

 come to fighting, that’s a good thing to mention and re- 

member too.” 

    "Haven’t you discovered in—how many years more than 

 seventy is  it?—that women and children are  one thing 

 there’s never any scarcity of?” Edmonds said. 

    "Maybe that’s why all  I  am worrying about right now 

 is that ten miles of river we still have got to run before we 

 can make camp,” the old man said.  "So let’s get on.” 

   They went on. Soon they were going fast again, as Ed- 


monds always drove, consulting neither of them about the 

speed just as he had given neither of them any warning 

when he slammed the car to stop.  The old man relaxed 

again. He watched, as he did each recurrent November 

while more than sixty of them passed, the land which he 

had seen change. At first there had been only the old towns 

along the River and the old towns along the hills,  from 

each of which the planters with their gangs of slaves and 

then of hired laborers had wrested from the impenetrable 

jungle of water-standing cane and cypress, gum and holly 

and oak and ash, cotton patches which as the years passed 

became fields  and then plantations.  The paths made by 

deer and bear became roads and then highways, with towns 

 in  turn  springing up along them and along the  rivers 

 Tallahatchie and Sunflower which joined and became the 

             River of the          of the Choctaws—  thick, 

Yazoo, the                  Dead                        the 

 slow,  black,  unsunned streams  almost without  current, 

 which once each year ceased to flow at all  and then re- 

 versed,  spreading, drowning the rich land and subsiding 

 again, leaving it  still richer. 

   Most of that was gone now. Now a man drove two 

 hundred miles from Jefferson before he found wilderness 

 to hunt in. Now the land lay open from the cradling hills 

 on the East to the rampart of levee on the West, standing 

 horseman-tall with cotton for the world^s looms—the rich 

 black land, imponderable and vast, fecund up to the very 

 doorsteps of the negroes who worked it  and of the white 

 men who owned it; which exhausted the hunting life of a 

 dog in one year, the working life of a mule in five and of 

 a man in twenty—the land in which neon flashed past 

 them from the little countless towns and countless shining 

 this-year s automobiles sped past them on the broad plumb- 

                    DELTA AUTUMN                          341 

ruled highways, yet in which the only permanent mark of 

man's occupation seemed to be the tremendous gins, con- 

structed in sections of sheet iron and in  a week's tin e 

though they were, since no man, millionaire though he ht, 

would build more than a roof and walls  to  shelter d.e 

camping equipment he In ed from when he knew tb it 

once each ten years or so his house would be flooded ’:o 

                                     ruined;   the      acn ss 

the second storey and all within it         —  land 

which there came now no s< ream of panther but instead t le 

long hooting of locomotives:  trains  of incredible length 

and drawn by a single engine, since there was no gradie lt 

anywhere and no elevation save those raised by forgott ;n 

aboriginal hands as refuges from the yearly water and us-id 

by their Indian successors to sepulchre their fathers' bones, 

and all that remained of that old time were the Indian names 

on the  little  towns and usually  pertaining  to  water 

Aluschaskuna, Tillatoba, Homochitto, Yazoo. 

   By early afternoon, they were on water. At the last little 

Indian-named town at the end of pavement they waited 

until the other car and the two trucks—the one carrying 

the bedding and tents and food,  the other the horses 

overtook them. They left the concrete and, after another 

mile or  so,  the gravel  too.  In caravan they ground on 

through the  ceaselessly  dissolving  afternoon,  with  skid- 

chains on the wheels now, lurching and splashing and 

sliding among the ruts, until presently it  seemed to him 

that the retrograde of his remembering had gained an in- 

verse velocity from their own slow progress, that the land 

had retreated not in minutes from the last spread of gravel 

but in years, decades, back toward what it had been when 

he first  knew it: the road they now followed once more 

the ancient pathway of bear and deer,  the diminishing 


fields  they now passed  once more scooped punily  and 

terrifically by axe and saw and mule-drawn plow from the 

wilderness'  flank,  out of  the brooding  and immemorial 

tangle,  in  place   of  ruthless  mile-wide  parallelograms 

wrought by ditching the dyking machinery. 

   They reached the river landing and unloaded, the horses 

to go overland down stream to a point opposite the camp 

and swim the river, themselves and the bedding and food 

and dogs and guns in the motor launch. It was himself, 

though no horseman, no farmer, not even a countryman 

save by his distant birth and boyhood, who coaxed and 

soothed the two horses, drawing them by his own single 

frail hand until, backing, filling,  trembling a little,  they 

surged, halted,  then  sprang scrambling down from the 

truck, possessing no affinity for them as creatures, beasts, 

bufbeing merely insulated by his years and time from the 

corruption of steel and oiled moving parts which tainted 

the others. 

   Then, his  old  hammer double gun which was only 

twelve years younger than he standing between his knees, 

he watched even the last  puny marks of  man—cabin, 

clearing, the small and irregular fields which a year ago 

were jungle and in which the skeleton stalks of this year's 

cotton stood almost as tall and rank as the old cane had stood, 

as if man had had to marry his planting to the wilderness 

in order to conquer it—fall  away and vanish. The twin 

banks marched with wilderness as he remembered it—the 

tangle of brier and cane impenetrable even to sight twenty 

 feet away, the tall  tremendous soaring of oak and gum 

 and ash and hickory which had rung to no axe save the 

hunter's, had echoed to no machinery save the beat of old- 

time steam boats traversing it or to the snarling of launches 

                    DELTA AUTUMN                            343 

like their own of people going into it to dwell for a week 

or two weeks because it  was still  wilderness. There was 

some of it left, although now it was two hundred miles fro n 

Jefferson when once it had been thirty. He had watched t, 

not being conquered, destroyed, so much as retreating sin :e 

its purpose was served now and its time an outmoded tin: 

retreating southward through this inverted-apex, this  X 

shaped section  of  earth between hills       and River unal 

what was left of it  seemed now to be gathered and for t  ^e 

time arrested in one tremendous density of brooding ai d 

inscrutable impenetrability at the ultimate funnelling ti;p. 

   They reached the site of their last-year s camp with st 11 

two hours left of light.  ^Ttm go on over under that drit st 

tree and set down,^^ Legate told him.  —if you can find it. 

Me and these other young boys will  do this.^'          He did 

neither.  He was not tired  yet.  That would come later. 

Mayhe it wont come at all this time, he thought, as he had 

thought at this point each November for the last five or six 

of them. Mayhe I will go out on stand in the morning too; 

knowing that he would not, not even if he took the advice 

and sat down under the driest shelter and did nothing until 

camp was made and supper cooked. Because it would not 

be the fatigue. It would be because he would not sleep to- 

night but would lie  instead wakeful and peaceful on the 

cot amid the tent-filling snoring and the rain s whisper as 

he always did on the first night in camp; peaceful, without 

regret or fretting, telling himself that was all right too, who 

didn't have so many of them left as to waste one sleeping. 

   In his slicker he directed the unloading of the boat—the 

tents, the stove, the bedding, the food for themselves and 

the dogs until there should be meat in camp. He sent two 

of the negroes to cut firewood; he had the cook-tent raised 


and the stove up and a fire going and supper cooking while 

the big tent was still being staked down. Then in the be- 

ginning of dusk he crossed in the boat to where the horses 

waited, backing and snorting at the water. He took the lead- 

ropes and with no more weight than that and his voice, he 

drew them down into the water and held them beside the 

boat with only their heads above the surface, as  though 

they actually were suspended from his frail and strengthless 

old man's hands, while the boat recrossed and each horse 

in turn lay prone in the shallows, panting and trembling, 

its eyes rolling in the dusk, until the same weightless hand 

and unraised voice gathered it  surging upward, splashing 

and thrashing up the bank. 

   Then the meal was ready. The last of light was gone now 

save the thin stain of it   snared somewhere between the 

river s surface and the rain. He had the single glass of thin 

whisky-and-water, then, standing in the churned mud be- 

neath the stretched tarpaulin, he said grace over the fried 

slabs of pork, the hot soft shapeless bread, the canned beans 

and molasses and coffee in iron plates and cups,     the 

                                                   —  town 

food,  brought  along  with  them—then  covered  himself 

again, the others following. ^'Eat," he said.  ‘Tat it all  up. 

I dont want a piece of town meat in camp after breakfast 

tomorrow. Then you boys will hunt. You'll have to. When 

 I first started hunting in this bottom sixty years ago with 

 old General Compson and Major de Spain and Roth's 

 grandfather and Will Legate's too. Major de Spain wouldn't 

 allow but two pieces of foreign grub in his camp. That was 

 one side of pork and one ham of beef. And not to eat for 

 the first supper and breakfast neither. It was to save until 

 along toward the end of camp when everybody was so sick 

                     DELTA AUTUMN                             345 

of bear meat and coon and venison that we couldn't even 

look at it." 

      thought Uncle Ike was going to say the pork and be jf 

was for the dogs," Legate s lid,  chewing. “But that's rigl: t; 

I remember. You just shot the dogs a mess of wild turk 

                                                                 y 

every evening when they got tired of deer guts." 

   “Times are different mw," another said.  “There w is 

game here then." 

   “Yes," the old man said quietly. “There was game h( re 

then." 

   “Besides, they shot does :hen too," Legate said. “As it is 

                                                   " 

now, we aint got but one tloe-hunter in 

   “And better men hunted it,"  Edmonds said.  He stO'^i 

at  the end of the rough plank table,  eating rapidly and 

steadily as the others ate.  But again the old man looked 

sharply across at the sullen, handsome, brooding face which 

appeared now darker and more sullen still  in the light of 

the smoky lantern. “Go on. Say it." 

   “I didn't say that," the old man said.  “There are good 

men everywhere, at all times. Most men are. Some are just 

unlucky, because most men are a little  better than their 

circumstances give them a chance to be. And I've known 

some that even the circumstances couldn't stop." 

                           — 

   “Well, I wouldn't say      " Legate said. 

   “So you've lived  almost eighty years,"  Edmonds said. 

“And that's what you finally learned about the other ani- 

mals you lived among. I  suppose the question to ask you 

is, where have you been all the time you were dead?" 

   There was a silence; for the instant even Legate's jaw 

stopped chewing while he gaped at Edmonds. ‘Well, by 

            — 

God, Roth      " the third speaker said. But it  was the old 


man who spoke, his voice still  peaceful and untroubled 

and merely grave: 

    ‘^Maybe so,**  he said. *^But if being what you call alive 

would have learned me any different, I reckon Tm satisfied, 

wherever it was Tve been.** 

                                          — 

    ‘Well, I wouldn*t say that Roth           ** Legate said. 

   The third speaker was still leaning forward a little over 

the table, looking at Edmonds. “Meaning that it*s only be- 

cause folks happen to be watching him that a man behaves 

at all,** he said. “Is that it?** 

   “Yes,** Edmonds said. “A man in a blue coat, with a badge 

on it watching him. Maybe just the badge.** 

                                                            ** 

   “I deny that,** the old man said. “I dont 

   The other two paid no attention to him. Even Legate 

was listening to them for the moment, his mouth still  full 

offood and still open a little, his knife with another lump 

of something balanced on the tip of the blade arrested half- 

way to his mouth. “Lm glad I dont have your opinion of 

folks,** the third speaker said. “I take it  you include your- 

self.** 

   “I see,** Edmonds said. “You prefer Uncle Ike*s opinion 

of circumstances. All right. Who makes the circumstances?** 

   “Luck,** the third said. “Chance. Happen-so. I see what 

you are getting at.  But that*s just what Uncle Ike said: 

that now and then, maybe most of the time, man is a little 

better than the net result of his and his neighbors* doings, 

when he gets the chance to be.** 

    This time Legate swallowed first.            He was not to be 

                       ‘Well,  wouldn*t say that 

stopped this time.              I                       Roth Edmonds 

can hunt one doe every day and night for two weeks and 

was a poor hunter or a unlucky one neither. A man that 

                                                                         ** 

still have the same doe left to hunt on again next year 

                     DELTA AUTUMN 

                                                                347 

    ‘‘Have some meat,” the man next to him said. 

   “ 

       aint 

    —  no unlucky— What?” Legate said. 

   “Have some meat.” The other offered the dish. 

   “I got some,” Legate said 

   “Have some more,” the third  speaker said,  “You ar d 

Roth Edmonds both.  Havt a heap of it.            Clapping your 

                                                                  ” 

jaws together that way with nothing to break the shod 

 Someone chortled. Then they all laughed, with relief, t!  e 

tension broken. But the old man was speaking, even in ;o 

the laughter, in that peaceful and still untroubled voice: 

   “I still believe. I see proof everywhere. I grant that mun 

made a heap of his circumstances, him and his living neigh- 

bors between them. He even inherited some of them already 

made, already almost ruined even. A while ago Henry 

Wyatt there said how there used to he more game here. 

There was. So much that we even killed does. I  seem to 

                                                   — 

remember Will Legate mentioning that too              ”  Someone 

laughed, a single guffaw, stillborn.  It ceased and they all 

listened, gravely, looking down at  their plates.  Edmonds 

was drinking his coffee, sullen, brooding, inattentive. 

   “Some folks still kill does,” Wyatt said. “There wont be 

just  one buck hanging in  this  bottom tomorrow night 

without any head to fit it.” 

   “I didn't say all  men,” the old man said.  “I  said most 

men. And not just because there is  a man with a badge 

to watch us. We probably wont even see him unless maybe 

he will  stop here about noon tomorrow and eat dinner 

                                         ” 

with us and check our licenses 

   “We dont kill does because if we did kill does in a few 

years there wouldn't even be any bucks left to kill,  Lfncle 

Ike,” Wyatt said. 

   “According to Roth yonder, that's one thing we wont 


never have to worry about/' the old man said.           ‘'He said 

on the way here this morning that does and fawns—I be- 

lieve  he said women and children—are  two things this 

world aint ever lacked. But that aint all  of it/'  he said. 

“That's just the mind's reason a man has to give himself 

because the heart dont always have time to bother with 

thinking up words that fit together. God created man and 

He created the world for him to live in and I reckon He 

created the kind of world He would have wanted to live in 

                          —                to walk            big 

if  He had been a man  the ground                    on, the 

woods, the trees and the water, and the game to live in it. 

And maybe He didn't put the desire to hunt and kill game 

in man but I reckon He knew it was going to be there, that 

man was going to teach it to himself, since he wasn't quite 

                         " 

Gpd himself yet 

   “When will he be?" Wyatt said. 

   “I think that every man and woman, at the instant when 

it dont even matter whether they marry or not, I think that 

whether they marry then or afterward or dont never, at 

that instant the two of them together were God." 

   “Then there are some Gods in this world I wouldn't want 

 to touch, and with a damn long stick," Edmonds said.  He 

 set his coffee cup down and looked at Wyatt. “And that 

 includes myself, if that's what you want to know. I'm going 

to bed."  He was gone. There was a general movement 

 among the others. But it ceased and they stood again about 

 the table, not looking at the old man, apparently held there 

 yet by his quiet and peaceful voice as  the heads of the 

 swimming horses had been held above the water by his 

 weightless  hand.  The three negroes—the  cook and his 

                        — 

 helper and old Isham      ^were sitting quietly in the entrance 

                    DELTA AUTUMN                           349 

of the kitchen tent, listening too, the three faces dark and 

motionless and musing. 

   *'He put them both here  man, and the game he woa-d 

follow and kill,  foreknowing it.  I believe He said,  'So be 

it.^ I reckon He even foreknew the end. But He said, 'I w: 11 

give him his chance. I wi!l give him warning and for 

knowledge too, along with the desire to follow and the pow :r 

                                            and the game  e 

to slay. The woods and fieHs he ravages                    1 

devastates will be the consequence and signature of I is 

crime and guilt, and his punishment.^—Bed time,^' he sai 1. 

His voice and inflection divl not change at all.    "Breakbst 

at four oclock, Isham. We want meat on the ground by 

sunup time.^^ 

   There was a good fire in the sheet-iron heater; the tent 

was warm and was beginning to dry out, except for the 

mud underfoot.  Edmonds was  already  rolled         into  his 

blankets, motionless, his face to the wall. Isham had made 

up his bed too—the strong, battered iron cot,  the stained 

mattress which was not quite soft enough, the worn, often- 

washed blankets which as the years passed were less  and 

less warm enough. But the tent was warm; presently, when 

the kitchen was cleaned up and readied for breakfast, the 

young negro would come in to lie down before the heater, 

where he could be roused to put fresh wood into it  from 

time to time. And then, he knew now he would not sleep 

tonight anyway; he no longer needed to tell himself that 

perhaps he would. But it was all right now. The day was 

ended now and night faced him, but alarmless, empty of 

fret. Mayhe 1 came for this, he thought: Not to hunt, hut 

for this. 1 would come anyway, even if only to go hack home 

tomorrow. Wearing only his bagging woolen underwear, 

his spectacles folded away in the worn case beneath the 


pillow where he could reach them readily and his lean body 

fitted  easily  into  the old worn groove  of mattress  and 

blankets, he lay on his back, his hands crossed on his breast 

and his eyes closed while the others undressed and went to 

bed and the last of the sporadic talking died into snoring. 

Then he opened his eyes and lay peaceful and quiet as a 

child, looking up at the motionless belly of rain-murmured 

canvas upon which the glow of the heater was dying slowly 

away and would fade still  further until the young negro, 

lying on two planks before it, would sit up and stoke it and 

lie back down again. 

   They had a house once. That was sixty years ago, when 

the Big Bottom was only thirty miles from Jefferson and 

old Major de Spain, who had been his father s cavalry com- 

mander in ^6 1  and *2 and '3 and '4, and his cousin (hisolder 

brother; his father too) had taken him into the woods for 

the first  time. Old Sam Fathers was alive  then, born in 

slavery, son of a Negro slave and a Chickasaw chief, who 

had taught him how to shoot, not only when to shoot but 

when not to; such a November dawn as tomorrow would be 

and the old man led him straight to the great cypress and he 

had known the buck would pass  exactly  there because 

 there was something running in Sam Fathers' veins which 

 ran in the veins of the buck too, and they stood there against 

 the tremendous trunk, the old man of seventy and the boy 

 of twelve, and there was nothing save the dawn until sud- 

 denly the buck was there, smoke-colored out of nothing, 

 magnificent with speed: and Sam Fathers said, *Now. Shoot 

 quick and shoot slow:' and the gun levelled rapidly with- 

 out haste and crashed and he walked to the buck lying still 

 intact and still  in the shape of that magnificent speed and 

 bled it with Sams knife and Sam dipped his hands into the 

                     DELTA AUTUMN                            351 

hot blood and marked his face forever while he stood trying 

not to tremble, humbly and with pride too though the boy 

of twelve had been unable to phrase it then: I slew you; m y 

hearing must not shame your quitting life. My conduct fo‘ 

ever onward must become yvwr death; marking him for th; t 

and for more than that: that day and himself and McCasli 1 

juxtaposed not against the vi ilderness but against the tame 1 

land, the old wrong and shame itself,  in repudiation ar 1 

denial at least of the land    nd the wrong and shame eve 1 

if he couldn't cure the wrong and eradicate the shame, wl 0 

at fourteen when he learned of it  had believed he cou. 

do both when he became competent and when at twent 

one he became competent he knew that he could do neitht r 

but at least he could repudiate the wrong and shame, at 

least in principle, and at least the land itself  in fact,  for 

his son at least:  and did, thought he had: then  (married 

then) in a  rented cubicle in  a back-street  stock-traders’ 

boarding-house,  the first  and last  time he ever saw her 

naked body, himself and his wife juxtaposed in their turn 

against that same land, that same wrong and shame from 

whose regret and grief he would at least save and free his 

 son and, saving and freeing his son, lost him. They had the 

house then. That roof, the two weeks of each November 

which they spent under it, had become his home. Although 

since that time they had lived during the two fall weeks in 

tents and not always in the same place two years in suc- 

cession and now his companions were the sons and even 

the grandsons of them with whom he had lived in  the 

house and for almost fifty years now the house itself had 

not even existed, the conviction, the sense and feeling of 

home, had been merely transferred into the canvas.  He 

owned a house in Jefferson, a good house though small. 


where he had had a wife and lived with her and lost her, 

ay, lost her even though he had lost her in the rented cu- 

bicle before he and his old clever dipsomaniac partner had 

finished the house for them to move into it:  but lost her, 

because she loved him. But women hope for so much. They 

never live too long to still believe that anything within the 

scope of their passionate wanting is  likewise within the 

range of their passionate hope: and it was still kept for him 

by his dead wife's widowed niece and her children and he 

was comfortable in it,  his wants and needs and even the 

small trying harmless crochets of an old man looked after 

by blood at least related to the blood which he had elected 

out of all the earth to cherish. But he spent the time within 

those walls waiting for November, because even this tent 

with its  muddy floor  and the bed which was not wide 

enough nor soft enough nor even warm enough, was his 

home and these men, some of whom he only saw during 

these two November weeks and not one of whom even 

bore any name he used to know^—De Spain and Compson 

                                — 

and Ewell and Hogganbeck           ^were more his kin than any. 

 Because this was his land 

   The shadow of the youngest negro loomed. It  soared, 

blotting the heater's dying glow from the ceiling, the wood 

billets  thumping into the iron maw until  the glow, the 

 flame, leaped high and bright across the canvas. But the 

 negro's shadow still  remained, by its  length and breadth, 

 standing, since it  covered most of the ceiling, until after 

 a moment he raised himself on one elbow to look. It was 

 not the negro, it was his kinsman; when he spoke the other 

 turned sharp against the red firelight the sullen and ruthless 

profile. 

    ^'Nothing," Edmonds said.  *‘Go on back to sleep." 

                   DELTA AUTUMN                          353 

   '"Since Will Legate mentioned it/'  McCaslin said,  'T 

remember you had some trouble sleeping in here last fall 

too. Only you called it coon hunting then. Or was it Will 

Legate called it  that?" The other didn't answer. Then h ! 

turned and went back to hi^ bed. McCaslin, still proppa! 

on his elbow, watched until the other's shadow sank dow? t 

the wall and vanished, became one with the mass of sleep- 

ing shadows.  "That's right,'  he said.  ""Try to  get  somi 

sleep. We must have meat in camp tomorrow. You can d > 

all  the setting up you want to after that." He lay dow i 

again, his hands crossed again on his breast, watching th ? 

glow of the heater on the canvas ceiling.  It  was stead/ 

again now, the fresh wood accepted, being assimilated; soon 

it would begin to fade again, taking with it  the last echo 

of that sudden upflare of a young man's passion and unrest. 

Let him lie  awake for a little while, he thought; He will 

lie still  some day for a long time without even dissatisfac- 

tion to disturb him. And lying awake here, in these sur- 

roundings, would soothe him if  anything could,  if  any- 

thing could soothe a man just  forty years  old.  Yes, he 

thought; Forty years old or thirty, or even the trembling 

and sleepless ardor of a boy; already the tent,  the rain- 

murmured canvas globe, was once more filled with it.  He 

lay on his back, his eyes closed, his breathing quiet and 

peaceful as a child's,  listening to  it—that silence which 

was never silence but was myriad. He could almost see it, 

tremendous, primeval, looming, musing downward upon 

this puny evanescent clutter of human sojourn which after 

a single brief week would vanish and in  another week 

would be completely healed,  traceless  in  the unmarked 

solitude. Because it was his land, although he had never 

 owned a foot of it.  He had never wanted to, not even after 


he saw plain its  ultimate doom, watching it  retreat year 

by year before the onslaught of axe and saw and log-lines 

and then dynamite and tractor plows, because it belonged 

to no man. It belonged to all; they had only to use it well, 

humbly and with pride. Then suddenly he knew why he 

had never wanted to own any of it, arrest at least that much 

of what people called progress, measure his longevity at 

least against that much of its ultimate fate. It was because 

there was just exactly enough of it.   He seemed to see the 

two of them—himself and the wilderness—as coevals, his 

own span as a hunter, a woodsman, not contemporary with 

his first breath but transmitted to him, assumed by him 

gladly, humbly, with joy and pride, from that old Major 

de Spain and that old Sam Fathers who had taught him 

to hunt, the two spans running out together, not toward 

oblivion, nothingness, but into a dimension free of both 

time and space where once more the untreed land warped 

and wrung to mathematical squares of rank cotton for the 

frantic old-world people to turn into shells to shoot at one 

another, would find ample room for both—the names, the 

faces of the old men he had known and loved and for a 

little while outlived, moving again among the shades of 

tall unaxed trees and sightless brakes where the wild strong 

immortal game ran forever before the tireless belling im- 

mortal hounds, falling and rising phoenix-like to the sound- 

less guns. 

   He had been asleep. The lantern was lighted now. Out- 

 side in the darkness the oldest negro, Isham, was beating a 

 spoon against the bottom of a tin pan and crying, '^Raise 

 up and get yo foa clock coffy.  Raise up and get yo foa 

 clock coflFy,^^ and the tent was full of low talk and of men 

 dressing, and Legatees voice, repeating:  ^^Get out of here 

                     DELTA AUTUMN                             355 

now and let Uncle Ike sleep. If you wake him up, hell go 

out with us. And he aint got any business in the wocds 

this morning.’* 

   So he didn’t move. He lay with his  eyes closed,  }iis 

breathing gentle and peaceful, and heard them one by cae 

leave the tent. He listened t:o the breakfast sounds from t  le 

table beneath the tarpaulin and heard them depart—tiie 

horses, the dogs, the last voice until it died away and th» re 

was only the sounds of the negroes clearing breakfast aw y. 

After a while he might         »ssibly even hear the first  fa nt 

                            p 

clear cry of the first  hound ring through the wet woeds 

from where the buck had bedded, then he would go back 

                — 

to  sleep again    ^The tent-flap  swung in and fell.       Some- 

thing jarred sharply against the end of the cot and a hand 

grasped his knee through the blanket before he could open 

his eyes. It was Edmonds, carrying a shotgun in place of 

his rifle.  He spoke in a harsh, rapid voice: 

                                                  ” 

   '*Sorry to wake you. There will be a 

      was awake,” McCaslin said. *^Are you going to shoot 

that shotgun today?” 

   *Tou just told me last night you want meat,” Edmonds 

                               ” 

said. 'Therewill be a 

   "Since when did you start having trouble getting meat 

with your rifle?” 

   "All right,” the other said, with that harsh, restrained, 

 furious impatience.  Then McCaslin saw in his hand a 

thick oblong: an envelope. "There will be a message here 

 some time this morning, looking for me. Maybe it  wont 

 come. If it does, give the messenger this and tell h— say I 

 said No.” 

    "A what?” McCaslin said.  "Tell who?” He half rose 

 onto his elbow as Edmonds jerked the envelope onto the 


blanket, already turning toward the entrance, the envelope 

striking solid  and heavy and without noise and already 

sliding from the bed until McCaslin caught it,        divining 

by feel through the paper as instantaneously and conclu- 

sively as if he had opened the envelope and looked, the 

                                                      — 

thick sheaf of banknotes. 'Wait,'' he said.  'Wait:"  ^more 

than the blood kinsman, more even than the senior in years, 

so that the other paused, the canvas lifted,  looking back, 

and McCaslin saw that outside it was already day. "Tell her 

No," he said. "Tell her." They stared at one another—the 

old face, wan, sleep-raddled above the tumbled bed, the 

dark and sullen younger one at once furious and cold. 

 'Will Legate was right. This is what you called coon-hunt- 

ing. And now this." He didn't raise the envelope. He made 

no motion, no gesture to indicate it.  "What did you promise 

her that you haven't the courage to face her and retract?" 

   "Nothing!" the other said.  "Nothing! This is  all  of it. 

Tell her I said No." He was gone. The tent flap lifted on 

 an in-waft of faint light and the constant murmur of rain, 

 and fell again, leaving the old man still half-raised onto one 

 elbow, the envelope clutched in the other shaking hand. 

Afterward it seemed to him that he had begun to hear the 

approaching boat almost immediately, before the other could 

have got out of sight even. It seemed to him that there had 

been no interval whatever:  the tent flap  falling on the 

 same out-waft of faint and rain-filled light like the suspira- 

 tion and expiration of the same breath and then in the next 

 second lifted again—the mounting snarl of the outboard 

 engine,  increasing,  nearer  and nearer  and louder  and 

 louder then cut short off,  ceasing with the absolute in- 

 stantaneity of a blown-out candle, into the lap and plop 

 of water under the bows as the skilF slid in to the bank, the 

                    DELTA AUTUMN                           357 

youngest negro, the youth, raising the tent flap beyond 

which for that instant he saw the boat—a small skiff with 

a negro man sitting  in  the stern beside  the up-slan ed 

motor—then the woman entering, in a mans hat anc:  a 

man's slicker and rubber lxx)ts, carrying the blanket-sw id- 

dled bundle on one arm and holding the edge of the  in- 

buttoned raincoat over it  vvith the other hand: and bri ig- 

ing something else,    som< thing  intangible,  an effluvi im 

which he knew he would recognise in a moment beca ise 

Isham had already told h]m, warned him, by sending  he 

young negro to the tent to announce the visitor instead of 

coming himself, the flap falling at last on the young ne* ^ro 

and they were alone—the face indistinct and as yet only 

young and with dark eyes, queerly colorless but not ill  and 

not that of a country woman despite the garments she wore, 

looking down at him where he sat upright on the cot now, 

clutching the envelope, the soiled undergarment bagging 

about him and the twisted blankets huddled about his hips. 

   ‘Is that his?" he cried. “Dont lie to me!" 

   “Yes," she said. “He's gone." 

   “Yes. He's gone. You wont jump him here. Not this time. 

I dont reckon even you expected that.  He left  you this. 

Here." He fumbled at the envelope. It was not to pick it 

up, because it was still  in his hand; he had never put it 

down. It was as if he had to fumble somehow to co-ordi- 

nate physically his heretofore obedient hand with what 

his brain was commanding of it,  as if he had never per- 

formed such an action before, extending the envelope at 

last,  saying again, “Here. Take it.  Take it:" until he be- 

came aware of her eyes, or not the eyes so much as the 

look, the regard fixed now on his face with that immersed 

contemplation, that bottomless and intent candor, of a child. 


If she had ever seen either the envelope or his movement to 

extend it,  she did not show it. 

   ‘Tfou re Uncle Isaac,” she said. 

   "'Yes,” he said. "But never mind that. Here. Take it.  He 

said to tell you No.” She looked at the envelope, then she 

took it.  It was sealed and bore no superscription. Never- 

theless, even after she glanced at the front of it, he watched 

her hold it  in the one free hand and tear the comer off 

with her teeth and manage to rip it open and tilt  the neat 

sheaf of bound notes onto the blanket without even glanc- 

ing at them and look into the empty envelope and take the 

edge between her teeth and tear it completely open before 

she crumpled and dropped it. 

   "That s just money,” she said. 

   "What did you expect? What else did you expect? You 

have known him long enough or at least often enough to 

have got that child, and you dont know him any better 

than that?” 

   "Not very often. Not very long. Just that week here last 

fall, and in January he sent for me and we went West, to 

New Mexico. We were there six weeks, where I could at 

least sleep in the same apartment where I cooked for him 

                                    ” 

and looked after his clothes 

   "But not marriage,” he said.  "Not marriage. He didn^t 

promise you that. Dont lie to me. He didn't have to.” 

   "No. He didn't have to. I didn't ask him to. I knew what 

I was doing. I knew that to begin with, long before honor 

I imagine he called it told him the time had come to tell 

me in so many words what his code I  suppose he would 

call  it  would forbid him forever to do. And we agreed. 

Then we agreed again before he left New Mexico, to make 

sure. That that would be all of it.  I believed him. No, I 

                      DELTA AUTUMN                               359 

dont mean that; I mean I believed myself, I wasn^t even 

listening to him anymore by then because by that tim»^ it 

had been a long time since he had had anything else to  :ell 

me for me to have to hear By then I wasn^t even listen ng 

enough to ask him to please stop talking. I was listening  to 

myself. And I believed it.  I must have believed it.         I d mt 

    how  could have help<id but believe it, because he ' vas 

see       I 

gone then as we had agret d and he didn’t write as we 1  ad 

agreed, just the money came to the bank in Vicksburg in 

my name but coming from nobody as we had agreed.                    I 

must have believed it.  I even wrote him last month to m..ke 

sure again and the letter came back unopened and I was 

sure. So I left the hospital and rented myself a room to live 

in until the deer season opened so I could make sure myself 

and I was waiting beside the road yesterday when your car 

passed and he saw me and so I was sure.” 

                                             * 

   ^Then what do you want?” he said. What do you want? 

What do you expect?” 

    'Tes,” she said. And while he glared at her, his white 

hair awry from the pillow and his eyes, lacking the spec- 

 tacles  to focus them, blurred and irisless  and apparendy 

pupilless, he saw again that grave, intent, speculative and 

detached fixity like a child watching him. ^^His great great 

— 

   ^Wait a minute.—^great great great grandfather was your 

grandfather. McCaslin. Only it got to be Edmonds. Only 

it  got to be more than that. Your cousin McCaslin was 

 there that day when your father and Uncle Buddy won 

 Tennie from Mr Beauchamp for the one that had no name 

 but Terrel so you called him Tomey s  Terrel, to marry. 

 But after that it  got to be Edmonds.” She regarded him, 

 almost peacefully, with that unwinking and heatless fixity 

—the dark wide bottomless eyes in the face s dead and tone- 

36o                 go down, MOSES 

less pallor which to the old man looked anything but dead, 

but young and incredibly and even ineradicably alive—as 

though she were not only not looking at  anything, she 

was not even speaking to anyone but herself.         would have 

made a man of him. He's not a man yet. You spoiled him. 

You, and Uncle Lucas and Aunt Mollie. But mostly you.” 

   "Me?” he said. "Me?” 

   "Yes. When you gave to his grandfather that land which 

didn't belong to him, not even half of it  by will or even 

law.” 

   "And never mind that too,” he said.  "Never mind that 

too. You,” he said. "You sound like you have been to college 

even. You sound almost like a Northerner even, not like 

the draggle-tailed women of these Delta peckerwoods. Yet 

you meet a man on the street one afternoon just because 

a Sox of groceries happened to fall out of a boat. And a 

month later you go off with him and live with him until 

he got a child on you: and then, by your own statement, 

you sat there while he took his hat and said goodbye and 

walked out.  Even a Delta peckerwood would look after 

 even a draggle-tail better than that.  Haven't you got any 

 folks at all?” 

    "Yes,” she said. "I was living with one of them. My aunt, 

 in Vicksburg. I came to live with her two years ago when 

my father died; we lived in Indianapolis then. But I got 

 a job, teaching school here in Aluschaskuna, because my 

 aunt was a widow, with a big family, taking in washing to 

           ” 

 sup 

    "Took in what?” he said. "Took in washing?” He sprang, 

 still  seated even, flinging himself backward onto one arm, 

 awry-haired, glaring. Now he understood what it was she 

 had brought into the tent with her, what old Isham had 

                    DELTA AUTUMN                          361 

already told him by sending the youth to bring her in to 

him—the pale lips, the skin pallid and dead-looking yet not 

ill,  the dark and tragic and foreknowing eyes. Maybe 'n a 

thousand or two thousand years in America, he thought. 

But not now! Not now! He cried, not loud, in a vok t        of 

amazement, pity, and outrage: ^'Youte a nigger!^^ 

   *'Yes,^' she said.         Beauchamp—you called  him 

                                      — 

Tennie's Jim though he Imd a name  ^was my grandfather. 

I said you were Uncle Isaac.^* 

   ''And he knows?'' 

   "No," she said. "What good would that have done?" 

   "But you did," he cried  "But you did. Then what do you 

expect here?" 

   "Nothing." 

   "Then why did you come here? You said  you were 

waiting in Aluschaskuna yesterday and he saw you. Why 

did you come this morning?" 

   "I'm going back North. Back home. My cousin brought 

me up the day before yesterday in his boat. He's going to 

take me on to Leland to get the train." 

   "Then go," he said. Then he cried again in that thin not 

loud and grieving voice: "Get out of here! I can do nothing 

for you! Cant nobody do nothing for you!" She moved; 

she was not looking at him again,  toward the entrance. 

"Wait," he said. She paused again, obediently still, turning. 

He took up the sheaf of banknotes and laid it on the blan- 

ket at the foot of the cot and drew his hand back beneath 

the blanket. "There," he said. 

   Now she looked at the money, for the first time, one brief 

blank glance, then away again. "I dont need it.      He gave 

me money last winter. Besides the money he sent to Vicks- 

burg. Provided. Honor and code too. That was all arranged." 


   'Take it,” he said. His voice began to rise again, but he 

stopped it.  "Take it out of my tent.” She came back to the 

cot and took up the money; whereupon once more he said, 

'Wait:” although she had not turned, still  stooping, and 

he put out his hand. But, sitting, he could not complete 

the reach until she moved her hand, the single hand which 

held the money, until he touched it.  He didn't grasp it, he 

merely touched it—the gnarled, bloodless, bone-light bone- 

dry old man s  fingers touching for a second the smooth 

young flesh where the strong old blood ran after its  long 

lost journey back to home. "Tennie's Jim,” he said. "Ten- 

nie's Jim.” He drew the hand back beneath the blanket 

again: he said harshly now: "It's a boy, I  reckon. They 

usually are, except that one that was its own mother too.” 

   "Yes,” she said.  "It's a boy.”  She stood for a moment 

longer, looking at him. Just for an instant her free hand 

moved as though she were about to lift the edge of the rain- 

coat away from the child's  face.  But she did not.  She 

turned again when once more he said Wait and moved be- 

neath the blanket. 

   "Turn your back,” he said. "I am going to get up. I aint 

got my pants on.” Then he could not get up. He sat in the 

huddled blanket,  shaking, while again  she  turned and 

looked down at him in dark interrogation. "There,” he said 

harshly, in the thin and shaking old man's voice.  "On the 

 nail there. The tent-pole.” 

    'What?” she said. 

   "The horn!” he said harshly. "The horn.” She went and 

got it,  thrust the money into the slicker's side pocket as if 

 it were a rag, a soiled handkerchief, and lifted down the 

 horn, the one which General Compson had left him in his 

                     DELTA AUTUMN                             363 

will, covered with the unbroken skin from a buck s shank 

and bound with silver. 

   'What?'' she said. 

   "It's his. Take it." 

   "Oh," she said. "Yes. Thank you." 

   "Yes," he said, harshly, rapidly, but not so harsh now ind 

soon not harsh at all but just rapid, urgent, until he k lew 

that his voice was running away with him and he lad 

neither intended it  nor could stop it:      "That's right.  Go 

back North. Marry: a man in your own race. That's the 

only salvation for you—for a while yet, maybe a long wiile 

yet. We will have to wait. Marry a black man. You are 

young, handsome, almost white; you could find a black 

man who would see in you what it  was you saw in him, 

who would ask nothing of you and expect less and get even 

still less than that, if it's revenge you want. Then you will 

forget all this, forget it ever happened, that he ever existed 

— 

   " until he could stop it at last and did, sitting there in his 

huddle of blankets during the instant when, without mov- 

ing at all,  she blazed silently down at him. Then that was 

gone too.  She stood in  the gleaming and still         dripping 

slicker, looking quietly down at him from under the sodden 

hat. 

   "Old man," she said,  "have you lived so long and for- 

gotten so much that you dont remember anything you ever 

knew or felt or even heard about love?" 

   Then she was gone too. The waft of light and the mur- 

mur of the constant rain flowed into the tent and then out 

again as the flap fell.  Lying back once more, trembling, 

panting, the blanket huddled to his chin and his hands 

crossed on his breast, he listened to the pop and snarl, the 

mounting then fading whine of the motor until it  died 


away and once again the tent held only silence and the 

sound of rain. And cold too:  he lay shaking faindy and 

steadily in it,  rigid save for the shaking. This Delta, he 

thought: This Delta. This land which man has deswamped 

and denuded and derivered in two generations so that white 

men can own plantations  and commute every night to 

Memphis and block men own plantations and ride in jim 

crow cars to Chicago to live in millionaires  mansions on 

Lakeshore Drive, where white men rent farms and live like 

niggers and niggers crop on shares and live like animals, 

where cotton is  planted and grows man-tall in the very 

cracks of the sidewalks, and usury and mortgage and bank- 

ruptcy and measureless wealth, Chinese and African and 

Aryan and Jew, all breed and spawn together until no man 

has time to say which one is  which nor cares,  .         . . No 

wonder the ruined woods I used to know dont cry for retri- 

bution! he thought: The people who have destroyed it will 

accomplish its revenge. 

   The tent flap jerked rapidly in and fell. He did not move 

save to turn his head and open his eyes. It was Legate. He 

went quickly to Edmonds* bed and stooped, rummaging 

hurriedly among the still-tumbled blankets. 

   ^'What is it?** he said. 

   ''Looking for Roth*s knife,** Legate said. "I come back to 

get a horse. We got a deer on the ground.** He rose, the 

knife in his hand, and hurried toward the entrance. 

    "Who killed it?** McCaslin said.  "Was it Roth?** 

   "Yes,** Legate said, raising the flap. 

   "Wait,** McCaslin said.  He moved, suddenly, onto his 

elbow. "Whatwas it?** Legate paused for an instant beneath 

 the lifted flap. He did not look back. 

    "Just a deer. Uncle Ike,** he said impatiently. "Nothing 

                     DELTA AUTUMN                             365 

extra/^ He was gone; again the flap fell behind him, wafting 

out of the tent again the faint light and the constant and 

grieving rain. McCaslin lay back down, the blanket mce 

more drawn to his chin, his crossed hands once more we ght- 

less on his breast in the einpty tent. 

   'It was a doe,'* he said. 

Go Down, Moses 

The face was black, smooth, impenetrable; the eyes lad 

seen too much. The negroid hair had been treated so  hat 

it covered the skull like a cap, in a single neat-ridged swtiep, 

with the appearance of having been lacquered, the part 

trimmed out with a razor,  so that the head resembled a 

bronze head, imperishable and enduring. He wore one of 

those sports costumes called ensembles in the men s  shop 

advertisements, shirt and trousers matching and cut from 

the same fawn-colored flannel, and they had cost too much 

and were draped too much, with too many pleats; and he 

half lay on the steel cot in the steel cubicle just outside 

which an armed guard had stood for twenty hours now, 

smoking cigarettes and answering in a voice which was any- 

thing under the sun but a southern voice or even a negro 

voice,  the questions of the spectacled young white man 

sitting with a broad census-taker s portfolio on the steel stool 

opposite: 

    '^Samuel Worsham Beauchamp. Twenty-six. Bom in the 

                                                                       ** 

country near Jefferson, Mississippi.  No family. No 

   ^Wait.^^ The census-taker wrote rapidly. ''That's not the 

name you were sen—lived under in Chicago." 

   The other snapped the ash from the cigarette.  "No. It 

was another guy killed the cop." 

                                  369 


   ''All right. Occupation 

   "Getting rich too fast. 

      none.^^ The census-taker wrote rapidly.  "Parents.^^ 

   — 

   "Sure. Two. I dont remember them. My grandmother 

raised me.^^ 

   "Whats her name? Is she still living?'' 

   "I dont know. Mollie Worsham Beauchamp. If she is, 

she's on Carothers Edmonds' farm seventeen miles from 

JeflFerson, Mississippi. That all?" 

   The census-taker closed the portfolio and stood up. He 

was a year or two younger than the other.  "If they dont 

know who you are here, how will  they know—how do 

you expect to get home?" 

   The other snapped the ash from the cigarette, lying on 

the steel cot in the fine Hollywood clothes and a pair of 

shoes better than the census-taker would ever own. "What 

will that matter to me?" he said. 

   So the census-taker departed; the guard locked the steel 

door again. And the other lay on the steel cot smoking until 

after a while they came and slit the expensive trousers and 

shaved the expensive coiffure and led him out of the cell. 

                                2. 

   On that same hot, bright July morning the same hot 

bright wind which shook the mulberry leaves just outside 

Gavin Stevens' window blew into the office too, contriving 

a semblance of coolness from what was merely motion. It 

 fluttered among the county-attorney business on the desk 

and blew in the wild shock of prematurely white hair of 

the man who sat behind it          a. thin, intelligent, unstable 

 face, a rumpled linen suit from whose lapel a Phi Beta 


Kappa key dangled on a watch chain—Gavin Stevens, Phi 

Beta Kappa, Harvard, Ph,D, Heidelberg, whose office was 

his hobby, although it made his living for him, and wl lose 

serious vocation was a twt nty-two-year-old unfinished ti ms- 

lation of the Old Testamtmt back into classic Greek, (mly 

his caller seemed impervious to it,      though by appearance 

she should have owned in that breeze no more of we ght 

and solidity than the intact ash of a scrap of burned          per 

                                                            p 

—a little  old negro woman with a shrunken, increc ibly 

old face beneath a white headcloth and a black straw hat 

which would have fitted a child. 

   ''Beauchamp?’' Stevens said. "You live on Mr Carot lers 

Edmonds’ place.” 

   "I done left,” she said. "I come to find my boy.” Then, 

sitting on the hard chair opposite him and without moving, 

 she began to chant.  "Roth Edmonds sold my Benjamin. 

                                                ” 

 Sold him in Egypt. Pharaoh got him 

   "Wait,” Stevens said.  "Wait, Aunty.” Because memory, 

recollection, was about to mesh and click.  "If you dont 

 know where your grandson is,  how do you know he’s in 

 trouble? Do you mean that Mr Edmonds has refused to 

 help you find him?” 

    "It was Roth Edmonds sold him,” she said. "Sold him in 

 Egypt. I dont know whar he is.  I just knows Pharaoh got 

 him. And you the Law. I wants to find my boy.” 

    "All right,” Stevens said. "I’ll try to find him. If you’re 

 not going back home, where will you stay in town? It may 

 take some time, if you dont know where he went and you 

 haven’t heard from him in five years.” 

    "I be staying with Hamp Worsham. He my brother.” 

    "All right,” Stevens said. He was not surprised. He had 

 known Hamp Worsham all his life, though he had never 


seen the old Negress before. But even if he had, he still 

would not have been surprised. They were like that. You 

could know two of them for years; they might even have 

worked for you for years, bearing different names. Then 

suddenly you learn by pure chance that they are brothers 

or sisters. 

   He sat  in the hot motion which was not breeze and 

listened to her toiling slowly down the steep outside stairs, 

remembering the grandson. The papers of that business 

had passed across his desk before going to the District At- 

torney five  or  six  years ago—Butch Beauchamp, as  the 

youth had been known during the single year he had spent 

in and out of the city jail:       the old Negress’ daughters 

child, orphaned of his mother at birth and deserted by his 

father, whom the grandmother had taken and raised,  or 

tried to.  Because at nineteen he had quit the country and 

come to town and spent a year in and out of jail for gam- 

bling and fighting, to come at last under serious indictment 

for breaking and entering a store. 

   Caught red-handed, whereupon he had struck with a 

piece of iron pipe at  the officer who surprised him and 

then lay on the ground where the officer had felled him 

with a pistol-butt, cursing through his broken mouth, his 

teeth fixed into something like  furious laughter through 

the blood. Then two nights later he broke out of jail  and 

was seen  no more— youth not  yet  twenty-one,  with 

                          a 

 something in him from the father who begot and deserted 

him and who was now in the State Penitentiary for man- 

 slaughter—some seed not only violent but dangerous and 

bad. 

   And that*s who I am to find, save, Stevens thought. Be- 

 cause he did not for one moment doubt the old Negress’ 


instinct.  If she had also been able to divine where the 

boy was and what his trouble was, he would not have b len 

surprised, and it was only later that he thought to be ;  ur- 

prised at how quickly he did find where the boy was j      nd 

what was wrong. 

   His first thought was tv>  telephone Carothers Edmords, 

on whose farm the  old  Negress'  husband had beei          a 

tenant for years. But then  according to her, Edmonds lad 

already refused to have anything to do with it.     Then he 

sat perfectly  still  while  ihe hot wind blew in  his  vild 

white mane. Now he comprehended what the old Neg ess 

     meant. He rememben  now that it was Edmonds v^ho 

had                         d 

had actually sent the boy to Jefferson in the first place: he 

had caught the boy breaking into his commissary store and 

had ordered him off the place and had forbidden him ever 

to  return.  And not the  sheriff,  the police,  he thought. 

 Something broader,  quicker in scope,  .   . . He rose and 

 took his old fine worn panama and descended the outside 

stairs and crossed the empty square in the hot suspension of 

noon's beginning, to the office  of the county newspaper. 

The editor was in—an older man but with hair less white 

than Stevens', in a black string tie  and an old-fashioned 

boiled shirt and tremendously fat. 

   ‘‘An  old  nigger  woman named Mollie  Beauchamp," 

 Stevens said. “She and her husband live on the Edmonds 

place.   It's her  grandson.  You  remember  him—Butch 

 Beauchamp, about five or six years ago, who spent a year 

 in town, mostly in jail, until they finally caught him break- 

 ing into Rouncewell’s store one night? Well, he's in worse 

 trouble than that now. I dont doubt her at all.  I just hope, 

 for her sake as well as that of the great public whom I rep- 


resent, that his present trouble is very bad and maybe final 

          '' 

too 

   'Wait,'' the editor said.  He didn't even need to leave 

his desk. He took the press association flimsy from its spike 

and handed it  to Stevens.  It  was datelined  from Joliet, 

Illinois, this morning: 

      Mississippi negro, on eve of execution for murder of 

      Chicago policeman, exposes alias by completing census 

      questionnaire,  Samuel Worsham Beauchamp 

   Five minutes later Stevens was crossing again the empty 

square in which noon's hot suspension was that much 

nearer. He had thought that he was going home to his 

boarding house for the noon meal, but he found that he 

was not. ^Besides, 1 didnt lock my office door,' he thought. 

Only, how under the sun she could have got to town from 

those seventeen miles. She may even have walked. "So it 

seems I didn't mean what I said I hoped," he said aloud, 

mounting the outside stairs  again,  out of the hazy and 

now windless sunglare, and entered his office. He stopped. 

 Then he said, 

    "Good morning. Miss Worsham." 

    She was quite old too—thin,  erect,  with a neat,  old- 

 time piling of white hair beneath a faded hat of thirty 

 years ago,  in rusty black, with a  frayed umbrella faded 

 now until it was green instead of black. He had known her 

 too all his life.  She lived alone in the decaying house her 

 father had left  her,  where she gave  lessons  in  china- 

 painting and, with the help of Hamp Worsham, descendant 

 of one of her father's slaves, and his wife, raised chickens 

 and vegetables for market. 


      came about Mollie,” she said.  "'Mollie Beauchamp. 

                           ” 

She said that you 

   He told her while she watched him, erect on the liard 

chair where the old Negress had sat,  the rusty umb ella 

leaning against her knee On her lap, beneath her fo ded 

hands, lay an old-fashioned beaded reticule almost as big as a 

suitcase. ''He is to be exe cuted tonight.^' 

   "Can nothing be dont^? Mollie's  and Hamp's pai mts 

belonged to my grandfather. Mollie and I were born in the 

same month. We grew i^p together as sisters would.” 

   "I telephoned,” Stevens said.  "I talked to the Warden 

at Joliet, and to the District Attorney in Chicago. He had 

        trial,                r      that sort. 

a fair        a good lawyi —of                   He had money. 

He was in a business called  numbers, that people  like 

him make money in.” She watched him, erect and motion- 

less.  "He is   a murderer. Miss Worsham. He shot that 

policeman in the back. A bad son of a bad father. He ad- 

mitted, confessed it  afterward.” 

   "I know,” she said. Then he realised that she was not 

looking at him, not seeing him at least.  "It's terrible.” 

   "So is  murder terrible,”  Stevens said.  "It's  better  this 

way.” Then she was looking at him again. 

   "I wasn't thinking of him. I was thinking of Mollie. She 

mustn't know.” 

   "Yes,”  Stevens said.  "I  have already talked with Mr 

Wilmoth at the paper.  He has agreed not to print any- 

thing. I will telephone the Memphis paper, but it's prob- 

ably too late for that.    ... If we could just persuade her 

to go on back home this afternoon, before the Memphis 

paper .   . . Out there, where the only white person she 

ever sees is Mr Edmonds, and I will telephone him; and 

even if the other darkies should hear about it. I'm sure they 


wouldn^t. And then maybe in about two or three months 

I could go out there and tell  her he is  dead and buried 

somewhere in the North. .        .    This time she was watch- 

ing him with such an expression that he ceased talking; 

she sat there, erect on the hard chair, watching him until 

he had ceased. 

   ‘^She will want to take him back home with her,**  she 

said. 

    '*Him?** Stevens said.  *'The body?**  She watched him. 

The expression was neither shocked nor disapproving. It 

merely embodied some old,  timeless,  female affinity  for 

blood and grief. Stevens thought: She has walked to town 

in this heat. Unless Hamp brought her in the buggy he 

peddles eggs and vegetables from. 

    ‘^He is  the only child of her oldest daughter, her own 

dead first child. He must come home.** 

   ^^He must come home,** Stevens said as quietly. ^1*11 at- 

 tend to it at once. 1*11 telephone at once.** 

    *Tou are kind.** For the first  time she stirred, moved. 

 He watched her hands draw the reticule toward her, clasp- 

 ing it.    will defray the expenses. Can you give me some 

            ?** 

 idea 

    He looked her straight in the face. He told the lie with- 

 out batting an eye, quickly and easily.  'Ten or twelve dol- 

 lars will cpver it. They will furnish a box and there will be 

 only the transportation.** 

    "A box?** Again she was looking at him with that ex- 

 pression curious and detached, as though he were a child. 

 "He is her grandson, Mr Stevens. When she took him to 

 raise, she gave him my fathers name—Samuel Worsham. 

 Not just a box, Mr Stevens. I understand that can be done 

 by paying so much a month.** 


   ^‘Not just a box,*^ Stevens said. He said it in exactly the 

same tone in which he had said He must come home. ‘ Mr 

Edmonds will want to help,  I  know. And I  underst ind 

that old Luke Beauchamp has some money in the                  nk. 

And if you will permit me 

   ‘^That will not be necessary,^' she said. He watched her 

open the reticule;  he w. itched her count onto the (          esk 

twenty-five dollars in f^a^ ed bills  and coins ranging d' wn 

to nickels and dimes and pennies.  'That will take car :         of 

the immediate expenses.  I  will  tell       her—You are       ure 

there is  no hope?'' 

   "I am sure. He will die tonight." 

   '1 will tell her this afternoon that he is dead then.^ 

   "Would you like for me to tell her?" 

   "I will tell  her," she said. 

   "Would you like for me to come out and see her, then, 

talk to her?" 

   "It would be kind of you." Then she was gone, erect, 

her feet crisp and light, almost brisk, on the stairs, ceasing. 

He telephoned again, to the Illinois warden, then to an 

undertaker in Joliet. Then once more he crossed the hot, 

empty square. He had only to wait a short while for the 

editor to return from dinner. 

   "We're bringing him home," he said.  "Miss Worsham 

                                                         " 

and you and me and some others. It will cost 

   "Wait," the editor said. "What others?" 

   "I dont know yet.  It will cost about two hundred. I'm 

not counting the telephones; I'll take care of them myself. 

I'll get something out of Carothers Edmonds the first time 

I catch him; I dont know how much, but something. And 

maybe fifty  around the square. But the rest of it  is  you 

 and me, because she insisted on leaving twenty-five with 


me, which is  just twice what I  tried to persuade her it 

would cost and just exactly four times what she can afford 

              '' 

to pay 

    ‘Wait,'' the editor said.  ‘Wait." 

   “And he will come in on Number Four the day after to- 

morrow and we will meet it. Miss Worsham and his grand- 

mother, the old nigger, in my car and you and me in yours. 

Miss Worsham and the old woman will  take him back 

home, back where he was born. Or where the old woman 

raised him. Or where she tried to. And the hearse out there 

                                                                 " 

will be fifteen more, not counting the flowers 

    “Flowers?" the editor cried. 

    “Flowers," Stevens said. “Call the whole thing two hun- 

dred and twenty-five. And it will probably be mostly you 

 and me. All right?" 

    “No it  aint all right," the editor said. “But it dont look 

 like I  can help myself. By Jupiter," he said,  “even if  I 

 could help myself, the novelty will be almost worth it.              It 

will be the first  time in my life  I  ever paid money for 

 copy I had already promised before hand I wont print." 

    “Have already promised before hand you will not print," 

 Stevens said. And during the remainder of that hot and 

 now windless afternoon, while officials from the city hall, 

 and justices  of the peace and bailiffs  come fifteen  and 

 twenty miles from the ends of the county, mounted the 

 stairs to the empty office and called his name and cooled 

 their heels a while and then went away and returned and 

 sat again, fuming, Stevens passed from store to store and 

 office to office about the square—merchant and clerk, pro- 

 prietor and employee, doctor dentist lawyer and barber 

 with his set and rapid speech: “It's to bring a dead nigger 

 home. It's for Miss Worsham. Never mind about a paper 


to sign: just give me a dollar. Or a half a dollar then. Or 

a quarter then.'' 

   And that night after  supper he walked through  the 

breathless and star-filled darkness to Miss Worsham's he use 

on the edge of town and knocked on the paintless fiont 

door. Hamp Worsham admitted him—an old man, bt lly' 

bloated from the vegetable's on which he and his wife and 

Miss Worsham all three mostly lived, with blurred old ryes 

and a fringe of white hair about the head and face «             f a 

Roman general. 

   *'She expecting you," lie  said.  ‘^She say to kindly  tep 

up to the chamber." 

   * 

    7s that where Aunt Mollie is?" Stevens said. 

    'Weall dar," Worsham said. 

   So Stevens crossed the lamplit hall  (he knew that the 

entire house was still lighted with oil lamps and there was 

no running water in it)  and preceded the Negro up the 

clean,  paintless  stairs  beside  the  faded wallpaper,  and 

followed the old Negro along the hall and into the clean, 

spare bedroom with  its       unmistakable faint  odor of  old 

                                                               — 

maidens. They were all there, as Worsham had said                 ^his 

wife, a tremendous light-colored woman in a bright turban 

 leaning in the door, Miss Worsham erect again on a hard 

straight chair, the old Negress sitting in the only rocking 

chair beside the hearth on which even tonight a few ashes 

smoldered faintly. 

   She held a  reed-stemmed clay pipe but she was not 

 smoking it,   the ash dead and white in the stained bowl; 

 and actually  looking at  her for  the  first       time,  Stevens 

thought:  Goad Lord,  shes not as  hig as  a ten-year-old 

child. Then he sat too, so that the four of them—himself. 

                                                         — 

Miss Worsham, the old Negress and her brother                ^made a 

38o               go down, MOSES 

circle about the brick hearth on which the ancient symbol 

of human coherence and solidarity smoldered. 

   ''Hell be home the day after tomorrow, Aunt Mollie,’^ 

he said.  The old Negress didn’t even look at him; she 

never had looked at him. 

   "He dead,” she said.  "Pharaoh got him.” 

   "Oh yes, Lord,” Worsham said.  "Pharaoh got him.” 

   "Done sold my Benjamin,” the old Negress said.  "Sold 

him in Egypt,” She began to sway faintly back and forth 

in the chair. 

   "Oh yes. Lord,” Worsham said. 

   "Hush,” Miss Worsham said.  "Hush, Hamp.” 

   "I  telephoned Mr Edmonds,” Stevens said.        "He will 

have everything ready when you get there.” 

   "Roth Edmonds sold him,” the old Negress said.  She 

swayed back and forth in the chair. "Sold my Benjamin.” 

   "Hush,” Miss Worsham said.         "Hush, Mollie.  Hush 

now.” 

   "No,” Stevens said. "Nohe didn’t. Aunt Mollie. It wasn’t 

                                   — 

Mr Edmonds. Mr Edmonds didn’t         ” But she cant hear me, 

he thought. She was not even looking at him. She never 

had looked at him. 

   "Sold my Benjamin,” she said. "Sold him in Egypt.” 

   "Sold him in Egypt,” Worsham said. 

   "Roth Edmonds sold my Benjamin.” 

   "Sold him to Pharaoh.” 

   "Sold him to Pharaoh and now he dead.” 

   "I’d better go,” Stevens said. He rose quickly. Miss Wor- 

 sham rose too, but he did not wait for her to precede him. 

 He went down the hall fast, almost running; he did not 

 even know whether she was following him or not.  Soon 

 1 will he outside, he thought. Then there will he air, space, 


hreath. Then he could hear her behind him—the crisp, 

light, brisk yet unhurried feet as he had heard them de- 

scending the stairs  from his office,  and beyond them *he 

voices: 

   ^'Sold my Benjamin. Sold him in Egypt.” 

   ^^Sold him in Egypt. Oh yes. Lord.” 

   He descended the staiis,  almost running.  It  was not 

far now; now he could smell and feel it:  the breathing tnd 

simple dark, and now he could manner himself to pa ise 

and wait,  turning at  the door, watching Miss Worsh im 

as she followed him to the door—the high, white, en ct, 

old-time  head approaching  through  the  old-time  lar ip- 

light. Now he could hear the third voice, which would be 

that of Hamp s  wife— true constant soprano which ran 

                         a 

without words beneath the strophe and antistrophe of the 

brother and sister: 

   ^^Sold him in Egypt and now he dead.” 

   'Gh yes, Lord. Sold him in Egypt.” 

   ^'Sold him in Egypt.” 

   '‘And now he dead.” 

   "Sold him to Pharaoh.” 

   "And now he dead.” 

   "Lm sorry,” Stevens said.  "I ask you to forgive me. I 

should have known. I  shouldn't have come.” 

   "Its all  right,” Miss Worsham said.  "It s our grief.” 

   And on the next bright hot day but one the hearse and 

the two cars  were waiting when the  southbound train 

came in. There were more than a dozen cars, but it was 

not until the train came in that Stevens and the editor be- 

gan to notice the number of people, Negroes and whites 

both. Then, with the idle white men and youths and small 

boys and probably half a hundred Negroes, men and women 


too, watching quietly, the Negro undertaker s men lifted 

the gray-and-silver casket from the train  and carried it  to 

the hearse and snatched the wreaths and floral symbols of 

man's ultimate and inevitable end briskly out and slid the 

casket in and flung the flowers back and clapped-to the 

door. 

   Then, with Miss Worsham and the old  Negress  in 

Stevens' car with the driver he had hired and himself and 

the editor in the editor's,  they followed the hearse as it 

swung into the long hill  up from the station, going fast 

in a whining lower gear until it  reached the crest,  going 

pretty fast still but with an unctuous, an almost bishoplike 

purr until it slowed into the square, crossing it,  circling the 

Confederate monument and the courthouse while the mer- 

chants and clerks and barbers and professional men who 

had given Stevens the dollars and half-dollars and quarters 

and the ones who had not, watched quietly from doors and 

upstairs windows, swinging then into the street which at 

the edge of town would become the country road leading 

to the destination seventeen miles away, already picking 

up speed again and followed still by the two cars contain- 

     the four people—  high-headed erect white woman, 

ing                     the 

the old Negress, the designated paladin of justice and truth 

                                     — formal component 

and right,  the Heidelberg Ph.D.        in 

complement to the Negro murderer's catafalque: the slain 

wolf. 

   When they reached the edge of town the hearse was 

going quite fast.  Now they flashed past  the metal sign 

which said Jefferson. Corporate Limit, and the pavement 

vanished, slanting away into another long hill,  becoming 

gravel. Stevens reached over and cut the switch, so that 

the editor's car coasted, slowing as he began to brake it. 


the hearse and the other car drawing rapidly away now as 

though in flight, the light and unrained summer dust sp irt- 

ing from beneath the fleeing wheels; soon they were gene. 

The editor turned his  car clumsily,  grinding the gears, 

sawing and filling until it was back in the road facing tc wn 

again. Then he sat for a moment, his foot on the clu ch. 

   ''Do you know what slie asked me this morning, tvick 

there at the station?'' he slid. 

   "Probably not," Steven^ said. 

   "She said, 'Is you gontt r put hit in de paper?' 

   "What?" 

   "That’s what I  said,"  the editor  said.      "And she :aid 

it again: 'Is you gonter put hit in de paper? I wants hit all 

in de paper. All of hit.' And I wanted to say, 'If I should 

happen to know how he really died, do you want that in 

 too?' And by Jupiter, if I had and if she had known what 

 we know even, I believe she would have said yes. But I 

 didn't say it. I just said, 'Why, you couldn't read it. Aunty.' 

And she said,  'Miss Belle will show me whar to look and 

                                                               ” 

 I can look at hit. You put hit in de paper. All of hit.' 

    "Oh," Stevens said. Yes, he thought. It doesn't matter to 

 her now. Since it  had to he and she couldn't stop it,  and 

 now that it's  all  over and done and finished, she doesn't 

 care how he died.  She just wanted him home, hut she 

 wanted him to come home right.  She wanted that casket 

 and those flowers and the hearse and she wanted to ride 

 through town behind it in a car, "Come on," he said. "Let's 

 get back to town. I haven't seen my desk in two days." 

